
THE BOY WHO LIVED 

Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, 
were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, 
thank you very much. They were the last people youd 
expect to be involved in anything strange or 
mysterious, because they just didnt hold with such 
nonsense. 

Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called 
Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy 
man with hardly any neck, although he did have a 
very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and 
blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of 
neck, which came in very useful as she spent so 
much of her time craning over garden fences, spying 
on the neighbors. The Dursley s had a small son 
called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer 
boy anywhere. 

The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they 
also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that 
somebody would discover it. They didnt think they 
could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. 
Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursleys sister, but they hadnt 

  2 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended 
she didnt have a sister, because her sister and her 
goodfornothing husband were as unDursleyish as it 
was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think 
what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in 
the street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a 
small son, too, but they had never even seen him. 

This boy was another good reason for keeping the 
Potters away; they didnt want Dudley mixing with a 
child like that. 

When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray 
Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the 
cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and 
mysterious things would soon be happening all over 
the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out 
his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley 
gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming 
Dudley into his high chair. 

None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past 
the window. 

At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his 
briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and 
tried to kiss Dudley goodbye but missed, because 
Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his 
cereal at the walls. Little tyke, chortled Mr. Dursley 
as he left the house. He got into his car and backed 
out of number fours drive. 

It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the 
first sign of something peculiar  a cat reading a 
map. For a second, Mr. Dursley didnt realize what he 
had seen  then he jerked his head around to look 
again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner 
of Privet Drive, but there wasnt a map in sight. What 
could he have been thinking of? It must have been a 
trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at 
  3 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around 
the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his 
mirror. It was now reading the sign that said Privet 
Drive  no, looking at the sign; cats couldnt read 
maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake 
and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward 
town he thought of nothing except a large order of 
drills he was hoping to get that day. 

But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his 
mind by something else. As he sat in the usual 
morning traffic jam, he couldnt help noticing that 
there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people 
about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldnt bear 
people who dressed in funny clothes  the getups 
you saw on young people! He supposed this was some 
stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the 
steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these 
weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering 
excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was enraged to see 
that a couple of them werent young at all; why, that 
man had to be older than he was, and wearing an 
emeraldgreen cloak! The nerve of him! But then it 
struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly 
stunt  these people were obviously collecting for 
something ... yes, that would be it. The traffic moved 
on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the 
Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills. 

Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in 
his office on the ninth floor. If he hadnt, he might 
have found it harder to concentrate on drills that 
morning. He didnt see the owls swooping past in 
broad daylight, though people down in the street did; 
they pointed and gazed openmouthed as owl after 
owl sped overhead. Most of them had never seen an 
owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a 
perfectly normal, owlfree morning. He yelled at five 
different people. He made several important telephone 
  4 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a very good 
mood until lunchtime, when he thought hed stretch 
his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a 
bun from the bakery. 

Hed forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he 
passed a group of them next to the bakers. He eyed 
them angrily as he passed. He didnt know why, but 
they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering 
excitedly, too, and he couldnt see a single collecting 
tin. It was on his way back past them, clutching a 
large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words 
of what they were saying. 

The Potters, thats right, thats what I heard   

  yes, their son, Harry   

Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He 
looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say 
something to them, but thought better of it. 

He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his 
office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, 
seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing 
his home number when he changed his mind. He put 
the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, 
thinking ... no, he was being stupid. Potter wasnt 
such an unusual name. He was sure there were lots 
of people called Potter who had a son called Harry. 
Come to think of it, he wasnt even sure his nephew 
was called Harry. Hed never even seen the boy. It 
might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no 
point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so 
upset at any mention of her sister. He didnt blame 
her  if hed had a sister like that ... but all the 
same, those people in cloaks ... 



  5 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that 
afternoon and when he left the building at five oclock, 
he was still so worried that he walked straight into 
someone just outside the door. 

Sorry, he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled 
and almost fell. It was a few seconds before Mr. 
Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet 
cloak. He didnt seem at all upset at being almost 
knocked to the ground. On the contrary, his face split 
into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that 
made passersby stare, Dont be sorry, my dear sir, 
for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You 
KnowWho has gone at last! Even Muggles like 
yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy 
day! 

And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the 
middle and walked off. 

Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been 
hugged by a complete stranger. He also thought he 
had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He was 
rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, 
hoping he was imagining things, which he had never 
hoped before, because he didnt approve of 
imagination. 

As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the 
first thing he saw  and it didnt improve his mood  
was the tabby cat hed spotted that morning. It was 
now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the 
same one; it had the same markings around its eyes. 

Shoo! said Mr. Dursley loudly. 

The cat didnt move. It just gave him a stern look. 

Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. 
Trying to pull himself together, he let himself into the 

  6 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




house. He was still determined not to mention 
anything to his wife. 

Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told 
him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Doors problems 
with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new 
word (Wont!). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. 
When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the 
living room in time to catch the last report on the 
evening news: 

And finally, birdwatchers everywhere have reported 
that the nations owls have been behaving very 
unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at 
night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have 
been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in 
every direction since sunrise. Experts are unable to 
explain why the owls have suddenly changed their 
sleeping pattern. The newscaster allowed himself a 
grin. Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim 
McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more 
showers of owls tonight, Jim? 

Well, Ted, said the weatherman, I dont know about 
that, but its not only the owls that have been acting 
oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, 
and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that 
instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyve had a 
downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have 
been celebrating Bonfire Night early  its not until 
next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night 
tonight. 

Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars 
all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious 
people in cloaks all over the place? And a whisper, a 
whisper about the Potters . . . 



  7 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two 
cups of tea. It was no good. Hed have to say 
something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. Er 
 Petunia, dear  you havent heard from your sister 
lately, have you? 

As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and 
angry. After all, they normally pretended she didnt 
have a sister. 

No, she said sharply. Why? 

Funny stuff on the news, Mr. Dursley mumbled. 
Owls . . . shooting stars . . . and there were a lot of 
funnylooking people in town today ... 

So? snapped Mrs. Dursley. 

Well, I just thought ... maybe ... it was something to 
do with ... you know ... her crowd. 

Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. 
Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her hed 
heard the name Potter. He decided he didnt dare. 
Instead he said, as casually as he could, Their son  
hed be about Dudleys age now, wouldnt he? 

I suppose so, said Mrs. Dursley stiffly. 

Whats his name again? Howard, isnt it? 

Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me. 

Oh, yes, said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking 
horribly. Yes, I quite agree. 

He didnt say another word on the subject as they 
went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley was in the 
bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window 

  8 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




and peered down into the front garden. The cat was 
still there. It was staring down Privet Drive as though 
it were waiting for something. 

Was he imagining things? Could all this have 
anything to do with the Potters? If it did ... if it got out 
that they were related to a pair of  well, he didnt 
think he could bear it. 

The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep 
quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over 
in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell 
asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, 
there was no reason for them to come near him and 
Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and 
Petunia thought about them and their kind. ... He 
couldnt see how he and Petunia could get mixed up 
in anything that might be going on  he yawned and 
turned over  it couldnt affect them. ... 

How very wrong he was. 

Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy 
sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no 
sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a statue, 
its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet 
Drive. It didnt so much as quiver when a car door 
slammed on the next street, nor when two owls 
swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight 
before the cat moved at all. 

A man appeared on the corner the cat had been 
watching, appeared so suddenly and silently youd 
have thought hed just popped out of the ground. The 
cats tail twitched and its eyes narrowed. 

Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet 
Drive. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the 
silver of his hair and beard, which were both long 

  9 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long 
robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and 
highheeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light, 
bright, and sparkling behind halfmoon spectacles 
and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it 
had been broken at least twice. This mans name was 
Albus Dumbledore. 

Albus Dumbledore didnt seem to realize that he had 
just arrived in a street where everything from his 
name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy 
rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But 
he did seem to realize he was being watched, because 
he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still 
staring at him from the other end of the street. For 
some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse 
him. He chuckled and muttered, I should have 
known. 

He found what he was looking for in his inside 
pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He 
flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. 
The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He 
clicked it again  the next lamp flickered into 
darkness. Twelve times he clicked the PutOuter, 
until the only lights left on the whole street were two 
tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of 
the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their 
window now, even beadyeyed Mrs. Dursley, they 
wouldnt be able to see anything that was happening 
down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put 
Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the 
street toward number four, where he sat down on the 
wall next to the cat. He didnt look at it, but after a 
moment he spoke to it. 

Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall. 



  10 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. 
Instead he was smiling at a rather severelooking 
woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the 
shape of the markings the cat had had around its 
eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. 
Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She 
looked distinctly ruffled. 

How did you know it was me? she asked. 

My dear Professor, Ive never seen a cat sit so stiffly. 

Youd be stiff if youd been sitting on a brick wall all 
day, said Professor McGonagall. 

All day? When you could have been celebrating? I 
must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my 
way here. 

Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. 

Oh yes, everyones celebrating, all right, she said 
impatiently. Youd think theyd be a bit more careful, 
but no  even the Muggles have noticed somethings 
going on. It was on their news. She jerked her head 
back at the Dursleys dark livingroom window. I 
heard it. Flocks of owls ... shooting stars. ... Well, 
theyre not completely stupid. They were bound to 
notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent  Ill 
bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much 
sense. 

You cant blame them, said Dumbledore gently. 
Weve had precious little to celebrate for eleven 
years. 

I know that, said Professor McGonagall irritably. 

But thats no reason to lose our heads. People are 
being downright careless, out on the streets in broad 

  11 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, 
swapping rumors. 

She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore 
here, as though hoping he was going to tell her 
something, but he didnt, so she went on. A fine 
thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnowWho 
seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found 
out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, 
Dumbledore? 

It certainly seems so, said Dumbledore. We have 
much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon 
drop? 

A what? 

A lemon drop. Theyre a kind of Muggle sweet Im 
rather fond of. 

No, thank you, said Professor McGonagall coldly, as 
though she didnt think this was the moment for 
lemon drops. As I say, even if YouKnowWho has 
gone   

My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like 
yourself can call him by his name? All this You 
KnowWho nonsense  for eleven years I have been 
trying to persuade people to call him by his proper 
name: Voldemort. Professor McGonagall flinched, but 
Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, 
seemed not to notice. It all gets so confusing if we 
keep saying YouKnowWho. I have never seen any 
reason to be frightened of saying Voldemorts name. 

I know you havent, said Professor McGonagall, 
sounding half exasperated, half admiring. But youre 
different. Everyone knows youre the only one You 
Know oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of. 

  12 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




You flatter me, said Dumbledore calmly. Voldemort 
had powers I will never have. 



Only because youre too  well  noble to use 
them. 

Its lucky its dark. I havent blushed so much since 
Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs. 

Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at 
Dumbledore and said, The owls are nothing next to 
the rumors that are flying around. You know what 
everyones saying? About why hes disappeared? 

About what finally stopped him? 

It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the 
point she was most anxious to discuss, the real 
reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all 
day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she 
fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she 
did now. It was plain that whatever everyone was 
saying, she was not going to believe it until 
Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, 
however, was choosing another lemon drop and did 
not answer. 

What theyre saying, she pressed on, is that last 
night Voldemort turned up in Godrics Hollow. He 
went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and 
James Potter are  are  that theyre  dead. 

Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall 
gasped. 

Lily and James ... I cant believe it ... I didnt want to 
believe it ... Oh, Albus ... 

Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the 
shoulder. I know ... I know ... he said heavily. 

  13 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Professor McGonagalls voice trembled as she went 
on. Thats not all. Theyre saying he tried to kill the 
Potters son, Harry. But  he couldnt. He couldnt 
kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but 
theyre saying that when he couldnt kill Harry Potter, 
Voldemorts power somehow broke  and thats why 
hes gone. 

Dumbledore nodded glumly. 

Its  its true? faltered Professor McGonagall. After 
all hes done ... all the people hes killed ... he couldnt 
kill a little boy? Its just astounding ... of all the 
things to stop him . . . but how in the name of heaven 
did Harry survive? 

We can only guess, said Dumbledore. We may 
never know. 

Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief 
and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. 
Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden 
watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very 
odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; 
instead, little planets were moving around the edge. It 
must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, 
because he put it back in his pocket and said, 
Hagrids late. I suppose it was he who told you Id be 
here, by the way? 

Yes, said Professor McGonagall. And I dont 
suppose youre going to tell me why youre here, of all 
places? 

Ive come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. 
Theyre the only family he has left now. 

You dont mean  you cant mean the people who 
live here? cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her 

  14 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




feet and pointing at number four. Dumbledore  you 
cant. Ive been watching them all day. You couldnt 
find two people who are less like us. And theyve got 
this son  I saw him kicking his mother all the way 
up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter 
come and live here! 

Its the best place for him, said Dumbledore firmly. 
His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything 
to him when hes older. Ive written them a letter. 

A letter? repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, 
sitting back down on the wall. Really, Dumbledore, 
you think you can explain all this in a letter? These 
people will never understand him! Hell be famous  
a legend  I wouldnt be surprised if today was 
known as Harry Potter Day in the future  there will 
be books written about Harry  every child in our 
world will know his name! 

Exactly, said Dumbledore, looking very seriously 
over the top of his halfmoon glasses. It would be 
enough to turn any boys head. Famous before he can 
walk and talk! Famous for something he wont even 
remember! Cant you see how much better off hell be, 
growing up away from all that until hes ready to take 
it? 



Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her 
mind, swallowed, and then said, Yes  yes, youre 
right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, 
Dumbledore? She eyed his cloak suddenly as though 
she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it. 

Hagrids bringing him. 

You think it  wise  to trust Hagrid with 
something as important as this? 



  15 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I would trust Hagrid with my life, said Dumbledore. 

Im not saying his heart isnt in the right place, said 
Professor McGonagall grudgingly, but you cant 
pretend hes not careless. He does tend to  what 
was that? 

A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around 
them. It grew steadily louder as they looked up and 
down the street for some sign of a headlight; it 
swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky  
and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed 
on the road in front of them. 

If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man 
sitting astride it. He was almost twice as tall as a 
normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked 
simply too big to be allowed, and so wild  long 
tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his 
face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his 
feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In 
his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of 
blankets. 

Hagrid, said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. At 
last. And where did you get that motorcycle? 

Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir, said the 
giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he 
spoke. Young Sirius Black lent it to me. Ive got him, 
sir. 

No problems, were there? 

No, sir  house was almost destroyed, but I got him 
out all right before the Muggles started swarmin 
around. He fell asleep as we was flyin over Bristol. 



  16 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward 
over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a 
baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jetblack hair 
over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped 
cut, like a bolt of lightning. 

Is that where  ? whispered Professor McGonagall. 

Yes, said Dumbledore. Hell have that scar forever. 

Couldnt you do something about it, Dumbledore? 

Even if I could, I wouldnt. Scars can come in handy. 

I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect 
map of the London Underground. Well  give him 
here, Hagrid  wed better get this over with. 

Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned 
toward the Dursleys house. 

Could I  could I say goodbye to him, sir? asked 
Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry 
and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, 
whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl 
like a wounded dog. 

Shhh! hissed Professor McGonagall, youll wake the 
Muggles! 

Sssorry, sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted 
handkerchief and burying his face in it. But I cc 
cant stand it  Lily an James dead  an poor little 
Harry off ter live with Muggles   

Yes, yes, its all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, 
Hagrid, or well be found, Professor McGonagall 
whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as 
Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and 
walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the 
  17 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it 
inside Harrys blankets, and then came back to the 
other two. For a full minute the three of them stood 
and looked at the little bundle; Hagrids shoulders 
shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and 
the twinkling light that usually shone from 
Dumbledores eyes seemed to have gone out. 

Well, said Dumbledore finally, thats that. Weve no 
business staying here. We may as well go and join the 
celebrations. 

Yeah, said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, Id best 
get this bike away. G night, Professor McGonagall  
Professor Dumbledore, sir. 

Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid 
swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the 
engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off 
into the night. 

I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall, 
said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor 
McGonagall blew her nose in reply. 

Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. 
On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put 
Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light 
sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive 
glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a 
tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end 
of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets 
on the step of number four. 

Good luck, Harry, he murmured. He turned on his 
heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone. 

A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which 
lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last 

  18 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




place you would expect astonishing things to happen. 
Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without 
waking up. One small hand closed on the letter 
beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was 
special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he 
would be woken in a few hours time by Mrs. 

Dursleys scream as she opened the front door to put 
out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next 
few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin 
Dudley. ... He couldnt know that at this very 
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country 
were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed 
voices: To Harry Potter  the boy who lived! 



  19 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






THE VANASHIG GLASS 

Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had 
woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but 
Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun rose 
on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass 
number four on the Dursleys front door; it crept into 
their living room, which was almost exactly the same 
as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had 
seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the 
photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how 
much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been 
lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach 
ball wearing differentcolored bonnets  but Dudley 
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the 
photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first 
bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer 
game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his 
mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy 
lived in the house, too. 

Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, 
but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it 



  20 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the 
day. 

Up! Get up! Now! 

Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door 
again. 

Up! she screeched. Harry heard her walking toward 
the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan 
being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back and 
tried to remember the dream he had been having. It 
had been a good one. There had been a flying 
motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling hed had the 
same dream before. 

His aunt was back outside the door. 

Are you up yet? she demanded. 

Nearly, said Harry. 

Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the 
bacon. And dont you dare let it burn, I want 
everything perfect on Duddys birthday. 

Harry groaned. 

What did you say? his aunt snapped through the 
door. 

Nothing, nothing ... 

Dudleys birthday  how could he have forgotten? 
Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for 
socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after 
pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Harry 
was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the 
stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept. 
  21 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




When he was dressed he went down the hall into the 
kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all 
Dudleys birthday presents. It looked as though 
Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not 
to mention the second television and the racing bike. 
Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a 
mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated 
exercise  unless of course it involved punching 
somebody. Dudleys favorite punching bag was Harry, 
but he couldnt often catch him. Harry didnt look it, 
but he was very fast. 

Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark 
cupboard, but Harry had always been small and 
skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and 
skinnier than he really was because all he had to 
wear were old clothes of Dudleys, and Dudley was 
about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin 
face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green 
eyes. He wore round glasses held together with a lot 
of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had 
punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked 
about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his 
forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He 
had had it as long as he could remember, and the 
first question he could ever remember asking his 
Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it. 

In the car crash when your parents died, she had 
said. And dont ask questions. 

Dont ask questions  that was the first rule for a 
quiet life with the Dursleys. 

Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was 
turning over the bacon. 

Comb your hair! he barked, by way of a morning 
greeting. 

  22 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top 
of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a 
haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than the 
rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made 
no difference, his hair simply grew that way  all over 
the place. 

Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in 
the kitchen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like 
Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much 
neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair 
that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia 
often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel  
Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a 
wig. 

Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, 
which was difficult as there wasnt much room. 
Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His 
face fell. 

Thirtysix, he said, looking up at his mother and 
father. Thats two less than last year. 

Darling, you havent counted Auntie Marges present, 
see, its here under this big one from Mommy and 
Daddy. 

All right, thirtyseven then, said Dudley, going red 
in the face. Harry, who could see a huge Dudley 
tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as 
fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over. 

Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because 
she said quickly, And well buy you another two 
presents while were out today. Hows that, popkin? 
Two more presents. Is that all right? 



  23 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard 
work. Finally he said slowly, So Ill have thirty ... 
thirty ... 

Thirtynine, sweetums, said Aunt Petunia. 

Oh. Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the 
nearest parcel. All right then. 

Uncle Vernon chuckled. 

Little tyke wants his moneys worth, just like his 
father. Atta boy, Dudley! He ruffled Dudleys hair. 

At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia 
went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon 
watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video 
camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new 
computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the 
paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came 
back from the telephone looking both angry and 
worried. 

Bad news, Vernon, she said. Mrs. Figgs broken her 
leg. She cant take him. She jerked her head in 
Harrys direction. 

Dudleys mouth fell open in horror, but Harrys heart 
gave a leap. Every year on Dudleys birthday, his 
parents took him and a friend out for the day, to 
adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the 
movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. 
Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. 

Harry hated it there. The whole house smelled of 
cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs 
of all the cats shed ever owned. 

Now what? said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at 
Harry as though hed planned this. Harry knew he 

  24 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, 
but it wasnt easy when he reminded himself it would 
be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbies, 
Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. 

We could phone Marge, Uncle Vernon suggested. 

Dont be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy. 

The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as 
though he wasnt there  or rather, as though he was 
something very nasty that couldnt understand them, 
like a slug. 

What about whatshername, your friend  
Yvonne? 

On vacation in Majorca, snapped Aunt Petunia. 

You could just leave me here, Harry put in hopefully 
(hed be able to watch what he wanted on television 
for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudleys 
computer) . 

Aunt Petunia looked as though shed just swallowed a 
lemon. 

And come back and find the house in ruins? she 
snarled. 

I wont blow up the house, said Harry, but they 
werent listening. 

I suppose we could take him to the zoo, said Aunt 
Petunia slowly, "... and leave him in the car. ... 

That cars new, hes not sitting in it alone. ... 



  25 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasnt really 
crying  it had been years since hed really cried  
but he knew that if he screwed up his face and 
wailed, his mother would give him anything he 
wanted. 

Dinky Duddydums, dont cry, Mummy wont let him 
spoil your special day! she cried, flinging her arms 
around him. 

I ... dont ... want ... him ... ttto come! Dudley 
yelled between huge, pretend sobs. He always sp 
spoils everything! He shot Harry a nasty grin through 
the gap in his mothers arms. 

Just then, the doorbell rang  Oh, good Lord, 
theyre here! said Aunt Petunia frantically  and a 
moment later, Dudleys best friend, Piers Polkiss, 
walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy 
with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who 
held peoples arms behind their backs while Dudley 
hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once. 

Half an hour later, Harry, who couldnt believe his 
luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursleys car with 
Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first 
time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadnt been able 
to think of anything else to do with him, but before 
theyd left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside. 

Im warning you, he had said, putting his large 
purple face right up close to Harrys, Im warning you 
now, boy  any funny business, anything at all  
and youll be in that cupboard from now until 
Christmas. 

Im not going to do anything, said Harry, honestly 



  26 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




But Uncle Vernon didnt believe him. No one ever did. 



The problem was, strange things often happened 
around Harry and it was just no good telling the 
Dursleys he didnt make them happen. 

Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from 
the barbers looking as though he hadnt been at all, 
had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair 
so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, 
which she left to hide that horrible scar. Dudley had 
laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless 
night imagining school the next day, where he was 
already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped 
glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to 
find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt 
Petunia had sheared it off. He had been given a week 
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to 
explain that he couldnt explain how it had grown 
back so quickly. 

Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force 
him into a revolting old sweater of Dudleys (brown 
with orange puff balls). The harder she tried to pull it 
over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until 
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but 
certainly wouldnt fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had decided 
it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great 
relief, Harry wasnt punished. 

On the other hand, hed gotten into terrible trouble 
for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. 
Dudleys gang had been chasing him as usual when, 
as much to Harrys surprise as anyone elses, there he 
was sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had 
received a very angry letter from Harrys headmistress 
telling them Harry had been climbing school 
buildings. But all hed tried to do (as he shouted at 
Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his 
  27 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans 
outside the kitchen doors. Harry supposed that the 
wind must have caught him in midjump. 

But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even 
worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the 
day somewhere that wasnt school, his cupboard, or 
Mrs. Figgs cabbagesmelling living room. 

While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt 
Petunia. He liked to complain about things: people at 
work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry 
were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning, 
it was motorcycles. 

"... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums, 
he said, as a motorcycle overtook them. 

I had a dream about a motorcycle, said Harry, 
remembering suddenly. It was flying. 

Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He 
turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, 
his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: 
MOTORCYCLES DONT FLY! 

Dudley and Piers sniggered. 

I know they dont, said Harry. It was only a dream. 

But he wished he hadnt said anything. If there was 
one thing the Dursleys hated even more than his 
asking questions, it was his talking about anything 
acting in a way it shouldnt, no matter if it was in a 
dream or even a cartoon  they seemed to think he 
might get dangerous ideas. 

It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was 
crowded with families. The Dursleys bought Dudley 

  28 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance 
and then, because the smiling lady in the van had 
asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry 
him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It 
wasnt bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they 
watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked 
remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasnt blond. 

Harry had the best morning hed had in a long time. 
He was careful to walk a little way apart from the 
Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who were starting 
to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldnt 
fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They 
ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a 
tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didnt have 
enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him 
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first. 

Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it 
was all too good to last. 

After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool 
and dark in there, with lit windows all along the 
walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes 
were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and 
stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, 
poisonous cobras and thick, mancrushing pythons. 
Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the place. It 
could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle 
Vernons car and crushed it into a trash can  but at 
the moment it didnt look in the mood. In fact, it was 
fast asleep. 

Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, 
staring at the glistening brown coils. 

Make it move, he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon 
tapped on the glass, but the snake didnt budge. 



  29 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Do it again, Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped 
the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake 
just snoozed on. 

This is boring, Dudley moaned. He shuffled away. 

Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently 
at the snake. He wouldnt have been surprised if it 
had died of boredom itself  no company except 
stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass 
trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than 
having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only 
visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to 
wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the 
house. 

The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, 
very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a 
level with Harrys. 

It winked. 

Harry stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if 
anyone was watching. They werent. He looked back 
at the snake and winked, too. 

The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and 
Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave 
Harry a look that said quite plainly: 

I get that all the time. 

I know, Harry murmured through the glass, though 
he wasnt sure the snake could hear him. It must be 
really annoying. 

The snake nodded vigorously. 

Where do you come from, anyway? Harry asked. 

  30 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the 
glass. Harry peered at it. 

Boa Constrictor, Brazil. 

Was it nice there? 

The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again 
and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the 
zoo. Oh, I see  so youve never been to Brazil? 

As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout 
behind Harry made both of them jump. DUDLEY! 
MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! 
YOU WONT BELIEVE WHAT ITS DOING! 

Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he 
could. 

Out of the way, you, he said, punching Harry in the 
ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard on the 
concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no 
one saw how it happened  one second, Piers and 
Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the 
next, they had leapt back with howls of horror. 

Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa 
constrictors tank had vanished. The great snake was 
uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. 
People throughout the reptile house screamed and 
started running for the exits. 

As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have 
sworn a low, hissing voice said, Brazil, here I come. 
... Thanksss, amigo. 

The keeper of the reptile house was in shock. 



  31 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




But the glass, he kept saying, where did the glass 
go? " 

The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of 
strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over 
again. Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As far as 
Harry had seen, the snake hadnt done anything 
except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but 
by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernons car, 
Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off 
his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to 
squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at 
least, was Piers calming down enough to say, Harry 
was talking to it, werent you, Harry? 

Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the 
house before starting on Harry. He was so angry he 
could hardly speak. He managed to say, Go  
cupboard  stay  no meals, before he collapsed 
into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get 
him a large brandy. 

Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing 
he had a watch. He didnt know what time it was and 
he couldnt be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet. 

Until they were, he couldnt risk sneaking to the 
kitchen for some food. 

Hed lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten 
miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever 
since hed been a baby and his parents had died in 
that car crash. He couldnt remember being in the car 
when his parents had died. Sometimes, when he 
strained his memory during long hours in his 
cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a 
blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his 
forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though 
he couldnt imagine where all the green light came 
from. He couldnt remember his parents at all. His 
  32 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of 
course he was forbidden to ask questions. There were 
no photographs of them in the house. 

When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and 
dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take 
him away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys 
were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or 
maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to 
know him. Very strange strangers they were, too. A 
tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once 
while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. 
After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt 
Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without 
buying anything. A wildlooking old woman dressed 
all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. 

A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually 
shaken his hand in the street the other day and then 
walked away without a word. The weirdest thing 
about all these people was the way they seemed to 
vanish the second Harry tried to get a closer look. 

At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that 
Dudleys gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his 
baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody 
liked to disagree with Dudleys gang. 



  33 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




3 




THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE 

The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned 
Harry his longestever punishment. By the time he 
was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer 
holidays had started and Dudley had already broken 
his new video camera, crashed his remote control 
airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, 
knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet 
Drive on her crutches. 

Harry was glad school was over, but there was no 
escaping Dudleys gang, who visited the house every 
single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were 
all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and 
stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of 
them were all quite happy to join in Dudleys favorite 
sport: Harry Hunting. 

This was why Harry spent as much time as possible 
out of the house, wandering around and thinking 
about the end of the holidays, where he could see a 
tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be 
going off to secondary school and, for the first time in 
  34 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



his life, he wouldnt be with Dudley. Dudley had been 
accepted at Uncle Vernons old private school, 
Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Harry, 
on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the 
local public school. Dudley thought this was very 
funny. 

They stuff peoples heads down the toilet the first day 
at Stonewall, he told Harry. Want to come upstairs 
and practice? 

No, thanks, said Harry. The poor toilets never had 
anything as horrible as your head down it  it might 
be sick. Then he ran, before Dudley could work out 
what hed said. 

One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London 
to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. 
Figgs. Mrs. Figg wasnt as bad as usual. It turned out 
shed broken her leg tripping over one of her cats, and 
she didnt seem quite as fond of them as before. She 
let Harry watch television and gave him a bit of 
chocolate cake that tasted as though shed had it for 
several years. 

That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room 
for the family in his brandnew uniform. Smeltings 
boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, 
and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried 
knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the 
teachers werent looking. This was supposed to be 
good training for later life. 

As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, 
Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest 
moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and 
said she couldnt believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, 
he looked so handsome and grownup. Harry didnt 



  35 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




trust himself to speak. He thought two of his ribs 
might already have cracked from trying not to laugh. 



k k k 



There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next 
morning when Harry went in for breakfast. It seemed 
to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. He 
went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked 
like dirty rags swimming in gray water. 

Whats this? he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips 
tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a 
question. 

Your new school uniform, she said. 

Harry looked in the bowl again. 

Oh, he said, I didnt realize it had to be so wet. 

Dont be stupid, snapped Aunt Petunia. Im dyeing 
some of Dudleys old things gray for you. Itll look just 
like everyone elses when Ive finished. 

Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not 
to argue. He sat down at the table and tried not to 
think about how he was going to look on his first day 
at Stonewall High  like he was wearing bits of old 
elephant skin, probably. 

Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with 
wrinkled noses because of the smell from Harrys new 
uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as 
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which 
he carried everywhere, on the table. 

They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters 
on the doormat. 

  36 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Get the mail, Dudley, said Uncle Vernon from 
behind his paper. 

Make Harry get it. 

Get the mail, Harry. 

Make Dudley get it. 

Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley. 

Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the 
mail. Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard 
from Uncle Vernons sister Marge, who was 
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope 
that looked like a bill, and  a letter for Harry. 

Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging 
like a giant elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole 
life, had written to him. Who would? He had no 
friends, no other relatives  he didnt belong to the 
library, so hed never even got rude notes asking for 
books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so 
plainly there could be no mistake: 

Mr. H. Potter 

The Cupboard under the Stairs 
4 Privet Drive 
Little Whinging 
Surrey 

The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish 
parchment, and the address was written in emerald 
green ink. There was no stamp. 



  37 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry 
saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, 
an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large 
letter H. 

Hurry up, boy! shouted Uncle Vernon from the 
kitchen. What are you doing, checking for letter 
bombs? He chuckled at his own joke. 

Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his 
letter. He handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the 
postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the 
yellow envelope. 

Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, 
and flipped over the postcard. 

Marges ill, he informed Aunt Petunia. Ate a funny 
whelk ... 

Dad! said Dudley suddenly. Dad, Harrys got 
something! 

Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which 
was written on the same heavy parchment as the 
envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand 
by Uncle Vernon. 

Thats mine\ said Harry, trying to snatch it back. 

Whod be writing to you? sneered Uncle Vernon, 
shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at 
it. His face went from red to green faster than a set of 
traffic lights. And it didnt stop there. Within seconds 
it was the grayish white of old porridge. 

PPPetunia! he gasped. 



  38 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle 
Vernon held it high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia 
took it curiously and read the first line. For a moment 
it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her 
throat and made a choking noise. 

Vernon! Oh my goodness  Vernon! 

They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten 
that Harry and Dudley were still in the room. Dudley 
wasnt used to being ignored. He gave his father a 
sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick. 

I want to read that letter, he said loudly. 

I want to read it, said Harry furiously, as its mine. 

Get out, both of you, croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing 
the letter back inside its envelope. 

Harry didnt move. 

I WANT MY LETTER! he shouted. 

Let me see it! demanded Dudley. 

OUT! roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry 
and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw 
them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind 
them. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but 
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; 
Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one 
ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack 
between door and floor. 

Vernon, Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering 
voice, look at the address  how could they possibly 
know where he sleeps? You dont think theyre 
watching the house? 

  39 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Watching  spying  might be following us, 
muttered Uncle Vernon wildly. 

But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write 
back? Tell them we dont want   

Harry could see Uncle Vernons shiny black shoes 
pacing up and down the kitchen. 

No, he said finally. No, well ignore it. If they dont 
get an answer. ... Yes, thats best ... we wont do 
anything. ... 

But   

Im not having one in the house, Petunia! Didnt we 
swear when we took him in wed stamp out that 
dangerous nonsense? 

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle 
Vernon did something hed never done before; he 
visited Harry in his cupboard. 

Wheres my letter? said Harry, the moment Uncle 
Vernon had squeezed through the door. Whos 
writing to me? 

No one. It was addressed to you by mistake, said 
Uncle Vernon shortly. I have burned it. 

It was not a mistake, said Harry angrily, it had my 
cupboard on it. 

SILENCE! yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of 
spiders fell from the ceiling. He took a few deep 
breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which 
looked quite painful. 



  40 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Er  yes, Harry  about this cupboard. Your aunt 
and I have been thinking ... youre really getting a bit 
big for it . . . we think it might be nice if you moved 
into Dudleys second bedroom. 

Why? said Harry. 

Dont ask questions! snapped his uncle. Take this 
stuff upstairs, now. 

The Dursleys house had four bedrooms: one for 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors 
(usually Uncle Vernons sister, Marge), one where 
Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys 
and things that wouldnt fit into his first bedroom. It 
only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything 
he owned from the cupboard to this room. He sat 
down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly 
everything in here was broken. The monthold video 
camera was lying on top of a small, working tank 
Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbors 
dog; in the corner was Dudleys firstever television 
set, which hed put his foot through when his favorite 
program had been canceled; there was a large 
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley 
had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was 
up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley 
had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They 
were the only things in the room that looked as 
though theyd never been touched. 

From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling 
at his mother, I dont want him in there ... I need 
that room ... make him get out. ... 

Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday 
hed have given anything to be up here. Today hed 
rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than 
up here without it. 

  41 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. 
Dudley was in shock. Hed screamed, whacked his 
father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, 
kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through 
the greenhouse roof, and he still didnt have his room 
back. Harry was thinking about this time yesterday 
and bitterly wishing hed opened the letter in the hall. 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each 
other darkly. 

When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to 
be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get 
it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting 
stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, 
Theres another one! Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest 
Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive    

With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his 
seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. 
Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to 
get the letter from him, which was made difficult by 
the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around 
the neck from behind. After a minute of confused 
fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the 
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, 
gasping for breath, with Harrys letter clutched in his 
hand. 

Go to your cupboard  I mean, your bedroom, he 
wheezed at Harry. Dudley  go  just go. 

Harry walked round and round his new room. 
Someone knew he had moved out of his cupboard and 
they seemed to know he hadnt received his first 
letter. Surely that meant theyd try again? And this 
time hed make sure they didnt fail. He had a plan. 

The repaired alarm clock rang at six oclock the next 
morning. Harry turned it off quickly and dressed 

  42 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




silently. He mustnt wake the Dursleys. He stole 
downstairs without turning on any of the lights. 

He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of 
Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first. 
His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall 
toward the front door  

AAAAARRRGH !  

Harry leapt into the air; hed trodden on something 
big and squashy on the doormat  something alive\ 

Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry 
realized that the big, squashy something had been his 
uncles face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the foot 
of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making 
sure that Harry didnt do exactly what hed been 
trying to do. He shouted at Harry for about half an 
hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. 
Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by 
the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into 
Uncle Vernons lap. Harry could see three letters 
addressed in green ink. 

I want   he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing 
the letters into pieces before his eyes. 

Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. He stayed at 
home and nailed up the mail slot. 

See, he explained to Aunt Petunia through a 
mouthful of nails, if they cant deliver them theyll 
just give up. 

Im not sure thatll work, Vernon. 

Oh, these peoples minds work in strange ways, 
Petunia, theyre not like you and me, said Uncle 

  43 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of 
fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him. 

On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for 
Harry. As they couldnt go through the mail slot they 
had been pushed under the door, slotted through the 
sides, and a few even forced through the small 
window in the downstairs bathroom. 

Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all 
the letters, he got out a hammer and nails and 
boarded up the cracks around the front and back 
doors so no one could go out. He hummed Tiptoe 
Through the Tulips as he worked, and jumped at 
small noises. 

On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. 
Twentyfour letters to Harry found their way into the 
house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two 
dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had 
handed Aunt Petunia through the living room 
window. While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone 
calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find 
someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the 
letters in her food processor. 

Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly? 
Dudley asked Harry in amazement. 



k k k 



On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the 
breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy. 

No post on Sundays, he reminded them cheerfully 
as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, no 
damn letters today   



  44 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney 
as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of 
the head. Next moment, thirty or forty letters came 
pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys 
ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch 
one  

Out! OUT! 

Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and 
threw him into the hall. When Aunt Petunia and 
Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, 
Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could 
hear the letters still streaming into the room, 
bouncing off the walls and floor. 

That does it, said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak 
calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at 
the same time. I want you all back here in five 
minutes ready to leave. Were going away. Just pack 
some clothes. No arguments! 

He looked so dangerous with half his mustache 
missing that no one dared argue. Ten minutes later 
they had wrenched their way through the boardedup 
doors and were in the car, speeding toward the 
highway. Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his 
father had hit him round the head for holding them 
up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and 
computer in his sports bag. 

They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didnt 
dare ask where they were going. Every now and then 
Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in 
the opposite direction for a while. 

Shake em off ... shake em off, he would mutter 
whenever he did this. 



  45 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They didnt stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall 
Dudley was howling. Hed never had such a bad day 
in his life. He was hungry, hed missed five television 
programs hed wanted to see, and hed never gone so 
long without blowing up an alien on his computer. 

Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy 
looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. Dudley 
and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, 
musty sheets. Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, 
sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of 
passing cars and wondering... 

They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on 
toast for breakfast the next day. They had just 
finished when the owner of the hotel came over to 
their table. 

 Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I 
got about an undred of these at the front desk. 

She held up a letter so they could read the green ink 
address: 

Mr. H. Potter 

Room 1 7 

Railview Hotel 

Cokeworth 

Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon 
knocked his hand out of the way. The woman stared. 

Ill take them, said Uncle Vernon, standing up 
quickly and following her from the dining room. 

k k k 

  46 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Wouldnt it be better just to go home, dear? Aunt 
Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle 
Vernon didnt seem to hear her. Exactly what he was 
looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into 
the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook 
his head, got back in the car, and off they went again. 
The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed 
field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the 
top of a multilevel parking garage. 

Daddys gone mad, hasnt he? Dudley asked Aunt 
Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had 
parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, 
and disappeared. 

It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the 
car. Dudley sniveled. 

Its Monday, he told his mother. The Great 
Humbertos on tonight. I want to stay somewhere with 
a television. 

Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was 
Monday  and you could usually count on Dudley to 
know the days of the week, because of television  
then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harrys eleventh 
birthday. Of course, his birthdays were never exactly 
fun  last year, the Dursleys had given him a coat 
hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernons old socks. Still, 
you werent eleven every day. 

Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was 
also carrying a long, thin package and didnt answer 
Aunt Petunia when she asked what hed bought. 

Found the perfect place! he said. Come on! 

Everyone out! 



  47 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was 
pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at 
sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most 
miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing 
was certain, there was no television in there. 

Storm forecast for tonight! said Uncle Vernon 
gleefully, clapping his hands together. And this 
gentlemans kindly agreed to lend us his boat! 

A toothless old man came ambling up to them, 
pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat 
bobbing in the irongray water below them. 

Ive already got us some rations, said Uncle Vernon, 
so all aboard! 

It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain 
crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped 
their faces. After what seemed like hours they 
reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and 
sliding, led the way to the brokendown house. 

The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of 
seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the 
wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. 
There were only two rooms. 

Uncle Vernons rations turned out to be a bag of chips 
each and four bananas. He tried to start a fire but the 
empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up. 

Could do with some of those letters now, eh? he said 
cheerfully. 

He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought 
nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a 
storm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed, though 
the thought didnt cheer him up at all. 

  48 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




As night fell, the promised storm blew up around 
them. Spray from the high waves splattered the walls 
of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy 
windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in 
the second room and made up a bed for Dudley on 
the motheaten sofa. She and Uncle Vernon went off 
to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find 
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under 
the thinnest, most ragged blanket. 

The storm raged more and more ferociously as the 
night went on. Harry couldnt sleep. He shivered and 
turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach 
rumbling with hunger. Dudleys snores were drowned 
by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. 
The lighted dial of Dudleys watch, which was 
dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told 
Harry hed be eleven in ten minutes time. He lay and 
watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the 
Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the 
letter writer was now. 

Five minutes to go. Harry heard something creak 
outside. He hoped the roof wasnt going to fall in, 
although he might be warmer if it did. Four minutes 
to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so 
full of letters when they got back that hed be able to 
steal one somehow. 

Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard 
on the rock like that? And (two minutes to go) what 
was that funny crunching noise? Was the rock 
crumbling into the sea? 

One minute to go and hed be eleven. Thirty seconds 
... twenty ... ten ... nine  maybe hed wake Dudley 
up, just to annoy him  three ... two ... one ... 

BOOM. 

  49 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, 
staring at the door. Someone was outside, knocking 
to come in. 



  50 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS 

BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake. 

Wheres the cannon? he said stupidly. 

There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon 
came skidding into the room. He was holding a rifle in 
his hands  now they knew what had been in the 
long, thin package he had brought with them. 

Whos there? he shouted. I warn you  Im armed! 

There was a pause. Then  

SMASH! 

The door was hit with such force that it swung clean 
off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat 
on the floor. 

A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His 
face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy 
mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could 

  51 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under 
all the hair. 

The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so 
that his head just brushed the ceiling. He bent down, 
picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its 
frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a little. 
He turned to look at them all. 

Couldnt make us a cup o tea, could yeh? Its not 
been an easy journey. ... 

He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen 
with fear. 

Budge up, yeh great lump, said the stranger. 

Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, 
who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon. 

An heres Harry! said the giant. 

Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face 
and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile. 

Las time I saw you, you was only a baby, said the 
giant. Yeh look a lot like yer dad, but yehve got yer 
moms eyes. 

Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise. 

I demand that you leave at once, sir! he said. You 
are breaking and entering! 

Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune, said the 
giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the 
gun out of Uncle Vernons hands, bent it into a knot 
as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw 
it into a corner of the room. 

  52 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a 
mouse being trodden on. 

Anyway  Harry, said the giant, turning his back 
on the Dursleys, a very happy birthday to yeh. Got 
summat fer yeh here  I mighta sat on it at some 
point, but itll taste all right. 

From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled 
a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it with 
trembling fingers. Inside was a large, sticky chocolate 
cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green 
icing. 

Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank 
you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, 
and what he said instead was, Who are you? 

The giant chuckled. 

True, I havent introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, 
Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. 

He held out an enormous hand and shook Harrys 
whole arm. 

What about that tea then, eh? he said, rubbing his 
hands together. Id not say no ter summat stronger if 
yehve got it, mind. 

His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled 
chip bags in it and he snorted. He bent down over the 
fireplace; they couldnt see what he was doing but 
when he drew back a second later, there was a 
roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with 
flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over 
him as though hed sunk into a hot bath. 



  53 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged 
under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things 
out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a 
squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, 
several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber 
liquid that he took a swig from before starting to 
make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and 
smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while 
the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, 
juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley 
fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, Dont 
touch anything he gives you, Dudley. 

The giant chuckled darkly. 

Yer great puddin of a son don need fattenin 
anymore, Dursley, don worry. 

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry 
he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he 
still couldnt take his eyes off the giant. Finally, as 
nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said, 
Im sorry, but I still dont really know who you are. 

The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with 
the back of his hand. 

Call me Hagrid, he said, everyone does. An like I 
told yeh, Im Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts  yehll 
know all about Hogwarts, o course. 

Er  no, said Harry. 

Hagrid looked shocked. 

Sorry, Harry said quickly. 

Sorry? barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the 
Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows. Its 

  54 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




them as should be sorry! I knew yeh werent gettin 
yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldnt even 
know abou Hogwarts, fer cryin out loud! Did yeh 
never wonder where yer parents learned it all? 

All what? asked Harry. 

ALL WHAT? Hagrid thundered. Now wait jus one 
second! 

He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill 
the whole hut. The Dursleys were cowering against 
the wall. 

Do you mean ter tell me, he growled at the Dursleys, 
that this boy  this boy!  knows nothin abou  
about ANYTHING? 

Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to 
school, after all, and his marks werent bad. 

I know some things, he said. I can, you know, do 
math and stuff. 

But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, About 
our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Yer parents 
world. 

What world? 

Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode. 
DURSLEY! he boomed. 

Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered 
something that sounded like Mimblewimble. Hagrid 
stared wildly at Harry. 



  55 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




But yeh must know about yer mom and dad, he 
said. I mean, theyre famous. Youre famous. 

What? My  my mom and dad werent famous, were 
they? 

Yeh don know ... yeh don know ... Hagrid ran his 
fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a 
bewildered stare. 

Yeh don know what yeh are? he said finally. 

Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice. 

Stop! he commanded. Stop right there, sir! I forbid 
you to tell the boy anything! 

A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have 
quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; 
when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with 
rage. 

You never told him? Never told him what was in the 
letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw 
Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An youve kept it from 
him all these years? 

Kept what from me? said Harry eagerly. 

STOP! I FORBID YOU! yelled Uncle Vernon in panic. 

Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror. 

Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh, said Hagrid. 
Harry  yer a wizard. 

There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and 
the whistling wind could be heard. 



  56 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Im a what? gasped Harry. 



A wizard, o course, said Hagrid, sitting back down 
on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, an 
a thumpin goodun, Id say, once yehve been trained 
up a bit. With a mum an dad like yours, what else 
would yeh be? An I reckon its abou time yeh read 
yer letter. 

Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the 
yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. 
H. Potter, The Floor, HutontheRock, The Sea. He 
pulled out the letter and read: 

HOGWARTS SCHOOL 
o/WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY 

Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE 

(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sore., Chf. 

Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of 
Wizards) 

Dear Mr. Potter, 

We are pleased to inform you that you have been 
accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary 
books and equipment. 

Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no 
later than July 31. 

Yours sincerely, 

Minerva McGonagall, 

Deputy Headmistress 



  57 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Questions exploded inside Harrys head like fireworks 
and he couldnt decide which to ask first. After a few 
minutes he stammered, What does it mean, they 
await my owl? 

Gallopin Gorgons, that reminds me, said Hagrid, 
clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to 
knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket 
inside his overcoat he pulled an owl  a real, live, 
rather ruffledlooking owl  a long quill, and a roll of 
parchment. With his tongue between his teeth he 
scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down: 

Dear Professor Dumbledore, 

Given Harry his letter. 

Taking him to buy his things tomorrow. 

Weathers horrible. Hope youre well. 

Hagrid 

Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which 
clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw 
the owl out into the storm. Then he came back and 
sat down as though this was as normal as talking on 
the telephone. 

Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it 
quickly. 

Where was I? said Hagrid, but at that moment, 

Uncle Vernon, still ashenfaced but looking very 
angry, moved into the firelight. 

Hes not going, he said. 

Hagrid grunted. 

  58 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Id like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him, he 
said. 



A what? said Harry, interested. 

A Muggle, said Hagrid, its what we call nonmagic 
folk like them. An its your bad luck you grew up in a 
family o the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on. 

We swore when we took him in wed put a stop to 
that rubbish, said Uncle Vernon, swore wed stamp 
it out of him! Wizard indeed! 

You knew? said Harry. You knew Im a  a 
wizard? 

Knew! shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. Knew\ Of 
course we knew! How could you not be, my dratted 
sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just 
like that and disappeared off to that  that school  
and came home every vacation with her pockets full 
of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats. I was the 
only one who saw her for what she was  a freak! 

But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this 
and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in 
the family! 

She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went 
ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to say all 
this for years. 

Then she met that Potter at school and they left and 
got married and had you, and of course I knew youd 
be just the same, just as strange, just as  as  
abnormal  and then, if you please, she went and got 
herself blown up and we got landed with you! 



  59 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry had gone very white. As soon as he found his 
voice he said, Blown up? You told me they died in a 
car crash! 

CAR CRASH! roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily 
that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner. How 
could a car crash kill Lily an James Potter? Its an 
outrage! A scandal! Harry Potter not knowin his own 
story when every kid in our world knows his name! 

But why? What happened? Harry asked urgently. 

The anger faded from Hagrids face. He looked 
suddenly anxious. 

I never expected this, he said, in a low, worried 
voice. I had no idea, when Dumbledore told me there 
might be trouble gettin hold of yeh, how much yeh 
didnt know. Ah, Harry, I don know if Im the right 
person ter tell yeh  but someones gotta  yeh cant 
go off ter Hogwarts not knowin. 

He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys. 

Well, its best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh  
mind, I cant tell yeh everythin, its a great mystry, 
parts of it. ... 

He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, 
and then said, It begins, I suppose, with  with a 
person called  but its incredible yeh dont know his 
name, everyone in our world knows   

Who? 

Well  I don like sayin the name if I can help it. No 
one does. 

Why not? 

  60 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Gulpin gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared. 
Blimey, this is difficult. See, there was this wizard 
who went ... bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. 
Worse than worse. His name was ... 

Hagrid gulped, but no words came out. 

Could you write it down? Harry suggested. 

Nah  cant spell it. All right  Voldemort. Hagrid 
shuddered. Don make me say it again. Anyway, this 
 this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started 
lookin fer followers. Got em, too  some were afraid, 
some just wanted a bit o his power, cause he was 
gettin himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry. 
Didnt know who ter trust, didnt dare get friendly 
with strange wizards or witches . . . terrible things 
happened. He was takin over. Course, some stood up 
to him  an he killed em. Horribly. One o the only 
safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledores 
the only one YouKnowWho was afraid of. Didnt dare 
try takin the school, not jus then, anyway. 

Now, yer mum an dad were as good a witch an 
wizard as I ever knew. Head boy an girl at Hogwarts 
in their day! Suppose the mystry is why YouKnow 
Who never tried to get em on his side before . . . 
probably knew they were too close ter Dumbledore ter 
want anythin ter do with the Dark Side. 

Maybe he thought he could persuade em ... maybe 
he just wanted em outta the way. All anyone knows 
is, he turned up in the village where you was all 
living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a 
year old. He came ter yer house an  an   

Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted 
handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a 
foghorn. 

  61 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Sorry, he said. But its that sad  knew yer mum 
an dad, an nicer people yeh couldnt find  anyway 



YouKnowWho killed em. An then  an this is the 
real mystry of the thing  he tried to kill you, too. 
Wanted ter make a clean job of it, I suppose, or 
maybe he just liked killin by then. But he couldnt do 
it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer 
forehead? That was no ordinary cut. Thats what yeh 
get when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh  took 
care of yer mum an dad an yer house, even  but it 
didnt work on you, an thats why yer famous, Harry. 
No one ever lived after he decided ter kill em, no one 
except you, an hed killed some o the best witches 
an wizards of the age  the McKinnons, the Bones, 
the Prewetts  an you was only a baby, an you 
lived. 

Something very painful was going on in Harrys mind. 
As Hagrids story came to a close, he saw again the 
blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had 
ever remembered it before  and he remembered 
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, 
cold, cruel laugh. 

Hagrid was watching him sadly. 

Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on 
Dumbledores orders. Brought yeh ter this lot ... 

Load of old tosh, said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; 
he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. 
Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to have got back his 
courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were 
clenched. 

Now, you listen here, boy, he snarled, I accept 
theres something strange about you, probably 

  62 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




nothing a good beating wouldnt have cured  and as 
for all this about your parents, well, they were 
weirdos, no denying it, and the worlds better off 
without them in my opinion  asked for all they got, 
getting mixed up with these wizarding types  just 
what I expected, always knew theyd come to a sticky 
end   

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and 
drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat. 
Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, 
Im warning you, Dursley  Im warning you  one 
more word ... 

In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella 
by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernons courage failed 
again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell 
silent. 

Thats better, said Hagrid, breathing heavily and 
sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged 
right down to the floor. 

Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, 
hundreds of them. 

But what happened to Vol, sorry  I mean, You 
KnowWho? 

Good question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same 
night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more 
famous. Thats the biggest mystry, see ... he was 
gettin more an more powerful  whyd he go? 

Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno 
if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say 
hes still out there, bidin his time, like, but I don 
believe it. People who was on his side came back ter 



  63 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




ours. Some of em came outta kinda trances. Don 
reckon they couldve done if he was cornin back. 

Most of us reckon hes still out there somewhere but 
lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. Cause 
somethin about you finished him, Harry. There was 
somethin goin on that night he hadnt counted on  
/ dunno what it was, no one does  but somethin 
about you stumped him, all right. 

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect 
blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling 
pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a 
horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he 
possibly be? Hed spent his life being clouted by 
Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle 
Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadnt they 
been turned into warty toads every time theyd tried 
to lock him in his cupboard? If hed once defeated the 
greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley had 
always been able to kick him around like a football? 

Hagrid, he said quietly, I think you must have 
made a mistake. I dont think I can be a wizard. 

To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled. 

Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when 
you was scared or angry? 

Harry looked into the fire. Now he came to think 
about it . . . every odd thing that had ever made his 
aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when 
he, Harry, had been upset or angry ... chased by 
Dudleys gang, he had somehow found himself out of 
their reach . . . dreading going to school with that 
ridiculous haircut, hed managed to make it grow 
back . . . and the very last time Dudley had hit him, 



  64 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




hadnt he got his revenge, without even realizing he 
was doing it? Hadnt he set a boa constrictor on him? 



Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that 
Hagrid was positively beaming at him. 

See? said Hagrid. Harry Potter, not a wizard  you 
wait, youll be right famous at Hogwarts. 

But Uncle Vernon wasnt going to give in without a 
fight. 

Havent I told you hes not going? he hissed. Hes 
going to Stonewall High and hell be grateful for it. Ive 
read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish  
spell books and wands and   

If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you wont stop 
him, growled Hagrid. Stop Lily an James Potters 
son goin ter Hogwarts! Yer mad. His names been 
down ever since he was born. Hes off ter the finest 
school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven 
years there and he wont know himself. Hell be with 
youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an hell be 
under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had, 
Albus Dumbled   

I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD 
FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS! yelled Uncle 
Vernon. 

But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his 
umbrella and whirled it over his head, NEVER   he 
thundered,  INSULT  ALBUS  DUMBLEDORE 
 IN  FRONT  OF  ME! 

He brought the umbrella swishing down through the 
air to point at Dudley  there was a flash of violet 
light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and 

  65 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with 
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in 
pain. When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a 
curly pigs tail poking through a hole in his trousers. 

Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and 
Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified 
look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them. 

Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his 
beard. 

Shouldnta lost me temper, he said ruefully, but it 
didnt work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, 
but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there 
wasnt much left ter do. 

He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy 
eyebrows. 

Be grateful if yeh didnt mention that ter anyone at 
Hogwarts, he said. Im  er  not supposed ter do 
magic, strictly speakin. I was allowed ter do a bit ter 
follow yeh an get yer letters to yeh an stuff  one o 
the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job   

Why arent you supposed to do magic? asked Harry. 

Oh, well  I was at Hogwarts meself but I  er  
got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. 
They snapped me wand in half an everything. But 
Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great 
man, Dumbledore. 

Why were you expelled? 

Its gettin late and weve got lots ter do tomorrow, 
said Hagrid loudly. Gotta get up ter town, get all yer 
books an that. 

  66 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry. 



You can kip under that, he said. Don mind if it 
wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o dormice in 
one o the pockets. 



  67 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   





DIAGON ALLY 

Harry woke early the next morning. Although he 
could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight. 

It was a dream, he told himself firmly. I dreamed a 
giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a 
school for wizards. When I open my eyes Ill be at 
home in my cupboard. 

There was suddenly a loud tapping noise. 

And theres Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry 
thought, his heart sinking. But he still didnt open his 
eyes. It had been such a good dream. 

Tap. Tap. Tap. 

All right, Harry mumbled, Im getting up. 

He sat up and Hagrid s heavy coat fell off him. The 
hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid 
himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there 



  68 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a 
newspaper held in its beak. 

Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as 
though a large balloon was swelling inside him. He 
went straight to the window and jerked it open. The 
owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of 
Hagrid, who didnt wake up. The owl then fluttered 
onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid s coat. 

Dont do that. 

Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it 
snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on 
savaging the coat. 

Hagrid! said Harry loudly. Theres an owl   

Pay him, Hagrid grunted into the sofa. 

What? 

He wants payin fer deliverin the paper. Look in the 
pockets. 

Hagrid s coat seemed to be made of nothing but 
pockets  bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of 
string, peppermint humbugs, teabags ... finally, Harry 
pulled out a handful of strangelooking coins. 

Give him five Knuts, said Hagrid sleepily. 

Knuts? 

The little bronze ones. 

Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl 
held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a 



  69 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




small leather pouch tied to it. Then he flew off 
through the open window. 

Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched. 

Best be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter 
London an buy all yer stuff fer school. 

Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking 
at them. He had just thought of something that made 
him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had 
got a puncture. 

Urn  Hagrid? 

Mm? said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge 
boots. 

I havent got any money  and you heard Uncle 
Vernon last night ... he wont pay for me to go and 
learn magic. 

Dont worry about that, said Hagrid, standing up 
and scratching his head. Dyeh think yer parents 
didnt leave yeh anything? 

But if their house was destroyed   

They didn keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, 
first stop fer us is Gringotts. Wizards bank. Have a 
sausage, theyre not bad cold  an I wouldn say no 
teh a bit o yer birthday cake, neither. 

Wizards have banks? 

Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins. 

Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding. 



  70 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Goblins? 



Yeah  so yehd be mad ter try an rob it, Ill tell yeh 
that. Never mess with goblins, Harry. Gringotts is the 
safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter 
keep safe  cept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o 
fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway Fer Dumbledore. 
Hogwarts business. Hagrid drew himself up proudly. 
He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. 
Fetchin you  gettin things from Gringotts  knows 
he can trust me, see. 

Got everythin? Come on, then. 

Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was 
quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. 
The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was still there, with 
a lot of water in the bottom after the storm. 

How did you get here? Harry asked, looking around 
for another boat. 

Flew, said Hagrid. 

Flew? 

Yeah  but well go back in this. Not spposed ter 
use magic now Ive got yeh. 

They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at 
Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying. 

Seems a shame ter row, though, said Hagrid, giving 
Harry another of his sideways looks. If I was ter  er 
 speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not 
mentionin it at Hogwarts? 

Of course not, said Harry, eager to see more magic. 
Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it 

  71 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward 
land. 

Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts? 
Harry asked. 

Spells  enchantments, said Hagrid, unfolding his 
newspaper as he spoke. They say theres dragons 
guardin the highsecurity vaults. And then yeh gotta 
find yer way  Gringotts is hundreds of miles under 
London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yehd die 
of hunger tryin ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter 
get yer hands on summat. 

Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read 
his newspaper, the Daily Prophet Harry had learned 
from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone 
while they did this, but it was very difficult, hed 
never had so many questions in his life. 

Ministry o Magic messin things up as usual, Hagrid 
muttered, turning the . 

Theres a Ministry of Magic? Harry asked, before he 
could stop himself. 

 Course, said Hagrid. They wanted Dumbledore fer 
Minister, o course, but hed never leave Hogwarts, so 
old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there 
was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every 
morning, askin fer advice. 

But what does a Ministry of Magic do? 

Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles 
that theres still witches an wizards up an down the 
country. 

Why? 

  72 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Why? Blimey, Harry, everyone d be wantin magic 
solutions to their problems. Nah, were best left 
alone. 

At this moment the boat bumped gently into the 
harbor wall. Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and 
they clambered up the stone steps onto the street. 

Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked 
through the little town to the station. Harry couldnt 
blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as 
anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary 
things like parking meters and saying loudly, See 
that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh? 

Hagrid, said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep 
up, did you say there are dragons at Gringotts? 

Well, so they say, said Hagrid. Crikey, Id like a 
dragon. 

Youd like one? 

Wanted one ever since I was a kid  here we go. 

They had reached the station. There was a train to 
London in five minutes time. Hagrid, who didnt 
understand Muggle money, as he called it, gave the 
bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets. 

People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid 
took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a 
canaryyellow circus tent. 

Still got yer letter, Harry? he asked as he counted 
stitches. 

Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket. 



  73 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Good, said Hagrid. Theres a list there of everything 
yeh need. 



Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadnt 
noticed the night before, and read: 

HOGWARTS SCHOOL 
o/WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY 

UNIFORM 



Firstyear students will require: 

1 . Three sets of plain work robes (black) 

2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 

3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or 
similar) 

4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings) 

Please note that all pupils clothes should carry name 
tags 



COURSE BOOKS 



All students should have a copy of each of the 
following: 

The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda 
Goshawk 

A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot 

Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling 

A Beginners Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric 
Switch 

  74 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida 
Spore 

Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger 

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt 
Scamander 

The Dark Forces: A Guide to SelfProtection by Quentin 
Trimble 



OTHER EQUIPMENT 



1 wand 

1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 

1 set glass or crystal phials 
1 telescope 
1 set brass scales 

Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad 

PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE 
NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS 

Can we buy all this in London? Harry wondered 
aloud. 

If yeh know where to go, said Hagrid. 

Harry had never been to London before. Although 
Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he was 
obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary 
way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the 
Underground, and complained loudly that the seats 
were too small and the trains too slow. 

  75 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I dont know how the Muggles manage without 
magic, he said as they climbed a brokendown 
escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with 
shops. 

Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; 
all Harry had to do was keep close behind him. They 
passed book shops and music stores, hamburger 
restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as 
if it could sell you a magic wand. This was just an 
ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there 
really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath 
them? Were there really shops that sold spell books 
and broomsticks? Might this not all be some huge 
joke that the Dursleys had cooked up? If Harry hadnt 
known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he 
might have thought so; yet somehow, even though 
everything Hagrid had told him so far was 
unbelievable, Harry couldnt help trusting him. 

This is it, said Hagrid, coming to a halt, the Leaky 
Cauldron. Its a famous place. 

It was a tiny, grubbylooking pub. If Hagrid hadnt 
pointed it out, Harry wouldnt have noticed it was 
there. The people hurrying by didnt glance at it. Their 
eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the 
record shop on the other as if they couldnt see the 
Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most 
peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it. 
Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered him 
inside. 

For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A 
few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny 
glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long 
pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old 
bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a 
toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped 
  76 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know 
Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the 
bartender reached for a glass, saying, The usual, 
Hagrid? 

Cant, Tom, Im on Hogwarts business, said Hagrid, 
clapping his great hand on Harrys shoulder and 
making Harrys knees buckle. 

Good Lord, said the bartender, peering at Harry, is 
this  can this be  ? 

The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely 
still and silent. 

Bless my soul, whispered the old bartender, Harry 
Potter ... what an honor. 

He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward 
Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes. 

Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back. 

Harry didnt know what to say. Everyone was looking 
at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it 
without realizing it had gone out. Hagrid was 
beaming. 

Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the 
next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands 
with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron. 

Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, cant believe Im meeting 
you at last. 

So proud, Mr. Potter, Im just so proud. 

Always wanted to shake your hand  Im all of a 
flutter. 

  77 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Delighted, Mr. Potter, just cant tell you, Diggles the 
name, Dedalus Diggle. 

Ive seen you before! said Harry, as Dedalus Diggles 
top hat fell off in his excitement. You bowed to me 
once in a shop. 

He remembers! cried Dedalus Diggle, looking 
around at everyone. Did you hear that? He 
remembers me! 

Harry shook hands again and again  Doris 
Crockford kept coming back for more. 

A pale young man made his way forward, very 
nervously. One of his eyes was twitching. 

Professor Quirrell! said Hagrid. Harry, Professor 
Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts. 

PPPotter, stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping 
Harrys hand, ccant ttell you how ppleased I am to 
meet you. 

What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell? 

DDefense Against the DDDark Arts, muttered 
Professor Quirrell, as though hed rather not think 
about it. Nnot that you nneed it, eh, PPPotter? 

He laughed nervously. Youll be ggetting all your 
equipment, I suppose? Ive ggot to ppick up a new b 
book on vampires, mmyself. He looked terrified at 
the very thought. 

But the others wouldnt let Professor Quirrell keep 
Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get 
away from them all. At last, Hagrid managed to make 
himself heard over the babble. 



  78 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Must get on  lots ter buy. Come on, Harry. 

Doris Crockford shook Harrys hand one last time, 
and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a 
small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but 
a trash can and a few weeds. 

Hagrid grinned at Harry. 

Told yeh, didnt I? Told yeh you was famous. Even 
Professor Quirrell was tremblin ter meet yeh  mind 
you, hes usually tremblin. 

Is he always that nervous? 

Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine 
while he was studyin outta books but then he took a 
year off ter get some firsthand experience. ... They say 
he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there was a 
nasty bit o trouble with a hag  never been the same 
since. Scared of the students, scared of his own 
subject  now, wheres me umbrella? 

Vampires? Hags? Harrys head was swimming. 

Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall 
above the trash can. 

Three up ... two across ... he muttered. Right, 
stand back, Harry. 

He tapped the wall three times with the point of his 
umbrella. 

The brick he had touched quivered  it wriggled  in 
the middle, a small hole appeared  it grew wider 
and wider  a second later they were facing an 
archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway 
onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of 
sight. 

  79 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Welcome, said Hagrid, to Diagon Alley. 

He grinned at Harrys amazement. They stepped 
through the archway. Harry looked quickly over his 
shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back 
into solid wall. 

The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons 
outside the nearest shop. Cauldrons  All Sizes  
Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver  SelfStirring  
Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them. 

Yeah, youll be needin one, said Hagrid, but we 
gotta get yer money first. 

Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He 
turned his head in every direction as they walked up 
the street, trying to look at everything at once: the 
shops, the things outside them, the people doing their 
shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary 
was shaking her head as they passed, saying, 

Dragon liver, sixteen Sickles an ounce, theyre mad. 

A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign 
saying Eeylops Owl Emporium  Tawny, Screech, 
Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of about 
Harrys age had their noses pressed against a window 
with broomsticks in it. Look, Harry heard one of 
them say, the new Nimbus Two Thousand  fastest 
ever   There were shops selling robes, shops selling 
telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had 
never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of 
bat spleens and eels eyes, tottering piles of spell 
books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, 
globes of the moon. ... 

Gringotts, said Hagrid. 



  80 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They had reached a snowy white building that 
towered over the other little shops. Standing beside 
its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of 
scarlet and gold, was  

Yeah, thats a goblin, said Hagrid quietly as they 
walked up the white stone steps toward him. The 
goblin was about a head shorter than Harry. He had a 
swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry 
noticed, very long fingers and feet. He bowed as they 
walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of 
doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon 
them: 

Enter, stranger, but take heed 

Of what awaits the sin of greed, 

For those who take, but do not earn, 

Must pay most dearly in their turn. 

So if you seek beneath our floors 

A treasure that was never yours, 

Thief, you have been warned, beware 

Of finding more than treasure there. 

Like I said, yehd be mad ter try an rob it, said 
Hagrid. 

A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors 
and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred 
more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long 
counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in 
brass scales, examining precious stones through 
eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count 
  81 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were 
showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry 
made for the counter. 

Morning, said Hagrid to a free goblin. Weve come 
ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potters safe. 

You have his key, sir? 

Got it here somewhere, said Hagrid, and he started 
emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a 
handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblins book of 
numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Harry 
watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of 
rubies as big as glowing coals. 

Got it, said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden 
key. 

The goblin looked at it closely. 

That seems to be in order. 

An Ive also got a letter here from Professor 
Dumbledore, said Hagrid importantly, throwing out 
his chest. Its about the YouKnowWhat in vault 
seven hundred and thirteen. 

The goblin read the letter carefully. 

Very well, he said, handing it back to Hagrid, I will 
have someone take you down to both vaults. 
Griphook! 

Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had 
crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, 
he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the 
doors leading off the hall. 



  82 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Whats the YouKnowWhat in vault seven hundred 
and thirteen? Harry asked. 

Cant tell yeh that, said Hagrid mysteriously. Very 
secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledores trusted me. 
Moren my jobs worth ter tell yeh that. 

Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who 
had expected more marble, was surprised. They were 
in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming 
torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were 
little railway tracks on the floor. Griphook whistled 
and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward 
them. They climbed in  Hagrid with some difficulty 
 and were off. 

At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting 
passages. Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, 
left, middle fork, right, left, but it was impossible. The 
rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because 
Griphook wasnt steering. 

Harrys eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, 
but he kept them wide open. Once, he thought he saw 
a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted 
around to see if it was a dragon, but too late  they 
plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake 
where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the 
ceiling and floor. 

I never know, Harry called to Hagrid over the noise 
of the cart, whats the difference between a 
stalagmite and a stalactite? 

Stalagmites got an m in it, said Hagrid. An don 
ask me questions just now, I think Im gonna be 
sick. 



  83 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at 
last beside a small door in the passage wall, Hagrid 
got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his 
knees from trembling. 

Griphook unlocked the door. A lot of green smoke 
came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped. 
Inside were mounds of gold coins. Columns of silver. 
Heaps of little bronze Knuts. 

All yours, smiled Hagrid. 

All Harrys  it was incredible. The Dursleys couldnt 
have known about this or theyd have had it from him 
faster than blinking. How often had they complained 
how much Harry cost them to keep? And all the time 
there had been a small fortune belonging to him, 
buried deep under London. 

Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag. 

The gold ones are Galleons, he explained. 

Seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twentynine 
Knuts to a Sickle, its easy enough. Right, that should 
be enough fer a couple o terms, well keep the rest 
safe for yeh. He turned to Griphook. Vault seven 
hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go 
more slowly? 

One speed only, said Griphook. 

They were going even deeper now and gathering 
speed. The air became colder and colder as they 
hurtled round tight corners. They went rattling over 
an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the 
side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, 
but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff 
of his neck. 



  84 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole. 

Stand back, said Griphook importantly. He stroked 
the door gently with one of his long fingers and it 
simply melted away. 

If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, theyd be 
sucked through the door and trapped in there, said 
Griphook. 

How often do you check to see if anyones inside? 
Harry asked. 

About once every ten years, said Griphook with a 
rather nasty grin. 

Something really extraordinary had to be inside this 
top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned 
forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at 
the very least  but at first he thought it was empty. 
Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up 
in brown paper lying on the floor. Hagrid picked it up 
and tucked it deep inside his coat. Harry longed to 
know what it was, but knew better than to ask. 

Come on, back in this infernal cart, and dont talk to 
me on the way back, its best if I keep me mouth 
shut, said Hagrid. 



One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the 
sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didnt know where 
to run first now that he had a bag full of money. He 
didnt have to know how many Galleons there were to 
a pound to know that he was holding more money 
than hed had in his whole life  more money than 
even Dudley had ever had. 



  85 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Might as well get yer uniform, said Hagrid, nodding 
toward Madam Malkins Robes for All Occasions. 
Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a 
pickmeup in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them 
Gringotts carts. He did still look a bit sick, so Harry 
entered Madam Malkins shop alone, feeling nervous. 

Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all 
in mauve. 

Hogwarts, dear? she said, when Harry started to 
speak. Got the lot here  another young man being 
fitted up just now, in fact. 

In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed 
face was standing on a footstool while a second witch 
pinned up his long black robes. Madam Malkin stood 
Harry on a stool next to him, slipped a long robe over 
his head, and began to pin it to the right length. 

Hello, said the boy, Hogwarts, too? 

Yes, said Harry. 

My fathers next door buying my books and mothers 
up the street looking at wands, said the boy. He had 
a bored, drawling voice. Then Im going to drag them 
off to look at racing brooms. I dont see why first years 
cant have their own. I think Ill bully father into 
getting me one and Ill smuggle it in somehow. 

Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley. 

Have you got your own broom? the boy went on. 

No, said Harry. 

Play Quidditch at all? 



  86 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




No, Harry said again, wondering what on earth 
Quidditch could be. 

 I do  Father says its a crime if Im not picked to 
play for my House, and I must say, I agree. Know 
what House you 11 be in yet? 

No, said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute. 

Well, no one really knows until they get there, do 
they, but I know Ill be in Slytherin, all our family 
have been  imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think Id 
leave, wouldnt you? 

Mmm, said Harry, wishing he could say something a 
bit more interesting. 

I say, look at that man! said the boy suddenly, 
nodding toward the front window. Hagrid was 
standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two 
large ice creams to show he couldnt come in. 

Thats Hagrid, said Harry, pleased to know 
something the boy didnt. He works at Hogwarts. 

Oh, said the boy, Ive heard of him. Hes a sort of 
servant, isnt he? 

Hes the gamekeeper, said Harry. He was liking the 
boy less and less every second. 

Yes, exactly. I heard hes a sort of savage  lives in a 
hut on the school grounds and every now and then he 
gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire 
to his bed. 

I think hes brilliant, said Harry coldly. 



  87 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Do you? said the boy, with a slight sneer. Why is he 
with you? Where are your parents? 

Theyre dead, said Harry shortly. He didnt feel 
much like going into the matter with this boy. 

Oh, sorry, said the other, not sounding sorry at all. 
But they were our kind, werent they? 

They were a witch and wizard, if thats what you 
mean. 

I really dont think they should let the other sort in, 
do you? Theyre just not the same, theyve never been 
brought up to know our ways. Some of them have 
never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter, 
imagine. I think they should keep it in the old 
wizarding families. Whats your surname, anyway? 

But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, 
Thats you done, my dear, and Harry, not sorry for 
an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down 
from the footstool. 

Well, Ill see you at Hogwarts, I suppose, said the 
drawling boy. 

Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid 
had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with 
chopped nuts). 

Whats up? said Hagrid. 

Nothing, Harry lied. They stopped to buy parchment 
and quills. Harry cheered up a bit when he found a 
bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. When 
they had left the shop, he said, Hagrid, whats 
Quidditch? 



  88 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin how little yeh know  
not knowin about Quidditch! 

Dont make me feel worse, said Harry. He told 
Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkins. 

  and he said people from Muggle families shouldnt 
even be allowed in   

Yer not from a Muggle family. If hed known who yeh 
were  hes grown up knowin yer name if his 
parents are wizardin folk. You saw what everyone in 
the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. 
Anyway, what does he know about it, some o the best 
I ever saw were the only ones with magic in em in a 
long line o Muggles  look at yer mum! Look what 
she had fer a sister! 

So what is Quidditch? 

Its our sport. Wizard sport. Its like  like soccer in 
the Muggle world  everyone follows Quidditch  
played up in the air on broomsticks and theres four 
balls  sorta hard ter explain the rules. 

And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff? 

School Houses. Theres four. Everyone says 
Hufflepuff are a lot o duffers, but   

I bet Im in Hufflepuff, said Harry gloomily. 

Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin, said Hagrid darkly. 
Theres not a single witch or wizard who went bad 
who wasnt in Slytherin. YouKnowWho was one. 

Vol, sorry  YouKnowWho was at Hogwarts? 

Years an years ago, said Hagrid. 

  89 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They bought Harrys school books in a shop called 
Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to 
the ceiling with books as large as paving stones 
bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in 
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a 
few books with nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, 
who never read anything, would have been wild to get 
his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to 
drag Harry away from Curses and Countercurses 
(Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies 
with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, JellyLegs, 
TongueTying and Much, Much More) by Professor 
Vindictus Viridian. 

I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley. 

Im not sayin thats not a good idea, but yer not ter 
use magic in the Muggle world except in very special 
circumstances, said Hagrid. An anyway, yeh 
couldn work any of them curses yet, yehll need a lot 
more study before yeh get ter that level. 

Hagrid wouldnt let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, 
either (It says pewter on yer list), but they got a nice 
set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a 
collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited the 
Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make 
up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and 
rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the 
floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders 
lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, 
and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While 
Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a 
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, 
Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at 
twentyone Galleons each and minuscule, glittery 
black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop). 



  90 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harrys list 
again. 

Just yer wand left  oh yeah, an I still havent got 
yeh a birthday present. 

Harry felt himself go red. 

You dont have to   

I know I dont have to. Tell yeh what, Ill get yer 
animal. Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years 
ago, yehd be laughed at  an I don like cats, they 
make me sneeze. Ill get yer an owl. All the kids want 
owls, theyre dead useful, carry yer mail an 
everythin. 

Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl 
Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling 
and flickering, jewelbright eyes. Harry now carried a 
large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep 
with her head under her wing. He couldnt stop 
stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor 
Quirrell. 

Don mention it, said Hagrid gruffly. Don expect 
youve had a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just 
Ollivanders left now  only place fer wands, 
Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand. 

A magic wand . . . this was what Harry had been really 
looking forward to. 

The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold 
letters over the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine 
Wands since 382b. c. A single wand lay on a faded 
purple cushion in the dusty window. 



  91 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the 
shop as they stepped inside. It was a tiny place, 
empty except for a single, spindly chair that Hagrid 
sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as though he had 
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new 
questions that had just occurred to him and looked 
instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly 
right up to the ceiling. For some reason, the back of 
his neck prickled. The very dust and silence in here 
seemed to tingle with some secret magic. 

Good afternoon, said a soft voice. Harry jumped. 
Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a 
loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the 
spindly chair. 

An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale 
eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the 
shop. 

Hello, said Harry awkwardly. 

Ah yes, said the man. Yes, yes. I thought Id be 
seeing you soon. Harry Potter. It wasnt a question. 
You have your mothers eyes. It seems only yesterday 
she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten 
and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow. 
Nice wand for charm work. 

Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Harry. Harry wished 
he would blink. Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy. 

Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany 
wand. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and 
excellent for transfiguration. Well, I say your father 
favored it  its really the wand that chooses the 
wizard, of course. 



  92 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry 
were almost nose to nose. Harry could see himself 
reflected in those misty eyes. 

And thats where ... 

Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harrys 
forehead with a long, white finger. 

Im sorry to say I sold the wand that did it, he said 
softly. Thirteenandahalf inches. Yew. Powerful 
wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands ... well, 
if Id known what that wand was going out into the 
world to do. ... 

He shook his head and then, to Harrys relief, spotted 
Hagrid. 

Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again. 

... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasnt it? 

It was, sir, yes, said Hagrid. 

Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it 
in half when you got expelled? said Mr. Ollivander, 
suddenly stern. 

Er  yes, they did, yes, said Hagrid, shuffling his 
feet. Ive still got the pieces, though, he added 
brightly. 

But you dont use them? said Mr. Ollivander 
sharply. 

Oh, no, sir, said Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he 
gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke. 

Hmmm, said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a 
piercing look. Well, now  Mr. Potter. Let me see. 

  93 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings 
out of his pocket. Which is your wand arm? 

Er  well, Im righthanded, said Harry. 

Hold out your arm. Thats it. He measured Harry 
from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder 
to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. As he 
measured, he said, Every Ollivander wand has a core 
of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use 
unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the 
heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are 
the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or 
phoenixes are quite the same. And of course, you will 
never get such good results with another wizards 
wand. 

Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, which 
was measuring between his nostrils, was doing this 
on its own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the 
shelves, taking down boxes. 

That will do, he said, and the tape measure 
crumpled into a heap on the floor. Right then, Mr. 
Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon 
heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. Just take 
it and give it a wave. 

Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it 
around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his 
hand almost at once. 

Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite 
whippy. Try   

Harry tried  but he had hardly raised the wand 
when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander. 



  94 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




No, no  here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a 
half inches, springy. Go on, go on, try it out. 

Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. 
Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands 
was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, 
but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the 
shelves, the happier he seemed to become. 

Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, well find the 
perfect match here somewhere  I wonder, now  
yes, why not  unusual combination  holly and 
phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple. 

Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his 
fingers. He raised the wand above his head, brought it 
swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of 
red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, 
throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid 
whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, Oh, 
bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well ... 
how curious ... how very curious ... 

He put Harrys wand back into its box and wrapped it 
in brown paper, still muttering, Curious . . . curious 



Sorry, said Harry, but whats curious? 

Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare. 

I remember every wand Ive ever sold, Mr. Potter. 
Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix 
whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another 
feather  just one other. It is very curious indeed 
that you should be destined for this wand when its 
brother  why, its brother gave you that scar. 



Harry swallowed. 

  95 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Yes, thirteenandahalf inches. Yew. Curious indeed 
how these things happen. The wand chooses the 
wizard, remember. ... I think we must expect great 
things from you, Mr. Potter. ... After all, HeWho 
MustNotBeNamed did great things  terrible, yes, 
but great. 

Harry shivered. He wasnt sure he liked Mr. 

Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for 
his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his 
shop. 

The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry 
and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, 
back through the wall, back through the Leaky 
Cauldron, now empty. Harry didnt speak at all as 
they walked down the road; he didnt even notice how 
much people were gawking at them on the 
Underground, laden as they were with all their funny 
shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its 
cage on Harrys lap. Up another escalator, out into 
Paddington station; Harry only realized where they 
were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder. 

Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves, he 
said. 

He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on 
plastic seats to eat them. Harry kept looking around. 
Everything looked so strange, somehow. 

You all right, Harry? Yer very quiet, said Hagrid. 

Harry wasnt sure he could explain. Hed just had the 
best birthday of his life  and yet  he chewed his 
hamburger, trying to find the words. 

Everyone thinks Im special, he said at last. All 
those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor 

  96 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander ... but I dont know anything 
about magic at all. How can they expect great things? 
Im famous and I cant even remember what Im 
famous for. I dont know what happened when Vol, 
sorry  I mean, the night my parents died. 

Hagrid leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard 
and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile. 

Don you worry, Harry. Youll learn fast enough. 
Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, youll 
be just fine. Just be yerself. I know its hard. Yehve 
been singled out, an thats always hard. But yehll 
have a great time at Hogwarts  I did  still do, 
smatter of fact. 

Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take 
him back to the Dursleys, then handed him an 
envelope. 

Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, he said. First o September 
 Kings Cross  its all on yer ticket. Any problems 
with the Dursleys, send me a letter with yer owl, shell 
know where to find me. ... See yeh soon, Harry. 

The train pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to 
watch Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his 
seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he 
blinked and Hagrid had gone. 



  97 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   







THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM 
NINE AND THREEQUARTERS 

Harrys last month with the Dursleys wasnt fun. 
True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldnt 
stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle 
Vernon didnt shut Harry in his cupboard, force him 
to do anything, or shout at him  in fact, they didnt 
speak to him at all. Half terrified, half furious, they 
acted as though any chair with Harry in it were 
empty. Although this was an improvement in many 
ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while. 

Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for 
company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name 
he had found in A History of Magic. His school books 
were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late 
into the night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the 
open window as she pleased. It was lucky that Aunt 
Petunia didnt come in to vacuum anymore, because 
Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. Every night 
before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day 



  98 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, 
counting down to September the first. 

On the last day of August he thought hed better 
speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to Kings 
Cross station the next day, so he went down to the 
living room where they were watching a quiz show on 
television. He cleared his throat to let them know he 
was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the 
room. 

Er  Uncle Vernon? 

Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening. 

Er  I need to be at Kings Cross tomorrow to  to 
go to Hogwarts. 

Uncle Vernon grunted again. 

Would it be all right if you gave me a lift? 

Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes. 

Thank you. 

He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon 
actually spoke. 

Funny way to get to a wizards school, the train. 
Magic carpets all got punctures, have they? 

Harry didnt say anything. 

Where is this school, anyway? 

I dont know, said Harry, realizing this for the first 
time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of 
his pocket. 

  99 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I just take the train from platform nine and three 
quarters at eleven oclock, he read. 

His aunt and uncle stared. 

Platform what? 

Nine and threequarters. 

Dont talk rubbish, said Uncle Vernon. There is no 
platform nine and threequarters. 

Its on my ticket. 

Barking, said Uncle Vernon, howling mad, the lot of 
them. You 11 see. You just wait. All right, well take 
you to Kings Cross. Were going up to London 
tomorrow anyway, or I wouldnt bother. 

Why are you going to London? Harry asked, trying 
to keep things friendly. 

Taking Dudley to the hospital, growled Uncle 
Vernon. Got to have that ruddy tail removed before 
he goes to Smeltings. 

Harry woke at five oclock the next morning and was 
too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. He got up 
and pulled on his jeans because he didnt want to 
walk into the station in his wizards robes  hed 
change on the train. He checked his Hogwarts list yet 
again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw 
that Hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then 
paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. 
Two hours later, Harrys huge, heavy trunk had been 
loaded into the Dursleys car, Aunt Petunia had 
talked Dudley into sitting next to Harry, and they had 
set off. 



  100 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They reached Kings Cross at half past ten. Uncle 
Vernon dumped Harrys trunk onto a cart and 
wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought this 
was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, 
facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face. 

Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine  platform 
ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the 
middle, but they dont seem to have built it yet, do 
they? 

He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic 
number nine over one platform and a big plastic 
number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, 
nothing at all. 

Have a good term, said Uncle Vernon with an even 
nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry 
turned and saw the Dursleys drive away. All three of 
them were laughing. Harrys mouth went rather dry. 
What on earth was he going to do? He was starting to 
attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig. Hed 
have to ask someone. 

He stopped a passing guard, but didnt dare mention 
platform nine and threequarters. The guard had 
never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldnt 
even tell him what part of the country it was in, he 
started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being 
stupid on purpose. Getting desperate, Harry asked for 
the train that left at eleven oclock, but the guard said 
there wasnt one. In the end the guard strode away, 
muttering about time wasters. Harry was now trying 
hard not to panic. According to the large clock over 
the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on 
the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; 
he was stranded in the middle of a station with a 
trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard 
money, and a large owl. 

  101 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you 
had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to 
get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get 
out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspectors 
stand between platforms nine and ten. 

At that moment a group of people passed just behind 
him and he caught a few words of what they were 
saying. 

  packed with Muggles, of course   

Harry swung round. The speaker was a plump 
woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming 
red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like 
Harrys in front of him  and they had an owl. 

Heart hammering, Harry pushed his cart after them. 
They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear 
what they were saying. 

Now, whats the platform number? said the boys 
mother. 

Nine and threequarters! piped a small girl, also red 
headed, who was holding her hand, Mom, cant I go 



Youre not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, 
Percy, you go first. 

What looked like the oldest boy marched toward 
platforms nine and ten. Harry watched, careful not to 
blink in case he missed it  but just as the boy 
reached the dividing barrier between the two 
platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in 
front of him and by the time the last backpack had 
cleared away, the boy had vanished. 



  102 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Fred, you next, the plump woman said. 



Im not Fred, Im George, said the boy. Honestly, 
woman, you call yourself our mother? Cant you tell 
Im George? 

Sorry, George, dear. 

Only joking, I am Fred, said the boy, and off he 
went. His twin called after him to hurry up, and he 
must have done so, because a second later, he had 
gone  but how had he done it? 

Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the 
barrier  he was almost there  and then, quite 
suddenly, he wasnt anywhere. 

There was nothing else for it. 

Excuse me, Harry said to the plump woman. 

Hello, dear, she said. First time at Hogwarts? Rons 
new, too. 

She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He 
was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands 
and feet, and a long nose. 

Yes, said Harry. The thing is  the thing is, I dont 
know how to   

How to get onto the platform? she said kindly, and 
Harry nodded. 

Not to worry, she said. All you have to do is walk 
straight at the barrier between platforms nine and 
ten. Dont stop and dont be scared youll crash into 
it, thats very important. Best do it at a bit of a run if 
youre nervous. Go on, go now before Ron. 

  103 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Er  okay, said Harry. 

He pushed his trolley around and stared at the 
barrier. It looked very solid. 

He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on 
their way to platforms nine and ten. Harry walked 
more quickly. He was going to smash right into that 
barrier and then hed be in trouble  leaning forward 
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run  the barrier 
was coming nearer and nearer  he wouldnt be able 
to stop  the cart was out of control  he was a foot 
away  he closed his eyes ready for the crash  

It didnt come ... he kept on running ... he opened his 
eyes. 

A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform 
packed with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts 
Express, eleven oclock. Harry looked behind him and 
saw a wroughtiron archway where the barrier had 
been, with the words Platform Nine and Three 
Quarters on it. He had done it. 

Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the 
chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound 
here and there between their legs. Owls hooted to one 
another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble 
and the scraping of heavy trunks. 

The first few carriages were already packed with 
students, some hanging out of the window to talk to 
their families, some fighting over seats. Harry pushed 
his cart off down the platform in search of an empty 
seat. He passed a roundfaced boy who was saying, 
Gran, Ive lost my toad again. 

Oh, Neville, he heard the old woman sigh. 



  104 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small 
crowd. 



Give us a look, Lee, go on. 

The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the 
people around him shrieked and yelled as something 
inside poked out a long, hairy leg. 

Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found 
an empty compartment near the end of the train. He 
put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and 
heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift 
it up the steps but could hardly raise one end and 
twice he dropped it painfully on his foot. 

Want a hand? It was one of the redhaired twins 
hed followed through the barrier. 

Yes, please, Harry panted. 

Oy, Fred! Cmere and help! 

With the twins help, Harrys trunk was at last tucked 
away in a corner of the compartment. 

Thanks, said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of 
his eyes. 

Whats that? said one of the twins suddenly, 
pointing at Harrys lightning scar. 

Blimey, said the other twin. Are you  ? 

He is, said the first twin. Arent you? he added to 
Harry. 

What? said Harry. 

  105 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




 Harry Potter, chorused the twins. 

Oh, him, said Harry. I mean, yes, I am. 

The two boys gawked at him, and Harry felt himself 
turning red. Then, to his relief, a voice came floating 
in through the trains open door. 

Fred? George? Are you there? 

Coming, Mom. 

With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the 
train. 

Harry sat down next to the window where, half 
hidden, he could watch the redhaired family on the 
platform and hear what they were saying. Their 
mother had just taken out her handkerchief. 

Ron, youve got something on your nose. 

The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she 
grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose. 

Mom  geroff. He wriggled free. 

Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie? 
said one of the twins. 

Shut up, said Ron. 

Wheres Percy? said their mother. 

Hes coming now. 

The oldest boy came striding into sight. He had 
already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts 



  106 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




robes, and Harry noticed a shiny red and gold badge 
on his chest with the letter P on it. 

Cant stay long, Mother, he said. Im up front, the 
prefects have got two compartments to themselves   

Oh, are you a prefect, Percy? said one of the twins, 
with an air of great surprise. You should have said 
something, we had no idea. 

Hang on, I think I remember him saying something 
about it, said the other twin. Once   

Or twice   

A minute   

All summer   

Oh, shut up, said Percy the Prefect. 

How come Percy gets new robes, anyway? said one 
of the twins. 

Because hes a prefect, said their mother fondly. All 
right, dear, well, have a good term  send me an owl 
when you get there. 

She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she 
turned to the twins. 

Now, you two  this year, you behave yourselves. If I 
get one more owl telling me youve  youve blown up 
a toilet or   

Blown up a toilet? Weve never blown up a toilet. 
Great idea though, thanks, Mom. 



  107 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Its not funny. And look after Ron. 

Dont worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us. 

Shut up, said Ron again. He was almost as tall as 
the twins already and his nose was still pink where 
his mother had rubbed it. 

Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on 
the train? 

Harry leaned back quickly so they couldnt see him 
looking. 

You know that blackhaired boy who was near us in 
the station? Know who he is? 

Who? 

 Harry Potted 

Harry heard the little girls voice. 

Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, 
oh please. ... 

Youve already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy 
isnt something you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, 
Fred? How do you know? 

Asked him. Saw his scar. Its really there  like 
lightning. 

Poor dear  no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He 
was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the 
platform. 

Never mind that, do you think he remembers what 
YouKnowWho looks like? 

  108 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Their mother suddenly became very stern. 



I forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, dont you dare. As 
though he needs reminding of that on his first day at 
school. 

All right, keep your hair on. 

A whistle sounded. 

Hurry up! their mother said, and the three boys 
clambered onto the train. They leaned out of the 
window for her to kiss them goodbye, and their 
younger sister began to cry. 

Dont, Ginny, well send you loads of owls. 

Well send you a Hogwarts toilet seat. 

 Georg e\ 

Only joking, Mom. 

The train began to move. Harry saw the boys mother 
waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, 
running to keep up with the train until it gathered too 
much speed, then she fell back and waved. 

Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as 
the train rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the 
window. Harry felt a great leap of excitement. He 
didnt know what he was going to  but it had to be 
better than what he was leaving behind. 

The door of the compartment slid open and the 
youngest redheaded boy came in. 

Anyone sitting there? he asked, pointing at the seat 
opposite Harry. Everywhere else is full. 

  109 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry shook his head and the boy sat down. He 
glanced at Harry and then looked quickly out of the 
window, pretending he hadnt looked. Harry saw he 
still had a black mark on his nose. 

Hey, Ron. 

The twins were back. 

Listen, were going down the middle of the train  

Lee Jordans got a giant tarantula down there. 

Right, mumbled Ron. 

Harry, said the other twin, did we introduce 
ourselves? Fred and George Weasley. And this is Ron, 
our brother. See you later, then. 

Bye, said Harry and Ron. The twins slid the 
compartment door shut behind them. 

Are you really Harry Potter? Ron blurted out. 

Harry nodded. 

Oh  well, I thought it might be one of Fred and 
Georges jokes, said Ron. And have you really got  
you know ... 

He pointed at Harrys forehead. 

Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning 
scar. Ron stared. 

So thats where YouKnowWho  ? 

Yes, said Harry, but I cant remember it. 

Nothing? said Ron eagerly. 

  110 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Well  I remember a lot of green light, but nothing 
else. 



Wow, said Ron. He sat and stared at Harry for a few 
moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized 
what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the 
window again. 

Are all your family wizards? asked Harry, who found 
Ron just as interesting as Ron found him. 

Er  yes, I think so, said Ron. I think Moms got a 
second cousin whos an accountant, but we never talk 
about him. 

So you must know loads of magic already. 

The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding 
families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked 
about. 

I heard you went to live with Muggles, said Ron. 
What are they like? 

Horrible  well, not all of them. My aunt and uncle 
and cousin are, though. Wish Id had three wizard 
brothers. 

Five, said Ron. For some reason, he was looking 
gloomy. Im the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. 
You could say Ive got a lot to live up to. Bill and 
Charlie have already left  Bill was head boy and 
Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percys a 
prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they 
still get really good marks and everyone thinks theyre 
really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the 
others, but if I do, its no big deal, because they did it 
first. You never get anything new, either, with five 

  111 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




brothers. Ive got Bills old robes, Charlies old wand, 
and Percys old rat. 

Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat 
gray rat, which was asleep. 

His names Scabbers and hes useless, he hardly ever 
wakes up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being 
made a prefect, but they couldnt aff  I mean, I got 
Scabbers instead. 

Rons ears went pink. He seemed to think hed said 
too much, because he went back to staring out of the 
window. 

Harry didnt think there was anything wrong with not 
being able to afford an owl. After all, hed never had 
any money in his life until a month ago, and he told 
Ron so, all about having to wear Dudleys old clothes 
and never getting proper birthday presents. This 
seemed to cheer Ron up. 

"... and until Hagrid told me, I didnt know anything 
about being a wizard or about my parents or 
Voldemort   

Ron gasped. 

What? said Harry. 

 You said YouKnowWhos name\ said Ron, sounding 
both shocked and impressed. Id have thought you, 
of all people   

Im not trying to be brave or anything, saying the 
name, said Harry, I just never knew you shouldnt. 
See what I mean? Ive got loads to learn. ... I bet, he 
added, voicing for the first time something that had 



  112 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




been worrying him a lot lately, I bet Im the worst in 
the class. 

You wont be. Theres loads of people who come from 
Muggle families and they learn quick enough. 

While they had been talking, the train had carried 
them out of London. Now they were speeding past 
fields full of cows and sheep. They were quiet for a 
time, watching the fields and lanes flick past. 

Around half past twelve there was a great clattering 
outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman 
slid back their door and said, Anything off the cart, 
dears? 

Harry, who hadnt had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, 
but Rons ears went pink again and he muttered that 
hed brought sandwiches. Harry went out into the 
corridor. 

He had never had any money for candy with the 
Dursleys, and now that he had pockets rattling with 
gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars 
Bars as he could carry  but the woman didnt have 
Mars Bars. What she did have were Bertie Botts 
Every Flavor Beans, Droobles Best Blowing Gum, 
Chocolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, 
Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things 
Harry had never seen in his life. Not wanting to miss 
anything, he got some of everything and paid the 
woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts. 

Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the 
compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat. 

Hungry, are you? 



  113 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Starving, said Harry, taking a large bite out of a 
pumpkin pasty. 

Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped 
it. There were four sandwiches inside. He pulled one 
of them apart and said, She always forgets I dont 
like corned beef. 

Swap you for one of these, said Harry, holding up a 
pasty. Go on   

You dont want this, its all dry, said Ron. She 
hasnt got much time, he added quickly, you know, 
with five of us. 

Go on, have a pasty, said Harry, who had never had 
anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share 
it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, 
eating their way through all Harrys pasties, cakes, 
and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten). 

What are these? Harry asked Ron, holding up a 
pack of Chocolate Frogs. Theyre not really frogs, are 
they? He was starting to feel that nothing would 
surprise him. 

No, said Ron. But see what the card is. Im missing 
Agrippa. 

What? 

Oh, of course, you wouldnt know  Chocolate Frogs 
have cards inside them, you know, to collect  
famous witches and wizards. Ive got about five 
hundred, but I havent got Agrippa or Ptolemy. 

Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up 
the card. It showed a mans face. He wore halfmoon 
glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver 

  114 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture 
was the name Albus Dumbledore. 



So this is Dumbledore! said Harry. 

Dont tell me youd never heard of Dumbledore! said 
Ron. Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa  thanks 



Harry turned over his card and read: 

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE 

CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS 

Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern 
times, Dumbledore is particularly famous for his 
defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the 
discovery of the twelve uses of dragons blood, and his 
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. 
Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and ten 
pin bowling. 

Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his 
astonishment, that Dumbledore s face had 
disappeared. 

Hes gone! 

Well, you cant expect him to hang around all day, 
said Ron. Hell be back. No, Ive got Morgana again 
and Ive got about six of her ... do you want it? You 
can start collecting. 

Rons eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs 
waiting to be unwrapped. 

Help yourself, said Harry. But in, you know, the 
Muggle world, people just stay put in photos. 

  115 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Do they? What, they dont move at all? Ron sounded 
amazed. Weird). 



Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the 
picture on his card and gave him a small smile. Ron 
was more interested in eating the frogs than looking 
at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry 
couldnt keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only 
Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcraft, 
Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. He 
finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, 
who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie 
Botts Every Flavor Beans. 

You want to be careful with those, Ron warned 
Harry. When they say every flavor, they mean every 
flavor  you know, you get all the ordinary ones like 
chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then 
you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George 
reckons he had a boogerflavored one once. 

Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, 
and bit into a corner. 

Bleaaargh  see? Sprouts. 

They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. 
Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, 
curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave 
enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron 
wouldnt touch, which turned out to be pepper. 

The countryside now flying past the window was 
becoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there 
were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills. 

There was a knock on the door of their compartment 
and the roundfaced boy Harry had passed on 

  116 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




platform nine and threequarters came in. He looked 
tearful. 



Sorry, he said, but have you seen a toad at all? 

When they shook their heads, he wailed, Ive lost 
him! He keeps getting away from me! 

Hell turn up, said Harry. 

Yes, said the boy miserably. Well, if you see him ... 
He left. 

Dont know why hes so bothered, said Ron. If Id 
brought a toad Id lose it as quick as I could. Mind 
you, I brought Scabbers, so I cant talk. 

The rat was still snoozing on Rons lap. 

He might have died and you wouldnt know the 
difference, said Ron in disgust. I tried to turn him 
yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but 
the spell didnt work. Ill show you, look ... 

He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a 
very batteredlooking wand. It was chipped in places 
and something white was glinting at the end. 

Unicorn hairs nearly poking out. Anyway   

He had just raised his wand when the compartment 
door slid open again. The toadless boy was back, but 
this time he had a girl with him. She was already 
wearing her new Hogwarts robes. 

Has anyone seen a toad? Nevilles lost one, she said. 
She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown 
hair, and rather large front teeth. 

  117 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Weve already told him we havent seen it, said Ron, 
but the girl wasnt listening, she was looking at the 
wand in his hand. 

Oh, are you doing magic? Lets see it, then. 

She sat down. Ron looked taken aback. 

Er  all right. 

He cleared his throat. 

 Sunshine , daisies, butter mellow, 

Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow. 

He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers 
stayed gray and fast asleep. 

Are you sure thats a real spell? said the girl. Well, 
its not very good, is it? Ive tried a few simple spells 
just for practice and its all worked for me. Nobody in 
my familys magic at all, it was ever such a surprise 
when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of 
course, I mean, its the very best school of witchcraft 
there is, Ive heard  Ive learned all our course books 
by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough  Im 
Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you? 

She said all this very fast. 

Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his 
stunned face that he hadnt learned all the course 
books by heart either. 

Im Ron Weasley, Ron muttered. 

Harry Potter, said Harry. 



  118 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Are you really? said Hermione. I know all about 
you, of course  I got a few extra books for 
background reading, and youre in Modern Magical 
History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and 
Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century. 

Am I? said Harry, feeling dazed. 

Goodness, didnt you know, Id have found out 
everything I could if it was me, said Hermione. Do 
either of you know what House youll be in? Ive been 
asking around, and I hope Im in Gryffindor, it sounds 
by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, 
but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldnt be too bad. ... 
Anyway, wed better go and look for Nevilles toad. 

You two had better change, you know, I expect well 
be there soon. 

And she left, taking the toadless boy with her. 

Whatever House Im in, I hope shes not in it, said 
Ron. He threw his wand back into his trunk. Stupid 
spell  George gave it to me, bet he knew it was a 
dud. 

What House are your brothers in? asked Harry. 

Gryffindor, said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling 
on him again. Mom and Dad were in it, too. I dont 
know what theyll say if Im not. I dont suppose 
Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put 
me in Slytherin. 

Thats the House Vol, I mean, YouKnowWho was 
in? 



Yeah, said Ron. He flopped back into his seat, 
looking depressed. 



  119 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




You know, I think the ends of Scabbers whiskers are 
a bit lighter, said Harry, trying to take Rons mind off 
Houses. So what do your oldest brothers do now that 
theyve left, anyway? 

Harry was wondering what a wizard did once hed 
finished school. 

Charlies in Romania studying dragons, and Bills in 
Africa doing something for Gringotts, said Ron. Did 
you hear about Gringotts? Its been all over the Daily 
Prophet, but I dont suppose you get that with the 
Muggles  someone tried to rob a high security 
vault. 

Harry stared. 

Really? What happened to them? 

Nothing, thats why its such big news. They havent 
been caught. My dad says it mustve been a powerful 
Dark wizard to get round Gringotts, but they dont 
think they took anything, thats whats odd. Course, 
everyone gets scared when something like this 
happens in case YouKnowWhos behind it. 

Harry turned this news over in his mind. He was 
starting to get a prickle of fear every time YouKnow 
Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of 
entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more 
comfortable saying Voldemort without worrying. 

Whats your Quidditch team? Ron asked. 

Er  I dont know any, Harry confessed. 

What! Ron looked dumbfounded. Oh, you wait, its 
the best game in the world   And he was off, 
explaining all about the four balls and the positions of 

  120 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




the seven players, describing famous games hed been 
to with his brothers and the broomstick hed like to 
get if he had the money. He was just taking Harry 
through the finer points of the game when the 
compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasnt 
Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this 
time. 

Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle 
one at once: It was the pale boy from Madam Malkins 
robe shop. He was looking at Harry with a lot more 
interest than hed shown back in Diagon Alley. 

Is it true? he said. Theyre saying all down the train 
that Harry Potters in this compartment. So its you, is 
it? 



Yes, said Harry. He was looking at the other boys. 
Both of them were thickset and looked extremely 
mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they 
looked like bodyguards. 

Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle, said the pale 
boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. 

And my names Malfoy, Draco Malfoy. 

Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been 
hiding a snigger. Draco Malfoy looked at him. 

Think my names funny, do you? No need to ask who 
you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red 
hair, freckles, and more children than they can 
afford. 

He turned back to Harry. Youll soon find out some 
wizarding families are much better than others, 

Potter. You dont want to go making friends with the 
wrong sort. I can help you there. 



  121 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He held out his hand to shake Harrys, but Harry 
didnt take it. 

I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, 
thanks, he said coolly. 

Draco Malfoy didnt go red, but a pink tinge appeared 
in his pale cheeks. 

Id be careful if I were you, Potter, he said slowly. 
Unless youre a bit politer youll go the same way as 
your parents. They didnt know what was good for 
them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the 
Weasleys and that Hagrid, and itll rub off on you. 

Both Harry and Ron stood up. 

Say that again, Ron said, his face as red as his hair. 

Oh, youre going to fight us, are you? Malfoy 
sneered. 

Unless you get out now, said Harry, more bravely 
than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot 
bigger than him or Ron. 

But we dont feel like leaving, do we, boys? Weve 
eaten all our food and you still seem to have some. 

Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to 
Ron  Ron leapt forward, but before hed so much as 
touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell. 

Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp 
little teeth sunk deep into Goyle s knuckle  Crabbe 
and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers 
round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally 
flew off and hit the window, all three of them 
disappeared at once. Perhaps they thought there were 
  122 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps 
theyd heard footsteps, because a second later, 
Hermione Granger had come in. 

What has been going on? she said, looking at the 
sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers 
by his tail. 

I think hes been knocked out, Ron said to Harry. 

He looked closer at Scabbers. No  I dont believe it 
 hes gone back to sleep. 

And so he had. 

Youve met Malfoy before? 

Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley. 

Ive heard of his family, said Ron darkly. They were 
some of the first to come back to our side after You 
KnowWho disappeared. Said theyd been bewitched. 
My dad doesnt believe it. He says Malfoys father 
didnt need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side. He 
turned to Hermione. Can we help you with 
something? 

Youd better hurry up and put your robes on, Ive 
just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he 
says were nearly there. You havent been fighting, 
have you? Youll be in trouble before we even get 
there! 

Scabbers has been fighting, not us, said Ron, 
scowling at her. Would you mind leaving while we 
change? 

All right  I only came in here because people 
outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and 
down the corridors, said Hermione in a sniffy voice. 

  123 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




And youve got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you 
know? 



Ron glared at her as she left. Harry peered out of the 
window. It was getting dark. He could see mountains 
and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did 
seem to be slowing down. 

He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their 
long black robes. Rons were a bit short for him, you 
could see his sneakers underneath them. 

A voice echoed through the train: We will be reaching 
Hogwarts in five minutes time. Please leave your 
luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school 
separately. 

Harrys stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he 
saw, looked pale under his freckles. They crammed 
their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined 
the crowd thronging the corridor. 

The train slowed right down and finally stopped. 
People pushed their way toward the door and out on 
to a tiny, dark platform. Harry shivered in the cold 
night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads 
of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voice: 
Firs years! Firs years over here! All right there, 
Harry? 

Hagrids big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads. 

Cmon, follow me  any more firs years? Mind yer 
step, now! Firs years follow me! 

Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down 
what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. It was so 
dark on either side of them that Harry thought there 
must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke much. 

  124 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once 
or twice. 



Yehll get yer firs sight o Hogwarts in a sec, Hagrid 
called over his shoulder, jus round this bend here. 

There was a loud Oooooh! 

The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge 
of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain 
on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry 
sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers. 

No moren four to a boat! Hagrid called, pointing to 
a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. 
Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville 
and Hermione. 

Everyone in? shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to 
himself. Right then  FORWARD! 

And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, 
gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as 
glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at the great 
castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed 
nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood. 

Heads down! yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached 
the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats 
carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide 
opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a 
dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right 
underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of 
underground harbor, where they clambered out onto 
rocks and pebbles. 

Oy, you there! Is this your toad? said Hagrid, who 
was checking the boats as people climbed out of 
them. 

  125 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Trevor! cried Neville blissfully, holding out his 
hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the 
rock after Hagrids lamp, coming out at last onto 
smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle. 

They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded 
around the huge, oak front door. 

Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad? 

Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times 
on the castle door. 



  126 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




7 




THE SORTING HAT 

The door swung open at once. A tall, blackhaired 
witch in emeraldgreen robes stood there. She had a 
very stern face and Harrys first thought was that this 
was not someone to cross. 

The firs years, Professor McGonagall, said Hagrid. 

Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here. 

She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so 
big you could have fit the whole of the Dursleys 
house in it. The stone walls were lit with flaming 
torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too 
high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase 
facing them led to the upper floors. 

They followed Professor McGonagall across the 
flagged stone floor. Harry could hear the drone of 
hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right  the 
rest of the school must already be here  but 
Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a 
small, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in, 
  127 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  



standing rather closer together than they would 
usually have done, peering about nervously. 

Welcome to Hogwarts, said Professor McGonagall. 
The startofterm banquet will begin shortly, but 
before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will 
be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very 
important ceremony because, while you are here, 
your House will be something like your family within 
Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your 
House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free 
time in your House common room. 

The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, 
Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own 
noble history and each has produced outstanding 
witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your 
triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule 
breaking will lose House points. At the end of the 
year, the House with the most points is awarded the 
House cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a 
credit to whichever House becomes yours. 

The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few 
minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest 
you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can 
while you are waiting. 

Her eyes lingered for a moment on Nevilles cloak, 
which was fastened under his left ear, and on Rons 
smudged nose. Harry nervously tried to flatten his 
hair. 

I shall return when we are ready for you, said 
Professor McGonagall. Please wait quietly. 

She left the chamber. Harry swallowed. 



  128 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




How exactly do they sort us into Houses? he asked 
Ron. 



Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but 
I think he was joking. 

Harrys heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of 
the whole school? But he didnt know any magic yet 
 what on earth would he have to do? He hadnt 
expected something like this the moment they 
arrived. He looked around anxiously and saw that 
everyone else looked terrified, too. No one was talking 
much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering 
very fast about all the spells shed learned and 
wondering which one shed need. Harry tried hard not 
to listen to her. Hed never been more nervous, never, 
not even when hed had to take a school report home 
to the Dursleys saying that hed somehow turned his 
teachers wig blue. He kept his eyes fixed on the door. 
Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come 
back and lead him to his doom. 

Then something happened that made him jump about 
a foot in the air  several people behind him 
screamed. 

What the  ? 

He gasped. So did the people around him. About 
twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back 
wall. Pearlywhite and slightly transparent, they 
glided across the room talking to one another and 
hardly glancing at the first years. They seemed to be 
arguing. What looked like a fat little monk was 
saying: Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give 
him a second chance   

My dear Friar, havent we given Peeves all the 
chances he deserves? He gives us all a bad name and 

  129 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




you know, hes not really even a ghost  I say, what 
are you all doing here? 



A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly 
noticed the first years. 

Nobody answered. 

New students! said the Fat Friar, smiling around at 
them. About to be Sorted, I suppose? 

A few people nodded mutely. 

Hope to see you in Hufflepuff! said the Friar. My old 
House, you know. 

Move along now, said a sharp voice. The Sorting 
Ceremonys about to start. 

Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the 
ghosts floated away through the opposite wall. 

Now, form a line, Professor McGonagall told the first 
years, and follow me. 

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, 
Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with 
Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, 
back across the hall, and through a pair of double 
doors into the Great Hall. 

Harry had never even imagined such a strange and 
splendid place. It was lit by thousands and thousands 
of candles that were floating in midair over four long 
tables, where the rest of the students were sitting. 
These tables were laid with glittering golden plates 
and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long 
table where the teachers were sitting. Professor 
McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they 
  130 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




came to a halt in a line facing the other students, 
with the teachers behind them. The hundreds of faces 
staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the 
flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among 
the students, the ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to 
avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and 
saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. He heard 
Hermione whisper, Its bewitched to look like the sky 
outside. I read about it in Hogwarts, A History. 

It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, 
and that the Great Hall didnt simply open on to the 
heavens. 

Harry quickly looked down again as Professor 
McGonagall silently placed a fourlegged stool in front 
of the first years. On top of the stool she put a pointed 
wizards hat. This hat was patched and frayed and 
extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldnt have let it in 
the house. 

Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry 
thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing  
noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at 
the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seconds, there 
was complete silence. Then the hat twitched. A rip 
near the brim opened wide like a mouth  and the 
hat began to sing: 

Oh, you may not think Im pretty, 

But dont judge on what you see, 

Ill eat myself if you can find 

A smarter hat than me. 

You can keep your bowlers black, 



  131 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Your top hats sleek and tall, 

For Im the Hogwarts Sorting Hat 
And I can cap them all. 

Theres nothing hidden in your head 
The Sorting Hat cant see, 

So try me on and I will tell you 
Where you ought to be. 

You might belong in Gryffindor, 

Where dwell the brave at heart, 

Their daring, nerve, and chivalry 
Set Gryffindors apart; 

You might belong in Hufflepuff, 

Where they are just and loyal, 

Those patient Hufflepuffs are true 
And unafraid of toil; 

Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, 

If youve a ready mind, 

Where those of wit and learning, 

Will always find their kind; 

Or perhaps in Slytherin 

  132 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Youll make your real friends, 

Those cunning folk use any means 
To achieve their ends. 

So put me on! Dont be afraid l\ 

And dont get in a flap\ 

Youre in safe hands (though I have none) 

For Im a Thinking Cap\ 

The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished 
its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then 
became quite still again. 

So weve just got to try on the hat! Ron whispered to 
Harry. Ill kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling 
a troll. 

Harry smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot 
better than having to do a spell, but he did wish they 
could have tried it on without everyone watching. The 
hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; Harry didnt feel 
brave or quickwitted or any of it at the moment. If 
only the hat had mentioned a House for people who 
felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for 
him. 

Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a 
long roll of parchment. 

When I call your name, you will put on the hat and 
sit on the stool to be sorted, she said. Abbott, 
Hannah! 



  133 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




A pinkfaced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of 
line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her 
eyes, and sat down. A moments pause  

HUFFLEPUFF! shouted the hat. 

The table on the right cheered and clapped as 
Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. 

Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at 
her. 

Bones, Susan! 

HUFFLEPUFF! shouted the hat again, and Susan 
scuttled off to sit next to Hannah. 

Boot, Terry! 

RAVENCLAW! 

The table second from the left clapped this time; 
several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with 
Terry as he joined them. 

Brocklehurst, Mandy went to Ravenclaw too, but 
Brown, Lavender became the first new Gryffindor, 
and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; 
Harry could see Rons twin brothers catcalling. 

Bulstrode, Millicent then became a Slytherin. 
Perhaps it was Harrys imagination, after all hed 
heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked 
like an unpleasant lot. 

He was starting to feel definitely sick now. He 
remembered being picked for teams during gym at his 
old school. He had always been last to be chosen, not 
because he was no good, but because no one wanted 
Dudley to think they liked him. 

  134 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




FinchFletchley, Justin! 



HUFFLEPUFF! 

Sometimes, Harry noticed, the hat shouted out the 
House at once, but at others it took a little while to 
decide. Finnigan, Seamus, the sandyhaired boy 
next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a 
whole minute before the hat declared him a 
Gryffindor. 

Granger, Hermione! 

Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat 
eagerly on her head. 

GRYFFINDOR! shouted the hat. Ron groaned. 

A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts 
always do when youre very nervous. What if he 
wasnt chosen at all? What if he just sat there with 
the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor 
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had 
obviously been a mistake and hed better get back on 
the train? 

When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his 
toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool. 
The hat took a long time to decide with Neville. When 
it finally shouted, GRYFFINDOR, Neville ran off still 
wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter 
to give it to MacDougal, Morag. 

Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called 
and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched 
his head when it screamed, SLYTHERIN! 

Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, 
looking pleased with himself. 

  135 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




There werent many people left now. 



Moon , Nott ... , Parkinson ... , then a pair of 
twin girls, Path and Path ... , then Perks, Sally 
Anne . . . , and then, at last  

Potter, Harry! 

As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke 
out like little hissing fires all over the hall. 

 Potter , did she say? 

 The Harry Potter? 

The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over 
his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a 
good look at him. Next second he was looking at the 
black inside of the hat. He waited. 

Hmm, said a small voice in his ear. Difficult. Very 
difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind 
either. Theres talent, oh my goodness, yes  and a 
nice thirst to prove yourself, now thats interesting. ... 
So where shall I put you? 

Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not 
Slytherin, not Slytherin. 

Not Slytherin, eh? said the small voice. Are you 
sure? You could be great, you know, its all here in 
your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to 
greatness, no doubt about that  no? Well, if youre 
sure  better be GRYFFINDOR! 

Harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole 
hall. He took off the hat and walked shakily toward 
the Gryffindor table. He was so relieved to have been 
chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed 

  136 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy the 
Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while 
the Weasley twins yelled, We got Potter! We got 
Potter! Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff 
hed seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving 
Harry the sudden, horrible feeling hed just plunged it 
into a bucket of icecold water. 

He could see the High Table properly now. At the end 
nearest him sat Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave 
him the thumbs up. Harry grinned back. And there, 
in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, 
sat Albus Dumbledore. Harry recognized him at once 
from the card hed gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on 
the train. Dumbledores silver hair was the only thing 
in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts. 
Harry spotted Professor Quirrell, too, the nervous 
young man from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking 
very peculiar in a large purple turban. 

And now there were only four people left to be sorted. 
Thomas, Dean, a Black boy even taller than Ron, 
joined Harry at the Gryffindor table. Turpin, Lisa, 
became a Ravenclaw and then it was Rons turn. He 
was pale green by now. Harry crossed his fingers 
under the table and a second later the hat had 
shouted, GRYFFINDOR! 

Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed 
into the chair next to him. 

Well done, Ron, excellent, said Percy Weasley 
pompously across Harry as Zabini, Blaise, was 
made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled up her 
scroll and took the Sorting Hat away. 

Harry looked down at his empty gold plate. He had 
only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin 
pasties seemed ages ago. 

  137 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was 
beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if 
nothing could have pleased him more than to see 
them all there. 

Welcome! he said. Welcome to a new year at 
Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like 
to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! 

Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! 

Thank you! 

He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. 
Harry didnt know whether to laugh or not. 

Is he  a bit mad? he asked Percy uncertainly. 

Mad? said Percy airily. Hes a genius! Best wizard 
in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, 
Harry? 

Harrys mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him 
were now piled with food. He had never seen so many 
things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast 
chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, 
bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, 
fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, 
ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint 
humbugs. 

The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but 
hed never been allowed to eat as much as he liked. 
Dudley had always taken anything that Harry really 
wanted, even if it made him sick. Harry piled his plate 
with a bit of everything except the peppermints and 
began to eat. It was all delicious. 

That does look good, said the ghost in the ruff sadly, 
watching Harry cut up his steak. 

  138 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Cant you  ? 



I havent eaten for nearly five hundred years, said 
the ghost. I dont need to, of course, but one does 
miss it. I dont think Ive introduced myself? Sir 
Nicholas de MimsyPorpington at your service. 
Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower. 

I know who you are! said Ron suddenly. My 
brothers told me about you  youre Nearly Headless 
Nick! 

I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy 
  the ghost began stiffly, but sandyhaired Seamus 
Finnigan interrupted. 

Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless? 

Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little 
chat wasnt going at all the way he wanted. 

Like this, he said irritably. He seized his left ear and 
pulled. His whole head swung off his neck and fell 
onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone 
had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it 
properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on 
their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head 
back onto his neck, coughed, and said, So  new 
Gryffindors! I hope youre going to help us win the 
House Championship this year? Gryffindors have 
never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have 
got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody Barons 
becoming almost unbearable  hes the Slytherin 
ghost. 

Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a 
horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a 
gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood. He 
was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to 

  139 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




see, didnt look too pleased with the seating 
arrangements. 

How did he get covered in blood? asked Seamus 
with great interest. 

Ive never asked, said Nearly Headless Nick 
delicately. 

When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the 
remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving 
them sparkling clean as before. A moment later the 
desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor 
you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate 
eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell 
0, rice pudding ... 

As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk 
turned to their families. 

Im halfandhalf, said Seamus. Me dads a Muggle. 
Mom didnt tell him she was a witch til after they 
were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him. 

The others laughed. 

What about you, Neville? said Ron. 

Well, my gran brought me up and shes a witch, 
said Neville, but the family thought I was all Muggle 
for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me 
off my guard and force some magic out of me  he 
pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly 
drowned  but nothing happened until I was eight. 
Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was 
hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles 
when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue 
and he accidentally let go. But I bounced  all the 
way down the garden and into the road. They were all 
  140 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. 
And you should have seen their faces when I got in 
here  they thought I might not be magic enough to 
come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he 
bought me my toad. 

On Harrys other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione 
were talking about lessons (I do hope they start right 
away, theres so much to learn, Im particularly 
interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning 
something into something else, of course, its 
supposed to be very difficult  Youll be starting 
small, just matches into needles and that sort of 
thing  ). 



Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, 
looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was 
drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor McGonagall 
was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor 
Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a 
teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and 
sallow skin. 

It happened very suddenly. The hooknosed teacher 
looked past Quirrells turban straight into Harrys 
eyes  and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on 
Harrys forehead. 

Ouch! Harry clapped a hand to his head. 

What is it? asked Percy. 

Nnothing. 

The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder 
to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten from the 
teachers look  a feeling that he didnt like Harry at 
all. 



  141 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Whos that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell? he 
asked Percy. 

Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder 
hes looking so nervous, thats Professor Snape. He 
teaches Potions, but he doesnt want to  everyone 
knows hes after Quirrells job. Knows an awful lot 
about the Dark Arts, Snape. 

Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didnt 
look at him again. 

At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor 
Dumbledore got to his feet again. The hall fell silent. 

Ahem  just a few more words now that we are all 
fed and watered. I have a few startofterm notices to 
give you. 

First years should note that the forest on the 
grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our 
older students would do well to remember that as 
well. 

Dumbledore s twinkling eyes flashed in the direction 
of the Weasley twins. 

I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to 
remind you all that no magic should be used between 
classes in the corridors. 

Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of 
the term. Anyone interested in playing for their House 
teams should contact Madam Hooch. 

And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third 
floor corridor on the righthand side is out of bounds 
to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful 
death. 

  142 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did. 



Hes not serious? he muttered to Percy. 

Must be, said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore. Its 
odd, because he usually gives us a reason why were 
not allowed to go somewhere  the forests full of 
dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he 
might have told us prefects, at least. 

And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school 
song! cried Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other 
teachers smiles had become rather fixed. 

Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was 
trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden 
ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables 
and twisted itself, snakelike, into words. 

Everyone pick their favorite tune, said Dumbledore, 
and off we go! 

And the school bellowed: 

Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts, 

Teach us something please, 

Whether we be old and bald 
Or young with scabby knees, 

Our heads could do with filling 
With some interesting stuff, 

For now theyre bare and full of air, 

Dead flies and bits of fluff, 

  143 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




So teach us things worth knowing, 

Bring back what weve forgot, 

Just do your best, well do the rest, 

And learn until our brains all rot. 

Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, 
only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a 
very slow funeral march. Dumbledore conducted their 
last few lines with his wand and when they had 
finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest. 

Ah, music, he said, wiping his eyes. A magic 
beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you 
trot! 

The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the 
chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the 
marble staircase. Harrys legs were like lead again, 
but only because he was so tired and full of food. He 
was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in 
the portraits along the corridors whispered and 
pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them 
through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and 
hanging tapestries. They climbed more staircases, 
yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just 
wondering how much farther they had to go when 
they came to a sudden halt. 

A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair 
ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them 
they started throwing themselves at him. 

Peeves, Percy whispered to the first years. A 
poltergeist. He raised his voice, Peeves  show 
yourself. 



  144 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a 
balloon, answered. 

Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron? 

There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark 
eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross 
legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks. 

Oooooooh! he said, with an evil cackle. Ickle 
Firsties! What fun! 

He swooped suddenly at them. They all ducked. 

Go away, Peeves, or the Baronll hear about this, I 
mean it! barked Percy. 

Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping 
the walking sticks on Nevilles head. They heard him 
zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed. 

You want to watch out for Peeves, said Percy, as 
they set off again. The Bloody Barons the only one 
who can control him, he wont even listen to us 
prefects. Here we are. 

At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a 
very fat woman in a pink silk dress. 

Password? she said. 

Caput Draconis, said Percy, and the portrait swung 
forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all 
scrambled through it  Neville needed a leg up  
and found themselves in the Gryffindor common 
room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs. 

Percy directed the girls through one door to their 
dormitory and the boys through another. At the top of 

  145 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




a spiral staircase  they were obviously in one of the 
towers  they found their beds at last: five four 
posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. Their 
trunks had already been brought up. Too tired to talk 
much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed. 

Great food, isnt it? Ron muttered to Harry through 
the hangings. Get off Scabbers! Hes chewing my 
sheets. 

Harry was going to ask Ron if hed had any of the 
treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once. 

Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he 
had a very strange dream. He was wearing Professor 
Quirrells turban, which kept talking to him, telling 
him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it 
was his destiny. Harry told the turban he didnt want 
to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried 
to pull it off but it tightened painfully  and there 
was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it  
then Malfoy turned into the hooknosed teacher, 
Snape, whose laugh became high and cold  there 
was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating 
and shaking. 

He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he 
woke next day, he didnt remember the dream at all. 



  146 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






THE POTIONS MASTER 

There, look. 

Where? 

Next to the tall kid with the red hair. 

Wearing the glasses? 

Did you see his face? 

Did you see his scar? 

Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his 
dormitory the next day. People lining up outside 
classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or 
doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, 
staring. Harry wished they wouldnt, because he was 
trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes. 

There were a hundred and fortytwo staircases at 
Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; 
some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some 

  147 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  



with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to 
remember to jump. Then there were doors that 
wouldnt open unless you asked politely, or tickled 
them in exactly the right place, and doors that werent 
really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It 
was also very hard to remember where anything was, 
because it all seemed to move around a lot. The 
people in the portraits kept going to visit each other, 
and Harry was sure the coats of armor could walk. 

The ghosts didnt help, either. It was always a nasty 
shock when one of them glided suddenly through a 
door you were trying to open. Nearly Headless Nick 
was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the 
right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth 
two locked doors and a trick staircase if you met him 
when you were late for class. He would drop 
wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from 
under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak 
up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, 
GOT YOUR CONK! 

Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the 
caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get 
on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. 
Filch found them trying to force their way through a 
door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to 
the outofbounds corridor on the third floor. He 
wouldnt believe they were lost, was sure they were 
trying to break into it on purpose, and was 
threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they 
were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing. 

Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust 
colored creature with bulging, lamplike eyes just like 
Filchs. She patrolled the corridors alone. Break a rule 
in front of her, put just one toe out of line, and shed 
whisk off for Filch, whod appear, wheezing, two 
seconds later. Filch knew the secret passageways of 
  148 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  




the school better than anyone (except perhaps the 
Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly as any 
of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was 
the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a 
good kick. 

And then, once you had managed to find them, there 
were the classes themselves. There was a lot more to 
magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your 
wand and saying a few funny words. 

They had to study the night skies through their 
telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn 
the names of different stars and the movements of the 
planets. Three times a week they went out to the 
greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, 
with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, 
where they learned how to take care of all the strange 
plants and fungi, and found out what they were used 
for. 

Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, 
which was the only one taught by a ghost. Professor 
Binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen 
asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next 
morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns 
droned on and on while they scribbled down names 
and dates, and got Emeric the Evil and Uric the 
Oddball mixed up. 

Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny 
little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to 
see over his desk. At the start of their first class he 
took the roll call, and when he reached Harrys name 
he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight. 

Professor McGonagall was again different. Harry had 
been quite right to think she wasnt a teacher to 



  149 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a talking to 
the moment they sat down in her first class. 

Transfiguration is some of the most complex and 
dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts, she 
said. Anyone messing around in my class will leave 
and not come back. You have been warned. 

Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again. 
They were all very impressed and couldnt wait to get 
started, but soon realized they werent going to be 
changing the furniture into animals for a long time. 
After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each 
given a match and started trying to turn it into a 
needle. By the end of the lesson, only Hermione 
Granger had made any difference to her match; 
Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had 
gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare 
smile. 

The class everyone had really been looking forward to 
was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrells 
lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke. His classroom 
smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to 
ward off a vampire hed met in Romania and was 
afraid would be coming back to get him one of these 
days. His turban, he told them, had been given to him 
by an African prince as a thankyou for getting rid of 
a troublesome zombie, but they werent sure they 
believed this story. For one thing, when Seamus 
Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had 
fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started 
talking about the weather; for another, they had 
noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, 
and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full 
of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected 
wherever he went. 



  150 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasnt 
miles behind everyone else. Lots of people had come 
from Muggle families and, like him, hadnt had any 
idea that they were witches and wizards. There was so 
much to learn that even people like Ron didnt have 
much of a head start. 

Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. They 
finally managed to find their way down to the Great 
Hall for breakfast without getting lost once. 

What have we got today? Harry asked Ron as he 
poured sugar on his porridge. 

Double Potions with the Slytherins, said Ron. 
Snapes Head of Slytherin House. They say he always 
favors them  well be able to see if its true. 

Wish McGonagall favored us, said Harry. Professor 
McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it 
hadnt stopped her from giving them a huge pile of 
homework the day before. 

Just then, the mail arrived. Harry had gotten used to 
this by now, but it had given him a bit of a shock on 
the first morning, when about a hundred owls had 
suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during 
breakfast, circling the tables until they saw their 
owners, and dropping letters and packages onto their 
laps. 

Hedwig hadnt brought Harry anything so far. She 
sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of 
toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the 
other school owls. This morning, however, she 
fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar 
bowl and dropped a note onto Harrys plate. Harry 
tore it open at once. It said, in a very untidy scrawl: 



  151 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dear Harry, 



I know you get Friday afternoons off so would you like 
to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? 

I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an 
answer back with Hedwig. 

Hagrid 

Harry borrowed Rons quill, scribbled Yes, please, see 
you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off 
again. 

It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look 
forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to 
be the worst thing that had happened to him so far. 

At the startofterm banquet, Harry had gotten the 
idea that Professor Snape disliked him. By the end of 
the first Potions lesson, he knew hed been wrong. 
Snape didnt dislike Harry  he hated him. 

Potions lessons took place down in one of the 
dungeons. It was colder here than up in the main 
castle, and would have been quite creepy enough 
without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all 
around the walls. 

Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the 
roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harrys name. 

Ah, yes, he said softly, Harry Potter. Our new  
celebrity. 

Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle 
sniggered behind their hands. Snape finished calling 
the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were 
black like Hagrid s, but they had none of Hagrid s 

  152 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




warmth. They were cold and empty and made you 
think of dark tunnels. 

You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art 
of potionmaking, he began. He spoke in barely more 
than a whisper, but they caught every word  like 
Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a 
class silent without effort. As there is little foolish 
wand waving here, many of you will hardly believe 
this is magic. I dont expect you will really understand 
the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its 
shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that 
creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, 
ensnaring the senses. ... I can teach you how to bottle 
fame, brew glory, even stopper death  if you arent 
as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to 
teach. 

More silence followed this little speech. Harry and 
Ron exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. Hermione 
Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked 
desperate to start proving that she wasnt a 
dunderhead. 

Potter! said Snape suddenly. What would I get if I 
added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of 
wormwood? 

Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Harry 
glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; 
Hermione s hand had shot into the air. 

I dont know, sir, said Harry. 

Snape s lips curled into a sneer. 

Tut, tut  fame clearly isnt everything. 

He ignored Hermione s hand. 

  153 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Lets try again. Potter, where would you look if I told 
you to find me a bezoar? 

Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it 
would go without her leaving her seat, but Harry 
didnt have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He 
tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who 
were shaking with laughter. 

I dont know, sir. 

Thought you wouldnt open a book before coming, 
eh, Potter? 

Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into 
those cold eyes. He had looked through his books at 
the Dursleys, but did Snape expect him to remember 
everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and 
Fungi ? 

Snape was still ignoring Hermiones quivering hand. 

What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood 
and wolfsbane? 

At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching 
toward the dungeon ceiling. 

I dont know, said Harry quietly. I think Hermione 
does, though, why dont you try her? 

A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamuss eye, 
and Seamus winked. Snape, however, was not 
pleased. 

Sit down, he snapped at Hermione. For your 
information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a 
sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the 
Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken 

  154 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from 
most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they 
are the same plant, which also goes by the name of 
aconite. Well? Why arent you all copying that down? 

There was a sudden rummaging for quills and 
parchment. Over the noise, Snape said, And a point 
will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, 
Potter. 

Things didnt improve for the Gryffindors as the 
Potions lesson continued. Snape put them all into 
pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to 
cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak, 
watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake 
fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, 
whom he seemed to like. He was just telling everyone 
to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his 
horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a 
loud hissing filled the dungeon. Neville had somehow 
managed to melt Seamuss cauldron into a twisted 
blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone 
floor, burning holes in peoples shoes. Within 
seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools 
while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion 
when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as 
angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs. 

Idiot boy! snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion 
away with one wave of his wand. I suppose you 
added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron 
off the fire? 

Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over 
his nose. 

Take him up to the hospital wing, Snape spat at 
Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who 
had been working next to Neville. 

  155 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




You  Potter  why didnt you tell him not to add 
the quills? Thought hed make you look good if he got 
it wrong, did you? Thats another point youve lost for 
Gryffindor. 

This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to 
argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron. 

Dont push it, he muttered, Ive heard Snape can 
turn very nasty. 

As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour 
later, Harrys mind was racing and his spirits were 
low. Hed lost two points for Gryffindor in his very 
first week  why did Snape hate him so much? 

Cheer up, said Ron, Snapes always taking points 
off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid 
with you? 

At five to three they left the castle and made their way 
across the grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden 
house on the edge of the forbidden forest. A crossbow 
and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door. 

When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling 
from inside and several booming barks. Then Hagrid s 
voice rang out, saying, Back, Fang  back. 

Hagrid s big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he 
pulled the door open. 

Hang on, he said. Back, Fang. 

He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar 
of an enormous black boarhound. 

There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants 
were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was 

  156 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a 
massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it. 

Make yerselves at home, said Hagrid, letting go of 
Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started 
licking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as 
fierce as he looked. 

This is Ron, Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring 
boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock 
cakes onto a plate. 

Another Weasley, eh? said Hagrid, glancing at Rons 
freckles. I spent half me life chasin yer twin brothers 
away from the forest. 

The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins 
that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron 
pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all 
about their first lessons. Fang rested his head on 
Harrys knee and drooled all over his robes. 

Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call 
Filch that old git. 

An as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, Id like ter introduce 
her to Fang sometime. Dyeh know, every time I go up 
ter the school, she follows me everywhere? Cant get 
rid of her  Filch puts her up to it. 

Harry told Hagrid about Snapes lesson. Hagrid, like 
Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape 
liked hardly any of the students. 

But he seemed to really hate me. 

Rubbish! said Hagrid. Why should he? 



  157 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Yet Harry couldnt help thinking that Hagrid didnt 
quite meet his eyes when he said that. 

Hows yer brother Charlie? Hagrid asked Ron. I 
liked him a lot  great with animals. 

Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on 
purpose. While Ron told Hagrid all about Charlies 
work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper 
that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was 
a cutting from the Daily Prophet : 

GRINGOTTS BREAKIN LATEST 

Investigations continue into the breakin at Gringotts 
on 3 1 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark 
wizards or witches unknown. 

Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had 
been taken. The vault that was searched had in fact 
been emptied the same day. 

But were not telling you what was in there, so keep 
your noses out if you know whats good for you, said 
a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon. 

Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that 
someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadnt 
mentioned the date. 

Hagrid! said Harry, that Gringotts breakin 
happened on my birthday! It mightve been happening 
while we were there! 

There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didnt 
meet Harrys eyes this time. He grunted and offered 
him another rock cake. Harry read the story again. 

The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied 
earlier that same day. Hagrid had emptied vault seven 
  158 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, 
taking out that grubby little package. Had that been 
what the thieves were looking for? 

As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for 
dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes 
theyd been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that 
none of the lessons hed had so far had given him as 
much to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid 
collected that package just in time? Where was it 
now? And did Hagrid know something about Snape 
that he didnt want to tell Harry? 



  159 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




9 




THE MIDNIGHT DUEL 

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he 
hated more than Dudley, but that was before he met 
Draco Malfoy. Still, firstyear Gryffindors only had 
Potions with the Slytherins, so they didnt have to put 
up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didnt until 
they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor 
common room that made them all groan. Flying 
lessons would be starting on Thursday  and 
Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together. 

Typical, said Harry darkly. Just what I always 
wanted. To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in 
front of Malfoy. 

He had been looking forward to learning to fly more 
than anything else. 

You dont know that youll make a fool of yourself, 
said Ron reasonably. Anyway, I know Malfoys always 
going on about how good he is at Quidditch, but I bet 
thats all talk. 

  160 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  



Malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot. He 
complained loudly about first years never getting on 
the House Quidditch teams and told long, boastful 
stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly 
escaping Muggles in helicopters. He wasnt the only 
one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, hed 
spent most of his childhood zooming around the 
countryside on his broomstick. Even Ron would tell 
anyone whod listen about the time hed almost hit a 
hang glider on Charlies old broom. Everyone from 
wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly. 
Ron had already had a big argument with Dean 
Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. 
Ron couldnt see what was exciting about a game with 
only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Harry 
had caught Ron prodding Deans poster of West Ham 
soccer team, trying to make the players move. 

Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, 
because his grandmother had never let him near one. 
Privately, Harry felt shed had good reason, because 
Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of 
accidents even with both feet on the ground. 

Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about 
flying as Neville was. This was something you couldnt 
learn by heart out of a book  not that she hadnt 
tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all 
stupid with flying tips shed gotten out of a library 
book called Quidditch Through the Ages. Neville was 
hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything 
that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, 
but everybody else was very pleased when Hermione s 
lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail. 

Harry hadnt had a single letter since Hagrids note, 
something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of 
course. Malfoy s eagle owl was always bringing him 



  161 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




packages of sweets from home, which he opened 
gloatingly at the Slytherin table. 

A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his 
grandmother. He opened it excitedly and showed 
them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which 
seemed to be full of white smoke. 

Its a Remembrall! he explained. Gran knows I 
forget things  this tells you if theres something 
youve forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like this 
and if it turns red  oh ... His face fell, because the 
Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, ... youve 
forgotten something ... 

Neville was trying to remember what hed forgotten 
when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor 
table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand. 

Harry and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half 
hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor 
McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any 
teacher in the school, was there in a flash. 

Whats going on? 

Malfoys got my Remembrall, Professor. 

Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall 
back on the table. 

Just looking, he said, and he sloped away with 
Crabbe and Goyle behind him. 

At threethirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the 
other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto 
the grounds for their first flying lesson. It was a clear, 
breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as 
they marched down the sloping lawns toward a 
  162 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds 
to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying 
darkly in the distance. 

The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty 
broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry 
had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about 
the school brooms, saying that some of them started 
to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly 
to the left. 

Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, 
gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk. 

Well, what are you all waiting for? she barked. 
Everyone stand by a broomstick. Come on, hurry 
up. " 

Harry glanced down at his broom. It was old and 
some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles. 

Stick out your right hand over your broom, called 
Madam Hooch at the front, and say Up!  

UP! everyone shouted. 

Harrys broom jumped into his hand at once, but it 
was one of the few that did. Hermione Grangers had 
simply rolled over on the ground, and Nevilles hadnt 
moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell 
when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a 
quaver in Nevilles voice that said only too clearly that 
he wanted to keep his feet on the ground. 

Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their 
brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up 
and down the rows correcting their grips. Harry and 
Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy hed been 
doing it wrong for years. 

  163 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the 
ground, hard, said Madam Hooch. Keep your 
brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight 
back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle 
 three  two   

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of 
being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the 
whistle had touched Madam Hoochs lips. 

Come back, boy! she shouted, but Neville was rising 
straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle  twelve 
feet  twenty feet. Harry saw his scared white face 
look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, 
slip sideways off the broom and  

WHAM  a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay 
facedown on the grass in a heap. His broomstick was 
still rising higher and higher, and started to drift 
lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight. 

Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as 
white as his. 

Broken wrist, Harry heard her mutter. Come on, 
boy  its all right, up you get. 

She turned to the rest of the class. 

None of you is to move while I take this boy to the 
hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are 
or youll be out of Hogwarts before you can say 
Quidditch. Come on, dear. 

Neville, his face tearstreaked, clutching his wrist, 
hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm 
around him. 



  164 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst 
into laughter. 

Did you see his face, the great lump? 

The other Slytherins joined in. 

Shut up, Malfoy, snapped Parvati Patil. 

Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom? said Pansy 
Parkinson, a hardfaced Slytherin girl. Never thought 
youd like fat little crybabies, Parvati. 

Look! said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching 
something out of the grass. Its that stupid thing 
Longbottoms gran sent him. 

The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up. 

Give that here, Malfoy, said Harry quietly. Everyone 
stopped talking to watch. 

Malfoy smiled nastily. 

I think Ill leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find 
 how about  up a tree? 

Give it here! Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto 
his broomstick and taken off. He hadnt been lying, he 
could fly well. Hovering level with the topmost 
branches of an oak he called, Come and get it, 
Potter! 

Harry grabbed his broom. 

iVo! shouted Hermione Granger. Madam Hooch told 
us not to move  youll get us all into trouble. 



  165 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. 

He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the 
ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his 
hair, and his robes whipped out behind him  and in 
a rush of fierce joy he realized hed found something 
he could do without being taught  this was easy, 
this was wonderful. He pulled his broomstick up a 
little to take it even higher, and heard screams and 
gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring 
whoop from Ron. 

He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in 
midair. Malfoy looked stunned. 

Give it here, Harry called, or Ill knock you off that 
broom! 

Oh, yeah? said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking 
worried. 

Harry knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward 
and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it 
shot toward Malfoy like a javelin. Malfoy only just got 
out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about 
face and held the broom steady. A few people below 
were clapping. 

No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, 
Malfoy, Harry called. 

The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy. 

Catch it if you can, then! he shouted, and he threw 
the glass ball high into the air and streaked back 
toward the ground. 

Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up 
in the air and then start to fall. He leaned forward 
and pointed his broom handle down  next second 

  166 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball 
 wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the 
screams of people watching  he stretched out his 
hand  a foot from the ground he caught it, just in 
time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently 
onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in 
his fist. 

HARRY POTTER! 

His heart sank faster than hed just dived. Professor 
McGonagall was running toward them. He got to his 
feet, trembling. 

Never  in all my time at Hogwarts   

Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with 
shock, and her glasses flashed furiously,   how dare 
you  might have broken your neck   

It wasnt his fault, Professor   

Be quiet, Miss Patil   

But Malfoy   

Thats enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now. 

Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyles 
triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in 
Professor McGonagalls wake as she strode toward the 
castle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. 

He wanted to say something to defend himself, but 
there seemed to be something wrong with his voice. 
Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without 
even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now 
hed done it. He hadnt even lasted two weeks. Hed be 
packing his bags in ten minutes. What would the 
Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep? 
  167 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, 
and still Professor McGonagall didnt say a word to 
him. She wrenched open doors and marched along 
corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her. 
Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore. He 
thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as 
gamekeeper. Perhaps he could be Hagrids assistant. 
His stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron 
and the others becoming wizards while he stumped 
around the grounds carrying Hagrids bag. 

Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom. 
She opened the door and poked her head inside. 

Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood 
for a moment? 

Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane 
she was going to use on him? 

But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifthyear 
boy who came out of Flitwicks class looking 
confused. 

Follow me, you two, said Professor McGonagall, and 
they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking 
curiously at Harry. 

In here. 

Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom 
that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy 
writing rude words on the blackboard. 

Out, Peeves! she barked. Peeves threw the chalk 
into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out 
cursing. Professor McGonagall slammed the door 
behind him and turned to face the two boys. 



  168 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood  Ive found you a 
Seeker. 

Woods expression changed from puzzlement to 
delight. 

Are you serious, Professor? 

Absolutely, said Professor McGonagall crisply. The 
boys a natural. Ive never seen anything like it. Was 
that your first time on a broomstick, Potter? 

Harry nodded silently. He didnt have a clue what was 
going on, but he didnt seem to be being expelled, and 
some of the feeling started coming back to his legs. 

He caught that thing in his hand after a fiftyfoot 
dive, Professor McGonagall told Wood. Didnt even 
scratch himself. Charlie Weasley couldnt have done 
it. 

Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had 
come true at once. 

Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter? he asked 
excitedly. 

Woods captain of the Gryffindor team, Professor 
McGonagall explained. 

Hes just the build for a Seeker, too, said Wood, now 
walking around Harry and staring at him. Light  
speedy  well have to get him a decent broom, 
Professor  a Nimbus Two Thousand or a 
Cleansweep Seven, Id say. 

I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we 
cant bend the firstyear rule. Heaven knows, we need 
a better team than last year. Flattened in that last 

  169 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




match by Slytherin, I couldnt look Severus Snape in 
the face for weeks. ... 

Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses 
at Harry. 

I want to hear youre training hard, Potter, or I may 
change my mind about punishing you. 

Then she suddenly smiled. 

Your father would have been proud, she said. He 
was an excellent Quidditch player himself. 

Youre joking. 

It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling Ron 
what had happened when hed left the grounds with 
Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of steak and 
kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but hed forgotten all 
about it. 

Seeker? he said. But first years never  you must 
be the youngest House player in about   

  a century, said Harry, shoveling pie into his 
mouth. He felt particularly hungry after the 
excitement of the afternoon. Wood told me. 

Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and 
gaped at Harry. 

I start training next week, said Harry. Only dont 
tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret. 

Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, 
spotted Harry, and hurried over. 



  170 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Well done, said George in a low voice. Wood told us. 
Were on the team too  Beaters. 

I tell you, were going to win that Quidditch Cup for 
sure this year, said Fred. We havent won since 
Charlie left, but this years team is going to be 
brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost 
skipping when he told us. 

Anyway, weve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons hes 
found a new secret passageway out of the school. 

Bet its that one behind the statue of Gregory the 
Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you. 

Fred and George had hardly disappeared when 
someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked 
by Crabbe and Goyle. 

Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the 
train back to the Muggles? 

Youre a lot braver now that youre back on the 
ground and youve got your little friends with you, 
said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all 
little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table 
was full of teachers, neither of them could do more 
than crack their knuckles and scowl. 

Id take you on anytime on my own, said Malfoy. 
Tonight, if you want. Wizards duel. Wands only  
no contact. Whats the matter? Never heard of a 
wizards duel before, I suppose? 

Of course he has, said Ron, wheeling around. Im 
his second, whos yours? 

Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up. 



  171 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Crabbe, he said. Midnight all right? Well meet you 
in the trophy room; thats always unlocked. 

When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each 
other. 

What is a wizards duel? said Harry. And what do 
you mean, youre my second? 

Well, a seconds there to take over if you die, said 
Ron casually, getting started at last on his cold pie. 
Catching the look on Harrys face, he added quickly, 
But people only die in proper duels, you know, with 
real wizards. The most you and Malfoyll be able to do 
is send sparks at each other. Neither of you knows 
enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he 
expected you to refuse, anyway. 

And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens? 

Throw it away and punch him on the nose, Ron 
suggested. 

Excuse me. 

They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger. 

Cant a person eat in peace in this place? said Ron. 

Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry. 

I couldnt help overhearing what you and Malfoy 
were saying   

Bet you could, Ron muttered. 

  and you mustnt go wandering around the school 
at night, think of the points youll lose Gryffindor if 



  172 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




youre caught, and youre bound to be. Its really very 
selfish of you. 

And its really none of your business, said Harry. 
Goodbye, said Ron. 

All the same, it wasnt what youd call the perfect end 
to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later 
listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville 
wasnt back from the hospital wing). Ron had spent 
all evening giving him advice such as If he tries to 
curse you, youd better dodge it, because I cant 
remember how to block them. There was a very good 
chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. 
Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, 
breaking another school rule today. On the other 
hand, Malfoys sneering face kept looming up out of 
the darkness  this was his big chance to beat 
Malfoy facetoface. He couldnt miss it. 

Halfpast eleven, Ron muttered at last, wed better 
go. 

They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their 
wands, and crept across the tower room, down the 
spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common 
room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, 
turning all the armchairs into hunched black 
shadows. They had almost reached the portrait hole 
when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, I 
cant believe youre going to do this, Harry. 

A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione Granger, 
wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown. 

You! said Ron furiously. Go back to bed! 



  173 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I almost told your brother, Hermione snapped, 

Percy  hes a prefect, hed put a stop to this. 

Harry couldnt believe anyone could be so interfering. 

Come on, he said to Ron. He pushed open the 
portrait of the Fat Lady and climbed through the hole. 

Hermione wasnt going to give up that easily. She 
followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at 
them like an angry goose. 

Dont you care about Gryffindor, do you only care 
about yourselves, / dont want Slytherin to win the 
House Cup, and youll lose all the points I got from 
Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching 
Spells. 

Go away. 

All right, but I warned you, you just remember what 
I said when youre on the train home tomorrow, 
youre so   

But what they were, they didnt find out. Hermione 
had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back 
inside and found herself facing an empty painting. 

The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and 
Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor Tower. 

Now what am I going to do? she asked shrilly. 

Thats your problem, said Ron. Weve got to go, 
were going to be late. 

They hadnt even reached the end of the corridor 
when Hermione caught up with them. 

Im coming with you, she said. 

  174 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




You are not. 



Dyou think Im going to stand out here and wait for 
Filch to catch me? If he finds all three of us Ill tell 
him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you 
can back me up. 

Youve got some nerve   said Ron loudly. 

Shut up, both of you! said Harry sharply. I heard 
something. 

It was a sort of snuffling. 

Mrs. Norris? breathed Ron, squinting through the 
dark. 

It wasnt Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was curled up 
on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake 
as they crept nearer. 

Thank goodness you found me! Ive been out here for 
hours, I couldnt remember the new password to get 
in to bed. 

Keep your voice down, Neville. The passwords Pig 
snout but it wont help you now, the Fat Ladys gone 
off somewhere. 

Hows your arm? said Harry. 

Fine, said Neville, showing them. Madam Pomfrey 
mended it in about a minute. 

Good  well, look, Neville, weve got to be 
somewhere, well see you later   



  175 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dont leave me! said Neville, scrambling to his feet, 

I dont want to stay here alone, the Bloody Barons 
been past twice already. 

Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at 
Hermione and Neville. 

If either of you get us caught, Ill never rest until Ive 
learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us 
about, and used it on you. 

Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron 
exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry 
hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all 
forward. 

They flitted along corridors striped with bars of 
moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Harry 
expected to run into Filch or Mrs. Norris, but they 
were lucky. They sped up a staircase to the third floor 
and tiptoed toward the trophy room. 

Malfoy and Crabbe werent there yet. The crystal 
trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught 
them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver 
and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls, 
keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the 
room. Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in 
and started at once. The minutes crept by. 

Hes late, maybe hes chickened out, Ron whispered. 

Then a noise in the next room made them jump. 

Harry had only just raised his wand when they heard 
someone speak  and it wasnt Malfoy. 

Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a 
corner. 



  176 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horrorstruck, 
Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as 
quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the 
door, away from Filchs voice. Nevilles robes had 
barely whipped round the corner when they heard 
Filch enter the trophy room. 

Theyre in here somewhere, they heard him mutter, 
probably hiding. 

This way! Harry mouthed to the others and, 
petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full 
of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting 
nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak 
and broke into a run  he tripped, grabbed Ron 
around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right 
into a suit of armor. 

The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the 
whole castle. 

RUN! Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted 
down the gallery, not looking back to see whether 
Filch was following  they swung around the 
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then 
another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where 
they were or where they were going  they ripped 
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden 
passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their 
Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from 
the trophy room. 

I think weve lost him, Harry panted, leaning against 
the cold wall and wiping his forehead. Neville was 
bent double, wheezing and spluttering. 

I  told  you, Hermione gasped, clutching at the 
stitch in her chest, I  told  you. 



  177 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Weve got to get back to Gryffindor Tower, said Ron, 
quickly as possible. 

Malfoy tricked you, Hermione said to Harry. You 
realize that, dont you? He was never going to meet 
you  Filch knew someone was going to be in the 
trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off. 

Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasnt 
going to tell her that. 

Lets go. 

It wasnt going to be that simple. They hadnt gone 
more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled 
and something came shooting out of a classroom in 
front of them. 

It was Peeves. He caught sight of them and gave a 
squeal of delight. 

Shut up, Peeves  please  youll get us thrown 
out. 

Peeves cackled. 

Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, 
tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, youll get caughty. 

Not if you dont give us away, Peeves, please. 

Should tell Filch, I should, said Peeves in a sanity 
voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly. Its for your 
own good, you know. 

Get out of the way, snapped Ron, taking a swipe at 
Peeves  this was a big mistake. 



  178 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




STUDENTS OUT OF BED! Peeves bellowed, 
STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS 
CORRIDOR! 

Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right 
to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a 
door  and it was locked. 

This is it! Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at 
the door, Were done for! This is the end! 

They could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he 
could toward Peeves s shouts. 

Oh, move over, Hermione snarled. She grabbed 
Harrys wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, 
Alohomora\ 

The lock clicked and the door swung open  they 
piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their 
ears against it, listening. 

Which way did they go, Peeves? Filch was saying. 
Quick, tell me. 

Say please.  

Dont mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go? 

Shant say nothing if you dont say please, said 
Peeves in his annoying singsong voice. 

All right  please. 

NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldnt say nothing 
if you didnt say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa! And they 
heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch 
cursing in rage. 



  179 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He thinks this door is locked, Harry whispered. I 
think well be okay  get off Neville! For Neville had 
been tugging on the sleeve of Harrys bathrobe for the 
last minute. What? 

Harry turned around  and saw, quite clearly, what. 
For a moment, he was sure hed walked into a 
nightmare  this was too much, on top of everything 
that had happened so far. 

They werent in a room, as he had supposed. They 
were in a corridor. The forbidden corridor on the third 
floor. And now they knew why it was forbidden. 

They were looking straight into the eyes of a 
monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space 
between ceiling and floor. It had three heads. Three 
pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and 
quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, 
saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs. 

It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, 
and Harry knew that the only reason they werent 
already dead was that their sudden appearance had 
taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over 
that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous 
growls meant. 

Harry groped for the doorknob  between Filch and 
death, hed take Filch. 

They fell backward  Harry slammed the door shut, 
and they ran, they almost flew, back down the 
corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look for them 
somewhere else, because they didnt see him 
anywhere, but they hardly cared  all they wanted to 
do was put as much space as possible between them 
and that monster. They didnt stop running until they 



  180 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh 
floor. 

Where on earth have you all been? she asked, 
looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders 
and their flushed, sweaty faces. 

Never mind that  pig snout, pig snout, panted 
Harry, and the portrait swung forward. They 
scrambled into the common room and collapsed, 
trembling, into armchairs. 

It was a while before any of them said anything. 
Neville, indeed, looked as if hed never speak again. 

What do they think theyre doing, keeping a thing 
like that locked up in a school? said Ron finally. If 
any dog needs exercise, that one does. 

Hermione had got both her breath and her bad 
temper back again. 

You dont use your eyes, any of you, do you? she 
snapped. Didnt you see what it was standing on? 

The floor? Harry suggested. I wasnt looking at its 
feet, I was too busy with its heads. 

No, not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. Its 
obviously guarding something. 

She stood up, glaring at them. 

I hope youre pleased with yourselves. We could all 
have been killed  or worse, expelled. Now, if you 
dont mind, Im going to bed. 

Ron stared after her, his mouth open. 



  181 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




No, we dont mind, he said. Youd think we dragged 
her along, wouldnt you? 

But Hermione had given Harry something else to 
think about as he climbed back into bed. The dog was 
guarding something. . . . What had Hagrid said? 
Gringotts was the safest place in the world for 
something you wanted to hide  except perhaps 
Hogwarts. 

It looked as though Harry had found out where the 
grubby little package from vault seven hundred and 
thirteen was. 



  182 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




10 




HALLOWEEN 

Malfoy couldnt believe his eyes when he saw that 
Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, 
looking tired but perfectly cheerful. Indeed, by the 
next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting 
the threeheaded dog had been an excellent 
adventure, and they were quite keen to have another 
one. In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the 
package that seemed to have been moved from 
Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time 
wondering what could possibly need such heavy 
protection. 

Its either really valuable or really dangerous, said 
Ron. 

Or both, said Harry. 

But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious 
object was that it was about two inches long, they 
didnt have much chance of guessing what it was 
without further clues. 

  183 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone  



Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest 
interest in what lay underneath the dog and the 
trapdoor. All Neville cared about was never going near 
the dog again. 

Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and 
Ron, but she was such a bossy knowitall that they 
saw this as an added bonus. All they really wanted 
now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their 
great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail 
about a week later. 

As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, 
everyones attention was caught at once by a long, 
thin package carried by six large screech owls. Harry 
was just as interested as everyone else to see what 
was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the 
owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, 
knocking his bacon to the floor. They had hardly 
fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a 
letter on top of the parcel. 

Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, 
because it said: 



DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE. 

It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I 
dont want everybody knowing youve got a 
broomstick or theyll all want one. Oliver Wood will 
meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven 
oclock for your first training session. 

Professor M. McGonagall 

Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the 
note to Ron to read. 

  184 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




A Nimbus Two Thousand! Ron moaned enviously. 
Ive never even touched one. 

They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the 
broomstick in private before their first class, but 
halfway across the entrance hall they found the way 
upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized 
the package from Harry and felt it. 

Thats a broomstick, he said, throwing it back to 
Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face. 
Youll be in for it this time, Potter, first years arent 
allowed them. 

Ron couldnt resist it. 

Its not any old broomstick, he said, its a Nimbus 
Two Thousand. What did you say youve got at home, 
Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty? Ron grinned at Harry. 
Comets look flashy, but theyre not in the same 
league as the Nimbus. 

What would you know about it, Weasley, you 
couldnt afford half the handle, Malfoy snapped back. 
I suppose you and your brothers have to save up 
twig by twig. 

Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared 
at Malfoys elbow. 

Not arguing, I hope, boys? he squeaked. 

Potters been sent a broomstick, Professor, said 
Malfoy quickly. 

Yes, yes, thats right, said Professor Flitwick, 
beaming at Harry. Professor McGonagall told me all 
about the special circumstances, Potter. And what 
model is it? 

  185 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




A Nimbus Two Thousand, sir, said Harry, fighting 
not to laugh at the look of horror on Malfoys face. 
And its really thanks to Malfoy here that Ive got it, 
he added. 

Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their 
laughter at Malfoys obvious rage and confusion. 

Well, its true, Harry chortled as they reached the 
top of the marble staircase, If he hadnt stolen 
Nevilles Remembrall I wouldnt be on the team. ... 

So I suppose you think thats a reward for breaking 
rules? came an angry voice from just behind them. 
Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking 
disapprovingly at the package in Harrys hand. 

I thought you werent speaking to us? said Harry. 

Yes, dont stop now, said Ron, its doing us so 
much good. 

Hermione marched away with her nose in the air. 

Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his 
lessons that day. It kept wandering up to the 
dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under 
his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where 
hed be learning to play that night. He bolted his 
dinner that evening without noticing what he was 
eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap 
the Nimbus Two Thousand at last. 

Wow, Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto 
Harrys bedspread. 

Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different 
brooms, thought it looked wonderful. Sleek and 
shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of 

  186 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand 
written in gold near the top. 

As seven oclock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and 
set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field. Hed 
never been inside the stadium before. Hundreds of 
seats were raised in stands around the field so that 
the spectators were high enough to see what was 
going on. At either end of the field were three golden 
poles with hoops on the end. They reminded Harry of 
the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles 
through, except that they were fifty feet high. 

Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry 
mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the 
ground. What a feeling  he swooped in and out of 
the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. 
The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he 
wanted at his lightest touch. 

Hey, Potter, come down! 

Oliver Wood had arrived. He was carrying a large 
wooden crate under his arm. Harry landed next to 
him. 

Very nice, said Wood, his eyes glinting. I see what 
McGonagall meant ... you really are a natural. Im 
just going to teach you the rules this evening, then 
youll be joining team practice three times a week. 

He opened the crate. Inside were four differentsized 
balls. 

Right, said Wood. Now, Quidditch is easy enough to 
understand, even if its not too easy to play. There are 
seven players on each side. Three of them are called 
Chasers. 



  187 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Three Chasers, Harry repeated, as Wood took out a 
bright red ball about the size of a soccer ball. 

This balls called the Quaffle, said Wood. The 
Chasers throw the Quaffle to each other and try and 
get it through one of the hoops to score a goal. Ten 
points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the 
hoops. Follow me? 

The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through 
the hoops to score, Harry recited. So  thats sort of 
like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isnt 
it? 



Whats basketball? said Wood curiously. 

Never mind, said Harry quickly. 

Now, theres another player on each side whos called 
the Keeper  Im Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly 
around our hoops and stop the other team from 
scoring. 

Three Chasers, one Keeper, said Harry, who was 
determined to remember it all. And they play with 
the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are they for? He 
pointed at the three balls left inside the box. 

Ill show you now, said Wood. Take this. 

He handed Harry a small club, a bit like a short 
baseball bat. 

Im going to show you what the Bludgers do, Wood 
said. These two are the Bludgers. 

He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and 
slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Harry noticed 



  188 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps 
holding them inside the box. 

Stand back, Wood warned Harry. He bent down and 
freed one of the Bludgers. 

At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then 
pelted straight at Harrys face. Harry swung at it with 
the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it 
zigzagging away into the air  it zoomed around their 
heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it 
and managed to pin it to the ground. 

See? Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger 
back into the crate and strapping it down safely. The 
Bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off 
their brooms. Thats why you have two Beaters on 
each team  the Weasley twins are ours  its their 
job to protect their side from the Bludgers and try and 
knock them toward the other team. So  think youve 
got all that? 

Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the 
Keeper guards the goal posts; the Beaters keep the 
Bludgers away from their team, Harry reeled off. 

Very good, said Wood. 

Er  have the Bludgers ever killed anyone? Harry 
asked, hoping he sounded offhand. 

Never at Hogwarts. Weve had a couple of broken 
jaws but nothing worse than that. Now, the last 
member of the team is the Seeker. Thats you. And 
you dont have to worry about the Quaffle or the 
Bludgers   

  unless they crack my head open. 



  189 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dont worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for 
the Bludgers  I mean, theyre like a pair of human 
Bludgers themselves. 

Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth 
and last ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the 
Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut. 
It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver 
wings. 

This, said Wood, is the Golden Snitch, and its the 
most important ball of the lot. Its very hard to catch 
because its so fast and difficult to see. Its the 
Seekers job to catch it. Youve got to weave in and out 
of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get 
it before the other teams Seeker, because whichever 
Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra 
hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win. 
Thats why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of 
Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it 
can go on for ages  I think the record is three 
months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so 
the players could get some sleep. 

Well, thats it  any questions? 

Harry shook his head. He understood what he had to 
do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the 
problem. 

We wont practice with the Snitch yet, said Wood, 
carefully shutting it back inside the crate, its too 
dark, we might lose it. Lets try you out with a few of 
these. 

He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket 
and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the 
air, Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could 
in every direction for Harry to catch. 

  190 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry didnt miss a single one, and Wood was 
delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen 
and they couldnt carry on. 

That Quidditch Cupll have our name on it this year, 
said Wood happily as they trudged back up to the 
castle. I wouldnt be surprised if you turn out better 
than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for 
England if he hadnt gone off chasing dragons. 

Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what 
with Quidditch practice three evenings a week on top 
of all his homework, but Harry could hardly believe it 
when he realized that hed already been at Hogwarts 
two months. The castle felt more like home than 
Privet Drive ever had. His lessons, too, were becoming 
more and more interesting now that they had 
mastered the basics. 

On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious 
smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the 
corridors. Even better, Professor Flitwick announced 
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start 
making objects fly, something they had all been dying 
to try since theyd seen him make Nevilles toad zoom 
around the classroom. Professor Flitwick put the 
class into pairs to practice. Harrys partner was 
Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief, because Neville 
had been trying to catch his eye). Ron, however, was 
to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to 
tell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. 
She hadnt spoken to either of them since the day 
Harrys broomstick had arrived. 

Now, dont forget that nice wrist movement weve 
been practicing! squeaked Professor Flitwick, 
perched on top of his pile of books as usual. Swish 
and flick, remember, swish and flick. And saying the 
magic words properly is very important, too  never 
  191 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




forget Wizard Baruffio, who said s instead of f and 
found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his 
chest. 

It was very difficult. Harry and Seamus swished and 
flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be 
sending skyward just lay on the desktop. Seamus got 
so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set 
fire to it  Harry had to put it out with his hat. 

Ron, at the next table, wasnt having much more 
luck. 

Wingardium Leviosal he shouted, waving his long 
arms like a windmill. 

Youre saying it wrong, Harry heard Hermione snap. 
Its Winggardium Leviosa, make the gar nice and 
long. 

You do it, then, if youre so clever, Ron snarled. 

Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked 
her wand, and said, Wingardium LeviosaV 

Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four 
feet above their heads. 

Oh, well done! cried Professor Flitwick, clapping. 
Everyone see here, Miss Grangers done it! 

Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. 

Its no wonder no one can stand her, he said to 
Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded 
corridor, shes a nightmare, honestly. 



  192 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past 
him. It was Hermione. Harry caught a glimpse of her 
face  and was startled to see that she was in tears. 

I think she heard you. 

So? said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable. 
She mustve noticed shes got no friends. 

Hermione didnt turn up for the next class and wasnt 
seen all afternoon. On their way down to the Great 
Hall for the Halloween feast, Harry and Ron overheard 
Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione 
was crying in the girls bathroom and wanted to be 
left alone. Ron looked still more awkward at this, but 
a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, 
where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of 
their minds. 

A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and 
ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the 
tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the 
pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on 
the golden plates, as it had at the startofterm 
banquet. 

Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato 
when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, 
his turban askew and terror on his face. Everyone 
stared as he reached Professor Dumbledores chair, 
slumped against the table, and gasped, Troll  in 
the dungeons  thought you ought to know. 

He then sank to the floor in a dead faint. 

There was an uproar. It took several purple 
firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor 
Dumbledores wand to bring silence. 



  193 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Prefects, he rumbled, lead your Houses back to the 
dormitories immediately! 

Percy was in his element. 

Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear 
the troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind 
me, now. Make way, first years coming through! 
Excuse me, Im a prefect! 

How could a troll get in? Harry asked as they 
climbed the stairs. 

Dont ask me, theyre supposed to be really stupid, 
said Ron. Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween 
joke. 

They passed different groups of people hurrying in 
different directions. As they jostled their way through 
a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly 
grabbed Rons arm. 

Ive just thought  Hermione. 

What about her? 

She doesnt know about the troll. 

Ron bit his lip. 

Oh, all right, he snapped. But Percyd better not 
see us. 

Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the 
other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and 
hurried off toward the girls bathroom. They had just 
turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps 
behind them. 



  194 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Percy! hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large 
stone griffin. 

Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but 
Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from 
view. 

Whats he doing? Harry whispered. Why isnt he 
down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers? 

Search me. 

Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor 
after Snape s fading footsteps. 

Hes heading for the third floor, Harry said, but Ron 
held up his hand. 

Can you smell something? 

Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a 
mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no 
one seems to clean. 

And then they heard it  a low grunting, and the 
shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. Ron pointed  at 
the end of a passage to the left, something huge was 
moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows 
and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight. 

It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a 
dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder 
with its small bald head perched on top like a 
coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trunks with 
flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was 
incredible. It was holding a huge wooden club, which 
dragged along the floor because its arms were so long. 



  195 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. 
It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then 
slouched slowly into the room. 

The keys in the lock, Harry muttered. We could 
lock it in. 

Good idea, said Ron nervously. 

They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, 
praying the troll wasnt about to come out of it. With 
one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam 
the door, and lock it. 

Yes! 

Flushed with their victory, they started to run back 
up the passage, but as they reached the corner they 
heard something that made their hearts stop  a 
high, petrified scream  and it was coming from the 
chamber theyd just chained up. 

Oh, no, said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron. 

Its the girls bathroom! Harry gasped. 

 Hermionel they said together. 

It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what 
choice did they have? Wheeling around, they sprinted 
back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their 
panic. Harry pulled the door open and they ran 
inside. 

Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall 
opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll 
was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the 
walls as it went. 



  196 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Confuse it! Harry said desperately to Ron, and, 
seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against 
the wall. 

The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione. It 
lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had 
made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw Harry. It 
hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club 
as it went. 

Oy, peabrain! yelled Ron from the other side of the 
chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll 
didnt even seem to notice the pipe hitting its 
shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, 
turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving 
Harry time to run around it. 

Come on, run, run\ Harry yelled at Hermione, trying 
to pull her toward the door, but she couldnt move, 
she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open 
with terror. 

The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the 
troll berserk. It roared again and started toward Ron, 
who was nearest and had no way to escape. 

Harry then did something that was both very brave 
and very stupid: He took a great running jump and 
managed to fasten his arms around the trolls neck 
from behind. The troll couldnt feel Harry hanging 
there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit 
of wood up its nose, and Harrys wand had still been 
in his hand when hed jumped  it had gone straight 
up one of the trolls nostrils. 

Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its 
club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, 
the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a 
terrible blow with the club. 

  197 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled 
out his own wand  not knowing what he was going 
to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came 
into his head: Wingardium Leviosal 

The club flew suddenly out of the trolls hand, rose 
high, high up into the air, turned slowly over  and 
dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owners 
head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat 
on its face, with a thud that made the whole room 
tremble. 

Harry got to his feet. He was shaking and out of 
breath. Ron was standing there with his wand still 
raised, staring at what he had done. 

It was Hermione who spoke first. 

Is it  dead? 

I dont think so, said Harry, I think its just been 
knocked out. 

He bent down and pulled his wand out of the trolls 
nose. It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray 
glue. 

Urgh  troll boogers. 

He wiped it on the trolls trousers. 

A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the 
three of them look up. They hadnt realized what a 
racket they had been making, but of course, someone 
downstairs must have heard the crashes and the 
trolls roars. A moment later, Professor McGonagall 
had come bursting into the room, closely followed by 
Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell 



  198 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and 
sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart. 

Snape bent over the troll. Professor McGonagall was 
looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her 
look so angry. Her lips were white. Hopes of winning 
fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harrys 
mind. 

What on earth were you thinking of? said Professor 
McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice. Harry looked 
at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the 
air. Youre lucky you werent killed. Why arent you 
in your dormitory? 

Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked 
at the floor. He wished Ron would put his wand down. 

Then a small voice came out of the shadows. 

Please, Professor McGonagall  they were looking for 
me. 

Miss Granger! 

Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last. 

I went looking for the troll because I  I thought I 
could deal with it on my own  you know, because 
Ive read all about them. 

Ron dropped his wand. Hermione Granger, telling a 
downright lie to a teacher? 

If they hadnt found me, Id be dead now. Harry 
stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out 
with its own club. They didnt have time to come and 
fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they 
arrived. 

  199 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story 
wasnt new to them. 

Well  in that case ... said Professor McGonagall, 
staring at the three of them, Miss Granger, you 
foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a 
mountain troll on your own? 

Hermione hung her head. Harry was speechless. 
Hermione was the last person to do anything against 
the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, to 
get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started 
handing out sweets. 

Miss Granger, five points will be taken from 
Gryffindor for this, said Professor McGonagall. Im 
very disappointed in you. If youre not hurt at all, 
youd better get off to Gryffindor Tower. Students are 
finishing the feast in their Houses. 

Hermione left. 

Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron. 

Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first 
years could have taken on a fullgrown mountain 
troll. You each win Gryffindor five points. Professor 
Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go. 

They hurried out of the chamber and didnt speak at 
all until they had climbed two floors up. It was a relief 
to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from 
anything else. 

We should have gotten more than ten points, Ron 
grumbled. 

Five, you mean, once shes taken off Hermione s. 



  200 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Good of her to get us out of trouble like that, Ron 
admitted. Mind you, we did save her. 

She might not have needed saving if we hadnt 
locked the thing in with her, Harry reminded him. 

They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady. 

Pig snout, they said and entered. 

The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone 
was eating the food that had been sent up. Hermione, 
however, stood alone by the door, waiting for them. 
There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of 
them looking at each other, they all said Thanks, 
and hurried off to get plates. 

But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became 
their friend. There are some things you cant share 
without ending up liking each other, and knocking 
out a twelvefoot mountain troll is one of them. 



  201 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   





QUIDDITCH 

As they entered November, the weather turned very 
cold. The mountains around the school became icy 
gray and the lake like chilled steel. Every morning the 
ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could be seen 
from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on 
the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin 
overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin 
boots. 

The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Harry 
would be playing in his first match after weeks of 
training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If Gryffindor 
won, they would move up into second place in the 
House Championship. 

Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood 
had decided that, as their secret weapon, Harry 
should be kept, well, secret. But the news that he was 
playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry 
didnt know which was worse  people telling him 
hed be brilliant or people telling him theyd be 
running around underneath him holding a mattress. 
  202 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a 
friend. He didnt know how hed have gotten through 
all his homework without her, what with all the last 
minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them 
do. She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, 
which turned out to be a very interesting read. 

Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of 
committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had 
happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that 
Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, 
and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to 
happen to them; that although people rarely died 
playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish 
and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert. 

Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about 
breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her 
from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for 
it. The day before Harrys first Quidditch match the 
three of them were out in the freezing courtyard 
during break, and she had conjured them up a bright 
blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. 
They were standing with their backs to it, getting 
warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at 
once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from 
view; they were sure it wouldnt be allowed. 
Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces 
caught Snapes eye. He limped over. He hadnt seen 
the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to 
tell them off anyway. 

Whats that youve got there, Potter? 

It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Harry showed him. 



  203 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Library books are not to be taken outside the 
school, said Snape. Give it to me. Five points from 
Gryffindor. 

Hes just made that rule up, Harry muttered angrily 
as Snape limped away. Wonder whats wrong with 
his leg? 

Dunno, but I hope its really hurting him, said Ron 
bitterly. 

The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that 
evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next 
to a window. Hermione was checking Harry and Rons 
Charms homework for them. She would never let 
them copy (How will you learn?), but by asking her 
to read it through, they got the right answers anyway. 

Harry felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the 
Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves about 
tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting 
up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask 
Snape if he could have it. 

Better you than me, they said together, but Harry 
had an idea that Snape wouldnt refuse if there were 
other teachers listening. 

He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked. 
There was no answer. He knocked again. Nothing. 

Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was 
worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered 
inside  and a horrible scene met his eyes. 

Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was 
holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was 
bloody and mangled. Filch was handing Snape 
bandages. 

  204 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Blasted thing, Snape was saying. How are you 
supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at 
once? 

Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but  

POTTER! 

Snape s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his 
robes quickly to hide his leg. Harry gulped. 

I just wondered if I could have my book back. 

GET OUT! OUT! 

Harry left, before Snape could take any more points 
from Gryffindor. He sprinted back upstairs. 

Did you get it? Ron asked as Harry joined them. 
Whats the matter? 

In a low whisper, Harry told them what hed seen. 

You know what this means? he finished 
breathlessly. He tried to get past that threeheaded 
dog at Halloween! Thats where he was going when we 
saw him  hes after whatever its guarding! And Id 
bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a 
diversion! 

Hermiones eyes were wide. 

No  he wouldnt, she said. I know hes not very 
nice, but he wouldnt try and steal something 
Dumbledore was keeping safe. 

Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints 
or something, snapped Ron. Im with Harry. I 



  205 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




wouldnt put anything past Snape. But whats he 
after? Whats that dog guarding? 

Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the 
same question. Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry 
couldnt sleep. He tried to empty his mind  he 
needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch 
match in a few hours  but the expression on 
Snapes face when Harry had seen his leg wasnt easy 
to forget. 

The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The 
Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried 
sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking 
forward to a good Quidditch match. 

Youve got to eat some breakfast. 

I dont want anything. 

Just a bit of toast, wheedled Hermione. 

Im not hungry. 

Harry felt terrible. In an hours time hed be walking 
onto the field. 

Harry, you need your strength, said Seamus 
Finnigan. Seekers are always the ones who get 
clobbered by the other team. 

Thanks, Seamus, said Harry, watching Seamus pile 
ketchup on his sausages. 

By eleven oclock the whole school seemed to be out 
in the stands around the Quidditch pitch. Many 
students had binoculars. The seats might be raised 
high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what 
was going on sometimes. 

  206 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean 
the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for 
Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the 
sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said Potter for 
President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had 
done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then 
Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that 
the paint flashed different colors. 

Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of 
the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch 
robes (Slytherin would be playing in green) . 

Wood cleared his throat for silence. 

Okay, men, he said. 

And women, said Chaser Angelina Johnson. 

And women, Wood agreed. This is it. 

The big one, said Fred Weasley. 

The one weve all been waiting for, said George. 

We know Olivers speech by heart, Fred told Harry, 
we were on the team last year. 

Shut up, you two, said Wood. This is the best team 
Gryffindors had in years. Were going to win. I know 
it. 

He glared at them all as if to say, Or else. 

Right. Its time. Good luck, all of you. 

Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker 
room and, hoping his knees werent going to give way, 
walked onto the field to loud cheers. 

  207 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the 
middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her 
broom in her hand. 

Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you, she said, 
once they were all gathered around her. Harry noticed 
that she seemed to be speaking particularly to the 
Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a fifth year. Harry 
thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in 
him. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the fluttering 
banner high above, flashing Potter for President over 
the crowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver. 

Mount your brooms, please. 

Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand. 

Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle. 

Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They 
were off. 

And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina 
Johnson of Gryffindor  what an excellent Chaser 
that girl is, and rather attractive, too   

JORDAN! 

Sorry, Professor. 

The Weasley twins friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the 
commentary for the match, closely watched by 
Professor McGonagall. 

And shes really belting along up there, a neat pass 
to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Woods, last 
year only a reserve  back to Johnson and  no, the 
Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain 
Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes  Flint 
  208 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




flying like an eagle up there  hes going to sc no, 
stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper 
Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle  thats 
Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive 
around Flint, off up the field and  OUCH  that 
must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a 
Bludger  Quaffle taken by the Slytherins  thats 
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but 
hes blocked by a second Bludger  sent his way by 
Fred or George Weasley, cant tell which  nice play 
by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back 
in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and 
off she goes  shes really flying  dodges a speeding 
Bludger  the goal posts are ahead  come on, now, 
Angelina  Keeper Bletchley dives  misses  
GRYFFINDORS SCORE! 

Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and 
moans from the Slytherins. 

Budge up there, move along. 

Hagrid! 

Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid 
enough space to join them. 

Bin watchin from me hut, said Hagrid, patting a 
large pair of binoculars around his neck, But it isnt 
the same as bein in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch 
yet, eh? 

Nope, said Ron. Harry hasnt had much to do yet. 

Kept outta trouble, though, thats somethin, said 
Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at 
the speck that was Harry. 



  209 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, 
squinting about for some sign of the Snitch. This was 
part of his and Woods game plan. 

Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the 
Snitch, Wood had said. We dont want you attacked 
before you have to be. 

When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple 
of looptheloops to let off his feelings. Now he was 
back to staring around for the Snitch. Once he caught 
sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection 
from one of the Weasleys wristwatches, and once a 
Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a 
cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and 
Fred Weasley came chasing after it. 

All right there, Harry? he had time to yell, as he 
beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint. 

Slytherin in possession, Lee Jordan was saying, 
Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, 
and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the  wait a 
moment  was that the Snitch? 

A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey 
dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his 
shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left 
ear. 

Harry saw it. In a great rush of excitement he dived 
downward after the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker 
Terence Higgs had seen it, too. Neck and neck they 
hurtled toward the Snitch  all the Chasers seemed 
to have forgotten what they were supposed to be 
doing as they hung in midair to watch. 



  210 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry was faster than Higgs  he could see the little 
round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead  he 
put on an extra spurt of speed  

WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors 
below  Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, 
and Harrys broom spun off course, Harry holding on 
for dear life. 

Foul! screamed the Gryffindors. 

Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered 
a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all 
the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had 
disappeared from sight again. 

Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, Send 
him off, ref! Red card! 

What are you talking about, Dean? said Ron. 

Red card! said Dean furiously. In soccer you get 
shown the red card and youre out of the game! 

But this isnt soccer, Dean, Ron reminded him. 

Hagrid, however, was on Deans side. 

They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked 
Harry outta the air. 

Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides. 

So  after that obvious and disgusting bit of 
cheating   

Jordan! growled Professor McGonagall. 

I mean, after that open and revolting foul   

  211 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Jordan, Im warning you   



All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor 
Seeker, which could happen to anyone, Im sure, so a 
penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it 
away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor 
still in possession. 

It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went 
spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened. 
His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch. For a 
split second, he thought he was going to fall. He 
gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and 
knees. Hed never felt anything like that. 

It happened again. It was as though the broom was 
trying to buck him off. But Nimbus Two Thousands 
did not suddenly decide to buck their riders off. Harry 
tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal posts  
he had half a mind to ask Wood to call timeout  
and then he realized that his broom was completely 
out of his control. He couldnt turn it. He couldnt 
direct it at all. It was zigzagging through the air, and 
every now and then making violent swishing 
movements that almost unseated him. 

Lee was still commentating. 

Slytherin in possession  Flint with the Quaffle  
passes Spinnet  passes Bell  hit hard in the face 
by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose  only joking, 
Professor  Slytherins score  oh no ... 

The Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have 
noticed that Harrys broom was behaving strangely It 
was carrying him slowly higher, away from the game, 
jerking and twitching as it went. 



  212 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dunno what Harry thinks hes doing, Hagrid 
mumbled. He stared through his binoculars. If I 
didn know better, Id say hed lost control of his 
broom ... but he cant have. ... 

Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over 
the stands. His broom had started to roll over and 
over, with him only just managing to hold on. Then 
the whole crowd gasped. Harrys broom had given a 
wild jerk and Harry swung off it. He was now dangling 
from it, holding on with only one hand. 

Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him? 
Seamus whispered. 

Cant have, Hagrid said, his voice shaking. Cant 
nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful 
Dark magic  no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two 
Thousand. 

At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid s binoculars, 
but instead of looking up at Harry, she started 
looking frantically at the crowd. 

What are you doing? moaned Ron, grayfaced. 

I knew it, Hermione gasped, Snape  look. 

Ron grabbed the binoculars. Snape was in the middle 
of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on 
Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath. 

Hes doing something  jinxing the broom, said 
Hermione. 

What should we do? 

Leave it to me. 



  213 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had 
disappeared. Ron turned the binoculars back on 
Harry. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost 
impossible for him to hang on much longer. The 
whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the 
Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one 
of their brooms, but it was no good  every time they 
got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They 
dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously 
hoping to catch him if he fell. Marcus Flint seized the 
Quaffle and scored five times without anyone 
noticing. 

Come on, Hermione, Ron muttered desperately. 

Hermione had fought her way across to the stand 
where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row 
behind him; she didnt even stop to say sorry as she 
knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in 
front. Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled 
out her wand, and whispered a few, wellchosen 
words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto 
the hem of Snape s robes. 

It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize 
that he was on fire. A sudden yelp told her she had 
done her job. Scooping the fire off him into a little jar 
in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row  
Snape would never know what had happened. 

It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able 
to clamber back on to his broom. 

Neville, you can look! Ron said. Neville had been 
sobbing into Hagrids jacket for the last five minutes. 

Harry was speeding toward the ground when the 
crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though 



  214 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




he was about to be sick  he hit the field on all fours 
 coughed  and something gold fell into his hand. 

Ive got the Snitch! he shouted, waving it above his 
head, and the game ended in complete confusion. 

He didnt catch it, he nearly swallowed it, Flint was 
still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no 
difference  Harry hadnt broken any rules and Lee 
Jordan was still happily shouting the results  
Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy 
points to sixty. Harry heard none of this, though. He 
was being made a cup of strong tea back in Hagrids 
hut, with Ron and Hermione. 

It was Snape, Ron was explaining, Hermione and I 
saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, 
he wouldnt take his eyes off you. 

Rubbish, said Hagrid, who hadnt heard a word of 
what had gone on next to him in the stands. Why 
would Snape do somethin like that? 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, 
wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the 
truth. 

I found out something about him, he told Hagrid. 
He tried to get past that threeheaded dog on 
Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal 
whatever its guarding. 

Hagrid dropped the teapot. 

How do you know about Fluffy? he said. 

 Fluffy ? 



  215 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Yeah  hes mine  bought him off a Greek chappie 
I met in the pub las year  I lent him to Dumbledore 
to guard the   

Yes? said Harry eagerly. 

Now, dont ask me anymore, said Hagrid gruffly. 
Thats top secret, that is. 

But Snapes trying to steal it. 

Rubbish, said Hagrid again. Snapes a Hogwarts 
teacher, hed do nothin of the sort. 

So why did he just try and kill Harry? cried 
Hermione. 

The afternoons events certainly seemed to have 
changed her mind about Snape. 

I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, Ive read all 
about them! Youve got to keep eye contact, and 
Snape wasnt blinking at all, I saw him! 

Im tellin yeh, yer wrong! said Hagrid hotly. I don 
know why Harrys broom acted like that, but Snape 
wouldn try an kill a student! Now, listen to me, all 
three of yeh  yer meddlin in things that don 
concern yeh. Its dangerous. You forget that dog, an 
you forget what its guardin, thats between Professor 
Dumbledore an Nicolas Flamel   

Aha! said Harry, so theres someone called Nicolas 
Flamel involved, is there? 

Hagrid looked furious with himself. 



  216 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






THE MIRROR OF ERISED 

Christmas was coming. One morning in mid 
December, Hogwarts woke to find itself covered in 
several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the 
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several 
snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, 
bouncing off the back of his turban. The few owls that 
managed to battle their way through the stormy sky 
to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by 
Hagrid before they could fly off again. 

No one could wait for the holidays to start. While the 
Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had 
roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and 
a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms. 
Worst of all were Professor Snapes classes down in 
the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist 
before them and they kept as close as possible to 
their hot cauldrons. 

I do feel so sorry, said Draco Malfoy, one Potions 
class, for all those people who have to stay at 



  217 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



Hogwarts for Christmas because theyre not wanted 
at home. 

He was looking over at Harry as he spoke. Crabbe and 
Goyle chuckled. Harry, who was measuring out 
powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them. Malfoy had 
been even more unpleasant than usual since the 
Quidditch match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had 
lost, he had tried to get everyone laughing at how a 
widemouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry as 
Seeker next. Then hed realized that nobody found 
this funny, because they were all so impressed at the 
way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking 
broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone 
back to taunting Harry about having no proper 
family. 

It was true that Harry wasnt going back to Privet 
Drive for Christmas. Professor McGonagall had come 
around the week before, making a list of students 
who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had 
signed up at once. He didnt feel sorry for himself at 
all; this would probably be the best Christmas hed 
ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying, too, 
because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania 
to visit Charlie. 

When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, 
they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. 
Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a 
loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind 
it. 

Hi, Hagrid, want any help? Ron asked, sticking his 
head through the branches. 

Nah, Im all right, thanks, Ron. 



  218 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Would you mind moving out of the way? came 
Malfoys cold drawl from behind them. Are you trying 
to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping to be 
gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I 
suppose  that hut of Hagrids must seem like a 
palace compared to what your familys used to. 

Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs. 

WEASLEY! 

Ron let go of the front of Malfoys robes. 

He was provoked, Professor Snape, said Hagrid, 
sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. 
Malfoy was insultin his family. 

Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, 
Hagrid, said Snape silkily. Five points from 
Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isnt more. 
Move along, all of you. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the 
tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking. 

Ill get him, said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoys 
back, one of these days, Ill get him   

I hate them both, said Harry, Malfoy and Snape. 

Come on, cheer up, its nearly Christmas, said 
Hagrid. Tell yeh what, come with me an see the 
Great Hall, looks a treat. 

So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off 
to the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and 
Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas 
decorations. 



  219 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Ah, Hagrid, the last tree  put it in the far corner, 
would you? 

The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and 
mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than 
twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the 
room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering 
with hundreds of candles. 

How many days you got left until yer holidays? 
Hagrid asked. 

Just one, said Hermione. And that reminds me  
Harry, Ron, weve got half an hour before lunch, we 
should be in the library. 

Oh yeah, youre right, said Ron, tearing his eyes 
away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden 
bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing 
them over the branches of the new tree. 

The library? said Hagrid, following them out of the 
hall. Just before the holidays? Bit keen, arent yeh? 

Oh, were not working, Harry told him brightly. 

Ever since you mentioned Nicolas Flamel weve been 
trying to find out who he is. 

You what? Hagrid looked shocked. Listen here  
Ive told yeh  drop it. Its nothin to you what that 
dogs guardin. 

We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, thats 
all, said Hermione. 

Unless youd like to tell us and save us the trouble? 
Harry added. We mustve been through hundreds of 
books already and we cant find him anywhere  just 



  220 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




give us a hint  I know Ive read his name 
somewhere. 

Im sayin nothin, said Hagrid flatly. 

Just have to find out for ourselves, then, said Ron, 
and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried 
off to the library. 

They had indeed been searching books for Flamels 
name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how 
else were they going to find out what Snape was 
trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to 
know where to begin, not knowing what Flamel might 
have done to get himself into a book. He wasnt in 
Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable 
Magical Names of Our Time ; he was missing, too, from 
Important Modern Magical Discoveries, and A Study of 
Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then, of 
course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of 
thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds 
of narrow rows. 

Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had 
decided to search while Ron strode off down a row of 
books and started pulling them off the shelves at 
random. Harry wandered over to the Restricted 
Section. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel 
wasnt somewhere in there. Unfortunately, you 
needed a specially signed note from one of the 
teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he 
knew hed never get one. These were the books 
containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at 
Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying 
advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts. 

What are you looking for, boy? 

Nothing, said Harry. 

  221 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather 
duster at him. 

Youd better get out, then. Go on  out! 

Wishing hed been a bit quicker at thinking up some 
story, Harry left the library. He, Ron, and Hermione 
had already agreed theyd better not ask Madam 
Pince where they could find Flamel. They were sure 
shed be able to tell them, but they couldnt risk 
Snape hearing what they were up to. 

Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other 
two had found anything, but he wasnt very hopeful. 
They had been looking for two weeks, after all, but as 
they only had odd moments between lessons it wasnt 
surprising theyd found nothing. What they really 
needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince 
breathing down their necks. 

Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, 
shaking their heads. They went off to lunch. 

You will keep looking while Im away, wont you? 
said Hermione. And send me an owl if you find 
anything. 

And you could ask your parents if they know who 
Flamel is, said Ron. Itd be safe to ask them. 

Very safe, as theyre both dentists, said Hermione. 

Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were 
having too good a time to think much about Flamel. 
They had the dormitory to themselves and the 
common room was far emptier than usual, so they 
were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. They 
sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a 
toasting fork  bread, English muffins, 

  222 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




marshmallows  and plotting ways of getting Malfoy 
expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they 
wouldnt work. 

Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess. This 
was exactly like Muggle chess except that the figures 
were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in 
battle. Rons set was very old and battered. Like 
everything else he owned, it had once belonged to 
someone else in his family  in this case, his 
grandfather. However, old chessmen werent a 
drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never had 
trouble getting them to do what he wanted. 

Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had 
lent him, and they didnt trust him at all. He wasnt a 
very good player yet and they kept shouting different 
bits of advice at him, which was confusing. Dont 
send me there, cant you see his knight? Send him, we 
can afford to lose him. 

On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward 
to the next day for the food and the fun, but not 
expecting any presents at all. When he woke early in 
the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a 
small pile of packages at the foot of his bed. 

Merry Christmas, said Ron sleepily as Harry 
scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe. 

You, too, said Harry. Will you look at this? Ive got 
some presents! 

What did you expect, turnips? said Ron, turning to 
his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Harrys. 

Harry picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in 
thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To 
Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden 

  223 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry 
blew it  it sounded a bit like an owl. 

A second, very small parcel contained a note. 

We received your message and enclose your Christmas 
present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped 
to the note was a fiftypence piece. 

Thats friendly, said Harry. 

Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence. 

 Weird\  he said, What a shape! This is money? 

You can keep it, said Harry, laughing at how 
pleased Ron was. Hagrid and my aunt and uncle  
so who sent these? 

I think I know who that ones from, said Ron, 
turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy 
parcel. My mom. I told her you didnt expect any 
presents and  oh, no, he groaned, shes made you 
a Weasley sweater. 

Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand 
knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of 
homemade fudge. 

Every year she makes us a sweater, said Ron, 
unwrapping his own, and mines always maroon. 

Thats really nice of her, said Harry, trying the 
fudge, which was very tasty. 

His next present also contained candy  a large box 
of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione. 



  224 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt 
it. It was very light. He unwrapped it. 

Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the 
floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped. 

Ive heard of those, he said in a hushed voice, 
dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans hed gotten 
from Hermione. If thats what I think it is  theyre 
really rare, and really valuable. 

What is it? 

Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It 
was strange to the touch, like water woven into 
material. 

Its an Invisibility Cloak, said Ron, a look of awe on 
his face. Im sure it is  try it on. 

Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron 
gave a yell. 

It is! Look down! 

Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He 
dashed to the mirror. Sure enough, his reflection 
looked back at him, just his head suspended in 
midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the 
cloak over his head and his reflection vanished 
completely. 

Theres a note! said Ron suddenly. A note fell out of 
it! 



Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. 
Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen 
before were the following words: 



  225 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Your father left this in my possession before he died. It 
is time it was returned to you. 

Use it well. 

A Very Merry Christmas to you. 

There was no signature. Harry stared at the note. Ron 
was admiring the cloak. 

Id give anuthinq for one of these, he said. Anuthinq. 
Whats the matter? 

Nothing, said Harry. He felt very strange. Who had 
sent the cloak? Had it really once belonged to his 
father? 

Before he could say or think anything else, the 
dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George 
Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed the cloak quickly 
out of sight. He didnt feel like sharing it with anyone 
else yet. 

Merry Christmas! 

Hey, look  Harrys got a Weasley sweater, too! 

Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one 
with a large yellow F on it, the other a G. 

Harrys is better than ours, though, said Fred, 
holding up Harrys sweater. She obviously makes 
more of an effort if youre not family. 

Why arent you wearing yours, Ron? George 
demanded. Come on, get it on, theyre lovely and 
warm. 



  226 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I hate maroon, Ron moaned halfheartedly as he 
pulled it over his head. 

You havent got a letter on yours, George observed. 

I suppose she thinks you dont forget your name. But 
were not stupid  we know were called Gred and 
Forge. 

Whats all this noise? 

Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, 
looking disapproving. He had clearly gotten halfway 
through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a 
lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized. 

P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, were all 
wearing ours, even Harry got one. 

I  dont  want   said Percy thickly, as the twins 
forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses 
askew. 

And youre not sitting with the prefects today, 
either, said George. Christmas is a time for family. 

They frogmarched Percy from the room, his arms 
pinned to his side by his sweater. 

Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas 
dinner. A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of 
roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; 
tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich 
gravy and cranberry sauce  and stacks of wizard 
crackers every few feet along the table. These 
fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble 
Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their 
little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. 
Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didnt 
just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and 
  227 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from 
the inside exploded a rear admirals hat and several 
live, white mice. Up at the High Table, Dumbledore 
had swapped his pointed wizards hat for a flowered 
bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor 
Flitwick had just read him. 

Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. 
Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver Sickle 
embedded in his slice. Harry watched Hagrid getting 
redder and redder in the face as he called for more 
wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the 
cheek, who, to Harrys amazement, giggled and 
blushed, her top hat lopsided. 

When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down 
with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a 
pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow 
YourOwnWarts kit, and his own new wizard chess 
set. The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a 
nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. 
Norriss Christmas dinner. 

Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon 
having a furious snowball fight on the grounds. Then, 
cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the 
fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry 
broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to 
Ron. He suspected he wouldnt have lost so badly if 
Percy hadnt tried to help him so much. 

After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, 
and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy 
to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy 
chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor Tower 
because theyd stolen his prefect badge. 

It had been Harrys best Christmas day ever. Yet 
something had been nagging at the back of his mind 

  228 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




all day. Not until he climbed into bed was he free to 
think about it: the Invisibility Cloak and whoever had 
sent it. 

Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing 
mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon 
as hed drawn the curtains of his fourposter. Harry 
leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the 
cloak out from under it. 

His fathers ... this had been his fathers. He let the 
material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light 
as air. Use it well, the note had said. 

He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and 
wrapped the cloak around himself. Looking down at 
his legs, he saw only moonlight and shadows. It was a 
very funny feeling. 

Use it well. 

Suddenly, Harry felt wideawake. The whole of 
Hogwarts was open to him in this cloak. Excitement 
flooded through him as he stood there in the dark 
and silence. He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, 
and Filch would never know. 

Ron grunted in his sleep. Should Harry wake him? 
Something held him back  his fathers cloak  he 
felt that this time  the first time  he wanted to use 
it alone. 

He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across 
the common room, and climbed through the portrait 
hole. 

Whos there? squawked the Fat Lady. Harry said 
nothing. He walked quickly down the corridor. 



  229 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Where should he go? He stopped, his heart racing, 
and thought. And then it came to him. The Restricted 
Section in the library. Hed be able to read as long as 
he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel 
was. He set off, drawing the Invisibility Cloak tight 
around him as he walked. 

The library was pitchblack and very eerie. Harry lit a 
lamp to see his way along the rows of books. The 
lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and 
even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, 
the sight gave him the creeps. 

The Restricted Section was right at the back of the 
library. Stepping carefully over the rope that 
separated these books from the rest of the library, he 
held up his lamp to read the titles. 

They didnt tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold 
letters spelled words in languages Harry couldnt 
understand. Some had no title at all. One book had a 
dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The 
hairs on the back of Harrys neck prickled. Maybe he 
was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint 
whispering was coming from the books, as though 
they knew someone was there who shouldnt be. 

He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down 
carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom 
shelf for an interestinglooking book. A large black 
and silver volume caught his eye. He pulled it out 
with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, 
balancing it on his knee, let it fall open. 

A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence  
the book was screaming! Harry snapped it shut, but 
the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, 
earsplitting note. He stumbled backward and knocked 
over his lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, he 
  230 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside  
stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran 
for it. He passed Filch in the doorway; Filchs pale, 
wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry 
slipped under Filchs outstretched arm and streaked 
off up the corridor, the books shrieks still ringing in 
his ears. 

He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of 
armor. He had been so busy getting away from the 
library, he hadnt paid attention to where he was 
going. Perhaps because it was dark, he didnt 
recognize where he was at all. There was a suit of 
armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be 
five floors above there. 

You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if 
anyone was wandering around at night, and 
somebodys been in the library  Restricted Section. 

Harry felt the blood drain out of his face. Wherever he 
was, Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, 
greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it 
was Snape who replied, The Restricted Section? Well, 
they cant be far, well catch them. 

Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape 
came around the corner ahead. They couldnt see 
him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor and if 
they came much nearer theyd knock right into him  
the cloak didnt stop him from being solid. 

He backed away as quietly as he could. A door stood 
ajar to his left. It was his only hope. He squeezed 
through it, holding his breath, trying not to move it, 
and to his relief he managed to get inside the room 
without their noticing anything. They walked straight 
past, and Harry leaned against the wall, breathing 
deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away. That 
  231 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




had been close, very close. It was a few seconds 
before he noticed anything about the room he had 
hidden in. 



It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes 
of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and 
there was an upturned wastepaper basket  but 
propped against the wall facing him was something 
that didnt look as if it belonged there, something that 
looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it 
out of the way. 

It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, 
with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed 
feet. There was an inscription carved around the top: 
Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. 

His panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch 
and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, 
wanting to look at himself but see no reflection again. 
He stepped in front of it. 

He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself 
from screaming. He whirled around. His heart was 
pounding far more furiously than when the book had 
screamed  for he had seen not only himself in the 
mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right 
behind him. 

But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he 
turned slowly back to the mirror. 

There he was, reflected in it, white and scared 
looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least 
ten others. Harry looked over his shoulder  but still, 
no one was there. Or were they all invisible, too? Was 
he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this 
mirrors trick was that it reflected them, invisible or 
not? 

  232 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing 
right behind his reflection was smiling at him and 
waving. He reached out a hand and felt the air behind 
him. If she was really there, hed touch her, their 
reflections were so close together, but he felt only air 
 she and the others existed only in the mirror. 

She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair 
and her eyes  her eyes are just like mine, Harry 
thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright 
green  exactly the same shape, but then he noticed 
that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same 
time. The tall, thin, blackhaired man standing next 
to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and 
his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just 
as Harrys did. 

Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose 
was nearly touching that of his reflection. 

Mom? he whispered. Dad? 

They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry 
looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, 
and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses 
like his, even a little old man who looked as though 
he had Harrys knobbly knees  Harry was looking at 
his family, for the first time in his life. 

The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared 
hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against 
the glass as though he was hoping to fall right 
through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of 
ache inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness. 

How long he stood there, he didnt know. The 
reflections did not fade and he looked and looked 
until a distant noise brought him back to his senses. 
He couldnt stay here, he had to find his way back to 

  233 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




bed. He tore his eyes away from his mothers face, 
whispered, Ill come back, and hurried from the 
room. 

You could have woken me up, said Ron, crossly. 

You can come tonight, Im going back, I want to show 
you the mirror. 

Id like to see your mom and dad, Ron said eagerly. 

And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, 
youll be able to show me your other brothers and 
everyone. 

You can see them any old time, said Ron. Just 
come round my house this summer. Anyway, maybe 
it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding 
Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something, why 
arent you eating anything? 

Harry couldnt eat. He had seen his parents and 
would be seeing them again tonight. He had almost 
forgotten about Flamel. It didnt seem very important 
anymore. Who cared what the threeheaded dog was 
guarding? What did it matter if Snape stole it, really? 

Are you all right? said Ron. You look odd. 

What Harry feared most was that he might not be 
able to find the mirror room again. With Ron covered 
in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly 
the next night. They tried retracing Harrys route from 
the library, wandering around the dark passageways 
for nearly an hour. 

Im freezing, said Ron. Lets forget it and go back. 

IVo! Harry hissed. I know its here somewhere. 

  234 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the 
opposite direction, but saw no one else. Just as Ron 
started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, 
Harry spotted the suit of armor. 

Its here  just here  yes! 

They pushed the door open. Harry dropped the cloak 
from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror. 

There they were. His mother and father beamed at the 
sight of him. 

See? Harry whispered. 

I cant see anything. 

Look! Look at them all ... there are loads of them. ... 
I can only see you. 

Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am. 

Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the 
mirror, he couldnt see his family anymore, just Ron 
in his paisley pajamas. 

Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image. 
Look at me! he said. 

Can you see all your family standing around you? 

No  Im alone  but Im different  I look older  
and Im Head Boy! 

What? 



  235 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I am  Im wearing the badge like Bill used to  and 
Im holding the House Cup and the Quidditch Cup  
Im Quidditch captain, too! 

Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to 
look excitedly at Harry. 

Do you think this mirror shows the future? 

How can it? All my family are dead  let me have 
another look   

You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit 
more time. 

Youre only holding the Quidditch Cup, whats 
interesting about that? I want to see my parents. 

Dont push me   

A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to 
their discussion. They hadnt realized how loudly they 
had been talking. 

Quick! 

Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous 
eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door. Ron and 
Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing 
 did the cloak work on cats? After what seemed an 
age, she turned and left. 

This isnt safe  she might have gone for Filch, I bet 
she heard us. Come on. 

And Ron pulled Harry out of the room. 

The snow still hadnt melted the next morning. 



  236 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Want to play chess, Harry? said Ron. 



No. 

Why dont we go down and visit Hagrid? 

No ... you go ... 

I know what youre thinking about, Harry, that 
mirror. Dont go back tonight. 

Why not? 

I dunno, Ive just got a bad feeling about it  and 
anyway, youve had too many close shaves already. 
Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. 
So what if they cant see you? What if they walk into 
you? What if you knock something over? 

You sound like Hermione. 

Im serious, Harry, dont go. 

But Harry only had one thought in his head, which 
was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasnt 
going to stop him. 

That third night he found his way more quickly than 
before. He was walking so fast he knew he was 
making more noise than was wise, but he didnt meet 
anyone. 

And there were his mother and father smiling at him 
again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. 
Harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the 
mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying 
here all night with his family. Nothing at all. 

Except  

  237 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




So  back again, Harry? 

Harry felt as though his insides had turned to ice. He 
looked behind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the 
wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore. Harry 
must have walked straight past him, so desperate to 
get to the mirror he hadnt noticed him. 

I  I didnt see you, sir. 

Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make 
you, said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see 
that he was smiling. 

So, said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on 
the floor with Harry, you, like hundreds before you, 
have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. 

I didnt know it was called that, sir. 

But I expect youve realized by now what it does? 

It  well  it shows me my family   

And it showed your friend Ron himself as Head Boy. 

How did you know  ? 

I dont need a cloak to become invisible, said 
Dumbledore gently. Now, can you think what the 
Mirror of Erised shows us all? 

Harry shook his head. 

Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be 
able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, 
that is, he would look into it and see himself exactly 
as he is. Does that help? 



  238 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry thought. Then he said slowly, It shows us 
what we want ... whatever we want ... 

Yes and no, said Dumbledore quietly. It shows us 
nothing more or less than the deepest, most 
desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never 
known your family, see them standing around you. 
Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed 
by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best 
of all of them. However, this mirror will give us 
neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away 
before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been 
driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or 
even possible. 

The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, 
Harry, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If 
you ever do run across it, you will now be prepared. It 
does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, 
remember that. Now, why dont you put that 
admirable cloak back on and get off to bed? 

Harry stood up. 

Sir  Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you 
something? 

Obviously, youve just done so, Dumbledore smiled. 
You may ask me one more thing, however. 

What do you see when you look in the mirror? 

I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks. 

Harry stared. 

One can never have enough socks, said 
Dumbledore. Another Christmas has come and gone 



  239 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




and I didnt get a single pair. People will insist on 
giving me books. 

It was only when he was back in bed that it struck 
Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite 
truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved 
Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal 
question. 



  240 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






NICHOLAS FLAMBL 

Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking 
for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the 
Christmas holidays the Invisibility Cloak stayed 
folded at the bottom of his trunk. Harry wished he 
could forget what hed seen in the mirror as easily, 
but he couldnt. He started having nightmares. Over 
and over again he dreamed about his parents 
disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high 
voice cackled with laughter. 

You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could 
drive you mad, said Ron, when Harry told him about 
these dreams. 

Hermione, who came back the day before term 
started, took a different view of things. She was torn 
between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, 
roaming the school three nights in a row (If Filch had 
caught you!), and disappointment that he hadnt at 
least found out who Nicolas Flamel was. 



  241 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel 
in a library book, even though Harry was still sure 
hed read the name somewhere. Once term had 
started, they were back to skimming through books 
for ten minutes during their breaks. Harry had even 
less time than the other two, because Quidditch 
practice had started again. 

Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even 
the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldnt 
dampen his spirits. The Weasleys complained that 
Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on 
Woods side. If they won their next match, against 
Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the 
House Championship for the first time in seven years. 
Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he 
had fewer nightmares when he was tired out after 
training. 

Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice 
session, Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. Hed 
just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept 
divebombing each other and pretending to fall off 
their brooms. 

Will you stop messing around! he yelled. Thats 
exactly the sort of thing thatll lose us the match! 
Snapes refereeing this time, and hell be looking for 
any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor! 

George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these 
words. 

 Snapes refereeing? he spluttered through a 
mouthful of mud. Whens he ever refereed a 
Quidditch match? Hes not going to be fair if we might 
overtake Slytherin. 



  242 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The rest of the team landed next to George to 
complain, too. 

Its not my fault, said Wood. Weve just got to make 
sure we play a clean game, so Snape hasnt got an 
excuse to pick on us. 

Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had 
another reason for not wanting Snape near him while 
he was playing Quidditch. ... 

The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another 
as usual at the end of practice, but Harry headed 
straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where 
he found Ron and Hermione playing chess. Chess was 
the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry 
and Ron thought was very good for her. 

Dont talk to me for a moment, said Ron when Harry 
sat down next to him, I need to concern He caught 
sight of Harrys face. Whats the matter with you? 

You look terrible. 

Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, 

Harry told the other two about Snape s sudden, 
sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee. 

Dont play, said Hermione at once. 

Say youre ill, said Ron. 

Pretend to break your leg, Hermione suggested. 

 Really break your leg, said Ron. 

I cant, said Harry. There isnt a reserve Seeker. If I 
back out, Gryffindor cant play at all. 



  243 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




At that moment Neville toppled into the common 
room. How he had managed to climb through the 
portrait hole was anyones guess, because his legs 
had been stuck together with what they recognized at 
once as the LegLocker Curse. He must have had to 
bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor Tower. 

Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who 
leapt up and performed the countercurse. Nevilles 
legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. 

What happened? Hermione asked him, leading him 
over to sit with Harry and Ron. 

Malfoy, said Neville shakily. I met him outside the 
library. He said hed been looking for someone to 
practice that on. 

Go to Professor McGonagall! Hermione urged 
Neville. Report him! 

Neville shook his head. 

I dont want more trouble, he mumbled. 

Youve got to stand up to him, Neville! said Ron. 
Hes used to walking all over people, but thats no 
reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier. 

Theres no need to tell me Im not brave enough to be 
in Gryffindor, Malfoys already done that, Neville 
choked out. 

Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a 
Chocolate Frog, the very last one from the box 
Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to 
Neville, who looked as though he might cry. 



  244 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Youre worth twelve of Malfoy, Harry said. The 
Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didnt it? And 
wheres Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin. 

Nevilles lips twitched in a weak smile as he 
unwrapped the frog. 

Thanks, Harry ... I think Ill go to bed. ... Dyou want 
the card, you collect them, dont you? 

As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous 
Wizard card. 

Dumbledore again, he said, He was the first one I 
ever   

He gasped. He stared at the back of the card. Then he 
looked up at Ron and Hermione. 

Ive found him\ he whispered. Ive found Flamel! I 
told you Id read the name somewhere before, I read it 
on the train coming here  listen to this: 

Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of 
the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the 
discovery of the twelve uses of dragons blood, and his 
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas FlamelV 

Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadnt looked so 
excited since theyd gotten back the marks for their 
very first piece of homework. 

Stay there! she said, and she sprinted up the stairs 
to the girls dormitories. Harry and Ron barely had 
time to exchange mystified looks before she was 
dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms. 

I never thought to look in here! she whispered 
excitedly. I got this out of the library weeks ago for a 
bit of light reading. 

  245 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Light? said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet 
until shed looked something up, and started flicking 
frantically through the s, muttering to herself. 

At last she found what she was looking for. 

I knew it! I knew it! 

Are we allowed to speak yet? said Ron grumpily. 
Hermione ignored him. 

Nicolas Flamel, she whispered dramatically, is the 
only known maker of the Sorcerers Stone\ 

This didnt have quite the effect shed expected. 

The what? said Harry and Ron. 

Oh, honestly , dont you two read? Look  read that, 
there. 

She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and 
Ron read: 

The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with 
making the Sorcerers Stone, a legendary substance 
with astonishing powers. The Stone will transform 
any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of 
Life, which will make the drinker immortal. 

There have been many reports of the Sorcerers Stone 
over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in 
existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted 
alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated 
his six hundred and sixtyfifth birthday last year, 
enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle 
(six hundred and fiftyeight). 



  246 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




See? said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had 
finished. The dog must be guarding Flamels 
Sorcerers Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep 
it safe for him, because theyre friends and he knew 
someone was after it, thats why he wanted the Stone 
moved out of Gringotts! 

A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever 
dying! said Harry. No wonder Snapes after it! 

Anyone would want it. 

And no wonder we couldnt find Flamel in that Study 
of Recent Developments in Wizardry, said Ron. Hes 
not exactly recent if hes six hundred and sixtyfive, is 
he? 

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, 
while copying down different ways of treating werewolf 
bites, Harry and Ron were still discussing what theyd 
do with a Sorcerers Stone if they had one. It wasnt 
until Ron said hed buy his own Quidditch team that 
Harry remembered about Snape and the coming 
match. 

Im going to play, he told Ron and Hermione. If I 
dont, all the Slytherins will think Im just too scared 
to face Snape. Ill show them ... itll really wipe the 
smiles off their faces if we win. 

Just as long as were not wiping you off the field, 
said Hermione. 

As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became 
more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and 
Hermione. The rest of the team wasnt too calm, 
either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the House 
Championship was wonderful, no one had done it for 
seven years, but would they be allowed to, with such 
a biased referee? 

  247 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry didnt know whether he was imagining it or not, 
but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever 
he went. At times, he even wondered whether Snape 
was following him, trying to catch him on his own. 
Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly 
torture, Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could Snape 
possibly know theyd found out about the Sorcerers 
Stone? Harry didnt see how he could  yet he 
sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could 
read minds. 

Harry knew, when they wished him good luck 
outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron 
and Hermione were wondering whether theyd ever 
see him alive again. This wasnt what youd call 
comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of Woods pep 
talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked 
up his Nimbus Two Thousand. 

Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in 
the stands next to Neville, who couldnt understand 
why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had 
both brought their wands to the match. Little did 
Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly 
practicing the LegLocker Curse. Theyd gotten the 
idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready 
to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to 
hurt Harry. 

Now, dont forget, its Locomotor Mortis, Hermione 
muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve. 

I know, Ron snapped. Dont nag. 

Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry 
aside. 

Dont want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever 
need an early capture of the Snitch its now. Finish 

  248 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too 
much. 

The whole schools out there! said Fred Weasley, 
peering out of the door. Even  blimey  
Dumbledores come to watch! 

Harrys heart did a somersault. 

Dumbledore? he said, dashing to the door to make 
sure. Fred was right. There was no mistaking that 
silver beard. 

Harry could have laughed out loud with relief. He was 
safe. There was simply no way that Snape would dare 
to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching. 

Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as 
the teams marched onto the field, something that Ron 
noticed, too. 

Ive never seen Snape look so mean, he told 
Hermione. Look  theyre off. Ouch! 

Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head. It 
was Malfoy. 

Oh, sorry, Weasley, didnt see you there. 

Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle. 

Wonder how long Potters going to stay on his broom 
this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, 
Weasley? 

Ron didnt answer; Snape had just awarded 
Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit 
a Bludger at him. Hermione, who had all her fingers 
crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, 

  249 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the 
Snitch. 

You know how I think they choose people for the 
Gryffindor team? said Malfoy loudly a few minutes 
later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty 
for no reason at all. Its people they feel sorry for. 

See, theres Potter, whos got no parents, then theres 
the Weasleys, whove got no money  you should be 
on the team, Longbottom, youve got no brains. 

Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face 
Malfoy. 

Im worth twelve of you, Malfoy, he stammered. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but 
Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, 
said, You tell him, Neville. 

Longbottom, if brains were gold youd be poorer than 
Weasley, and thats saying something. 

Rons nerves were already stretched to the breaking 
point with anxiety about Harry. 

Im warning you, Malfoy  one more word   

Ron! said Hermione suddenly, Harry  ! 

What? Where? 

Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, 
which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd. 
Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, 
as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet. 

Youre in luck, Weasley, Potters obviously spotted 
some money on the ground! said Malfoy. 

  250 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was 
happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to 
the ground. Neville hesitated, then clambered over the 
back of his seat to help. 

Come on, Harry! Hermione screamed, leaping onto 
her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape  
she didnt even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around 
under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from 
the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle. 

Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in 
time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing 
him by inches  the next second, Harry had pulled 
out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch 
clasped in his hand. 

The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one 
could ever remember the Snitch being caught so 
quickly. 

Ron! Ron! Where are you? The games over! Harrys 
won! Weve won! Gryffindor is in the lead! shrieked 
Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and 
hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front. 

Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. 
He couldnt believe it. Hed done it  the game was 
over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors 
came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land 
nearby, whitefaced and tightlipped  then Harry felt 
a hand on his shoulder and looked up into 
Dumbledores smiling face. 

Well done, said Dumbledore quietly, so that only 
Harry could hear. Nice to see you havent been 
brooding about that mirror . . . been keeping busy . . . 
excellent ... 



  251 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Snape spat bitterly on the ground. 



Jc Jc Jc 



Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to 
take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the 
broomshed. He couldnt ever remember feeling 
happier. Hed really done something to be proud of 
now  no one could say he was just a famous name 
any more. The evening air had never smelled so 
sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the 
last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: 
Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; 
Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and 
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed. 

Harry had reached the shed. He leaned against the 
wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with its 
windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in 
the lead. Hed done it, hed shown Snape. ... 

And speaking of Snape . . . 

A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of 
the castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked 
as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. 
Harrys victory faded from his mind as he watched. 
He recognized the figures prowling walk. Snape, 
sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at 
dinner  what was going on? 

Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand 
and took off. Gliding silently over the castle he saw 
Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed. 

The trees were so thick he couldnt see where Snape 
had gone. He flew in circles, lower and lower, 
brushing the top branches of trees until he heard 



  252 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly 
in a towering beech tree. 

He climbed carefully along one of the branches, 
holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through 
the leaves. 

Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he 
wasnt alone. Quirrell was there, too. Harry couldnt 
make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering 
worse than ever. Harry strained to catch what they 
were saying. 

"... ddont know why you wanted ttto meet here of 
all pplaces, Severus ... 

Oh, I thought wed keep this private, said Snape, his 
voice icy. Students arent supposed to know about 
the Sorcerers Stone, after all. 

Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling 
something. Snape interrupted him. 

Have you found out how to get past that beast of 
Hagrids yet? 

Bbbut Severus, I   

You dont want me as your enemy, Quirrell, said 
Snape, taking a step toward him. 

II dont know what you   

You know perfectly well what I mean. 

An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the 
tree. He steadied himself in time to hear Snape say, 

  your little bit of hocuspocus. Im waiting. 



  253 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Bbut I dddont   



Very well, Snape cut in. Well have another little 
chat soon, when youve had time to think things over 
and decided where your loyalties lie. 

He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the 
clearing. It was almost dark now, but Harry could see 
Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was 
petrified. 



Jc Jc Jc 



Harry, where have you been? Hermione squeaked. 

We won! You won! We won! shouted Ron, thumping 
Harry on the back. And I gave Malfoy a black eye, 
and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single 
handed! Hes still out cold but Madam Pomfrey says 
hell be all right  talk about showing Slytherin! 
Everyones waiting for you in the common room, were 
having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and 
stuff from the kitchens. 

Never mind that now, said Harry breathlessly. Lets 
find an empty room, you wait til you hear this. ... 

He made sure Peeves wasnt inside before shutting 
the door behind them, then he told them what hed 
seen and heard. 

So we were right, it is the Sorcerers Stone, and 
Snapes trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He 
asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy  and he said 
something about Quirrells hocuspocus  I reckon 
there are other things guarding the stone apart from 
Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell 



  254 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




would have done some antiDark Arts spell that 
Snape needs to break through   

So you mean the Stones only safe as long as Quirrell 
stands up to Snape? said Hermione in alarm. 

Itll be gone by next Tuesday, said Ron. 



  255 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN 
RIDGEBACK 

Quirrell, however, must have been braver than theyd 
thought. In the weeks that followed he did seem to be 
getting paler and thinner, but it didnt look as though 
hed cracked yet. 

Every time they passed the thirdfloor corridor, Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door 
to check that Fluffy was still growling inside. Snape 
was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which 
surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever 
Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an 
encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling 
people off for laughing at Quirrells stutter. 

Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the 
Sorcerers Stone. She had started drawing up study 
schedules and colorcoding all her notes. Harry and 
Ron wouldnt have minded, but she kept nagging 
them to do the same. 



  256 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



Hermione, the exams are ages away. 

Ten weeks, Hermione snapped. Thats not ages, 
thats like a second to Nicolas Flamel. 

But were not six hundred years old, Ron reminded 
her. Anyway, what are you studying for, you already 
know it all. 

What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize 
we need to pass these exams to get into the second 
year? Theyre very important, I should have started 
studying a month ago, I dont know whats gotten into 
me. 

Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking 
along the same lines as Hermione. They piled so 
much homework on them that the Easter holidays 
werent nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It 
was hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting 
the twelve uses of dragons blood or practicing wand 
movements. Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron 
spent most of their free time in the library with her, 
trying to get through all their extra work. 

Ill never remember this, Ron burst out one 
afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking 
longingly out of the library window. It was the first 
really fine day theyd had in months. The sky was a 
clear, forgetmenot blue, and there was a feeling in 
the air of summer coming. 

Harry, who was looking up Dittany in One Thousand 
Magical Herbs and Fungi, didnt look up until he 
heard Ron say, Hagrid! What are you doing in the 
library? 



  257 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind 
his back. He looked very out of place in his moleskin 
overcoat. 

Jus lookin, he said, in a shifty voice that got their 
interest at once. An whatre you lot up ter? He 
looked suddenly suspicious. Yer not still lookin fer 
Nicolas Flamel, are yeh? 

Oh, we found out who he is ages ago, said Ron 
impressively. And we know what that dogs guarding, 
its a Sorcerers St   

Shhhh\ Hagrid looked around quickly to see if 
anyone was listening. Don go shoutin about it, 
whats the matter with yeh? 

There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a 
matter of fact, said Harry, about whats guarding 
the Stone apart from Fluffy   

SHHHH! said Hagrid again. Listen  come an see 
me later, Im not promisin Ill tell yeh anythin, mind, 
but don go rabbitin about it in here, students aren 
spposed ter know. Theyll think Ive told yeh   

See you later, then, said Harry. 

Hagrid shuffled off. 

What was he hiding behind his back? said 
Hermione thoughtfully. 

Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone? 

Im going to see what section he was in, said Ron, 
whod had enough of working. He came back a 
minute later with a pile of books in his arms and 
slammed them down on the table. 

  258 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dragons'. he whispered. Hagrid was looking up stuff 
about dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great 
Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon 
Keepers Guide. 

Hagrid s always wanted a dragon, he told me so the 
first time I ever met him, said Harry. 

But its against our laws, said Ron. Dragon 
breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks Convention 
of 1709, everyone knows that. Its hard to stop 
Muggles from noticing us if were keeping dragons in 
the back garden  anyway, you cant tame dragons, 
its dangerous. You should see the burns Charlies got 
off wild ones in Romania. 

But there arent wild dragons in Britain? said Harry. 

Of course there are, said Ron. Common Welsh 
Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic 
has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind 
have to keep putting spells on Muggles whove spotted 
them, to make them forget. 

So what on earths Hagrid up to? said Hermione. 

When they knocked on the door of the gamekeepers 
hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all 
the curtains were closed. Hagrid called Who is it? 
before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly 
behind them. 

It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a 
warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. 

Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat 
sandwiches, which they refused. 

So  yeh wanted to ask me somethin? 



  259 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Yes, said Harry. There was no point beating around 
the bush. We were wondering if you could tell us 
whats guarding the Sorcerers Stone apart from 
Fluffy. 

Hagrid frowned at him. 

O course I cant, he said. Number one, I don know 
meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I 
wouldn tell yeh if I could. That Stones here fer a good 
reason. It was almost stolen outta Gringotts  I 
sppose yehve worked that out an all? Beats me how 
yeh even know abou Fluffy. 

Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, 
but you do know, you know everything that goes on 
round here, said Hermione in a warm, flattering 
voice. Hagrid s beard twitched and they could tell he 
was smiling. We only wondered who had done the 
guarding, really. Hermione went on. We wondered 
who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, 
apart from you. 

Hagrid s chest swelled at these last words. Harry and 
Ron beamed at Hermione. 

Well, I don spose it could hurt ter tell yeh that ... 
lets see ... he borrowed Fluffy from me ... then some 
o the teachers did enchantments ... Professor Sprout 
 Professor Flitwick  Professor McGonagall   he 
ticked them off on his fingers, Professor Quirrell  
an Dumbledore himself did somethin, o course. 

Hang on, Ive forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor 
Snape. 

Snape? 



  260 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Yeah  yer not still on abou that, are yeh? Look, 
Snape helped protect the Stone, hes not about ter 
steal it. 

Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the 
same as he was. If Snape had been in on protecting 
the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the 
other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew 
everything  except, it seemed, Quirrells spell and 
how to get past Fluffy. 

Youre the only one who knows how to get past 
Fluffy, arent you, Hagrid? said Harry anxiously. 

And you wouldnt tell anyone, would you? Not even 
one of the teachers? 

Not a soul knows except me an Dumbledore, said 
Hagrid proudly. 

Well, thats something, Harry muttered to the 
others. Hagrid, can we have a window open? Im 
boiling. 

Cant, Harry, sorry, said Hagrid. Harry noticed him 
glance at the fire. Harry looked at it, too. 

Hagrid  whats that? 

But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of 
the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg. 

Ah, said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, 
Thats  er ... 

Where did you get it, Hagrid? said Ron, crouching 
over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. It mustve 
cost you a fortune. 



  261 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Won it, said Hagrid. Las night. I was down in the 
village havin a few drinks an got into a game o cards 
with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of 
it, ter be honest. 

But what are you going to do with it when its 
hatched? said Hermione. 

Well, Ive bin doin some readin, said Hagrid, pulling 
a large book from under his pillow. Got this outta the 
library  Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit  
its a bit outta date, o course, but its all in here. Keep 
the egg in the fire, cause their mothers breathe on 
em, see, an when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o 
brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An 
see here  how ter recognize diffrent eggs  what I 
got theres a Norwegian Ridgeback. Theyre rare, 
them. 

He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione 
didnt. 

Hagrid, you live in a wooden house, she said. 

But Hagrid wasnt listening. He was humming merrily 
as he stoked the fire. 

So now they had something else to worry about: what 
might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was 
hiding an illegal dragon in his hut. 

Wonder what its like to have a peaceful life, Ron 
sighed, as evening after evening they struggled 
through all the extra homework they were getting. 
Hermione had now started making study schedules 
for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts. 



  262 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry 
another note from Hagrid. He had written only two 
words: Its hatching. 

Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to 
the hut. Hermione wouldnt hear of it. 

Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going 
to see a dragon hatching? 

Weve got lessons, well get into trouble, and thats 
nothing to what Hagrid s going to be in when someone 
finds out what hes doing   

Shut up! Harry whispered. 

Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped 
dead to listen. How much had he heard? Harry didnt 
like the look on Malfoys face at all. 

Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology 
and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to 
Hagrids with the other two during morning break. 
When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of 
their lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels 
at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge 
of the forest. Hagrid greeted them, looking flushed 
and excited. 

Its nearly out. He ushered them inside. 

The egg was lying on the table. There were deep 
cracks in it. Something was moving inside; a funny 
clicking noise was coming from it. 

They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched 
with bated breath. 



  263 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg 
split open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It 
wasnt exactly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a 
crumpled, black umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge 
compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout 
with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, 
orange eyes. 

It sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of its snout. 

Isnt he beautiful? Hagrid murmured. He reached 
out a hand to stroke the dragons head. It snapped at 
his fingers, showing pointed fangs. 

Bless him, look, he knows his mommy! said Hagrid. 

Hagrid, said Hermione, how fast do Norwegian 
Ridgebacks grow, exactly? 

Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly 
drained from his face  he leapt to his feet and ran to 
the window. 

Whats the matter? 

Someone was lookin through the gap in the curtains 
 its a kid  hes runnin back up ter the school. 

Harry bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a 
distance there was no mistaking him. 

Malfoy had seen the dragon. 

Something about the smile lurking on Malfoys face 
during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
very nervous. They spent most of their free time in 
Hagrid s darkened hut, trying to reason with him. 

Just let him go, Harry urged. Set him free. 

  264 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I cant, said Hagrid. Hes too little. Hed die. 



They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times 
in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of its 
nostrils. Hagrid hadnt been doing his gamekeeping 
duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy. 
There were empty brandy bottles and chicken 
feathers all over the floor. 

Ive decided to call him Norbert, said Hagrid, looking 
at the dragon with misty eyes. He really knows me 
now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Wheres Mommy? 

Hes lost his marbles, Ron muttered in Harrys ear. 

Hagrid, said Harry loudly, give it two weeks and 
Norberts going to be as long as your house. Malfoy 
could go to Dumbledore at any moment. 

Hagrid bit his lip. 

I  I know I cant keep him forever, but I cant jus 
dump him, cant. 

Harry suddenly turned to Ron. 

Charlie, he said. 

Youre losing it, too, said Ron. Im Ron, remember? 

No  Charlie  your brother, Charlie. In Romania. 
Studying dragons. We could send Norbert to him. 
Charlie can take care of him and then put him back 
in the wild! 

Brilliant! said Ron. How about it, Hagrid? 

And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send 
an owl to Charlie to ask him. 

  265 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The following week dragged by. Wednesday night 
found Hermione and Harry sitting alone in the 
common room, long after everyone else had gone to 
bed. The clock on the wall had just chimed midnight 
when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out 
of nowhere as he pulled off Harrys Invisibility Cloak. 
He had been down at Hagrids hut, helping him feed 
Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate. 

It bit me! he said, showing them his hand, which 
was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. Im not going 
to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that 
dragons the most horrible animal Ive ever met, but 
the way Hagrid goes on about it, youd think it was a 
fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off 
for frightening it. And when I left, he was singing it a 
lullaby. 

There was a tap on the dark window. 

Its Hedwig! said Harry, hurrying to let her in. Shell 
have Charlies answer! 

The three of them put their heads together to read the 
note. 

Dear Ron, 

How are you? Thanks for the letter  Id be glad to 
take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it wont be easy 
getting him here. I think the best thing will be to send 
him over with some friends of mine who are coming to 
visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustnt be seen 
carrying an illegal dragon. 

Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at 
midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and 
take him away while its still dark. 



  266 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Send me an answer as soon as possible. 



Love, 

Charlie 

They looked at one another. 

Weve got the Invisibility Cloak, said Harry. It 
shouldnt be too difficult  I think the cloaks big 
enough to cover two of us and Norbert. 

It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that 
the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of 
Norbert  and Malfoy. 

There was a hitch. By the next morning, Rons bitten 
hand had swollen to twice its usual size. He didnt 
know whether it was safe to go to Madam Pomfrey  
would she recognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, 
though, he had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty 
shade of green. It looked as if Norberts fangs were 
poisonous. 

Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing 
at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in 
bed. 

Its not just my hand, he whispered, although that 
feels like its about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam 
Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he 
could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept 
threatening to tell her what really bit me  Ive told 
her it was a dog, but I dont think she believes me  I 
shouldnt have hit him at the Quidditch match, thats 
why hes doing this. 

Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down. 

  267 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Itll all be over at midnight on Saturday, said 
Hermione, but this didnt soothe Ron at all. On the 
contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat. 

Midnight on Saturday! he said in a hoarse voice. 

Oh no  oh no  Ive just remembered  Charlies 
letter was in that book Malfoy took, hes going to 
know were getting rid of Norbert. 

Harry and Hermione didnt get a chance to answer. 
Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made 
them leave, saying Ron needed sleep. 

Its too late to change the plan now, Harry told 
Hermione. We havent got time to send Charlie 
another owl, and this could be our only chance to get 
rid of Norbert. Well have to risk it. And we have got 
the Invisibility Cloak, Malfoy doesnt know about 
that. 

They found Fang the boarhound sitting outside with a 
bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who 
opened a window to talk to them. 

I wont let you in, he puffed. Norberts at a tricky 
stage  nothin I cant handle. 

When they told him about Charlies letter, his eyes 
filled with tears, although that might have been 
because Norbert had just bitten him on the leg. 

Aargh! Its all right, he only got my boot  jus 
playin  hes only a baby, after all. 

The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the 
windows rattle. Harry and Hermione walked back to 
the castle feeling Saturday couldnt come quickly 
enough. 



  268 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time 
came for him to say goodbye to Norbert if they hadnt 
been so worried about what they had to do. It was a 
very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late 
arriving at Hagrid s hut because theyd had to wait for 
Peeves to get out of their way in the entrance hall, 
where hed been playing tennis against the wall. 

Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate. 

Hes got lots o rats an some brandy fer the journey, 
said Hagrid in a muffled voice. An Ive packed his 
teddy bear in case he gets lonely. 

From inside the crate came ripping noises that 
sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his 
head torn off. 

Byebye, Norbert! Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and 
Hermione covered the crate with the Invisibility Cloak 
and stepped underneath it themselves. Mommy will 
never forget you! 

How they managed to get the crate back up to the 
castle, they never knew. Midnight ticked nearer as 
they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the 
entrance hall and along the dark corridors. Up 
another staircase, then another  even one of Harrys 
shortcuts didnt make the work much easier. 

Nearly there! Harry panted as they reached the 
corridor beneath the tallest tower. 

Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them 
almost drop the crate. Forgetting that they were 
already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, 
staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling 
with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared. 



  269 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair 
net, had Malfoy by the ear. 



Detention! she shouted. And twenty points from 
Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the 
night, how dare you   

You dont understand, Professor. Harry Potters 
coming  hes got a dragon! 

What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! 
Come on  I shall see Professor Snape about you, 
Malfoy! 

The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower 
seemed the easiest thing in the world after that. Not 
until theyd stepped out into the cold night air did 
they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe 
properly again. Hermione did a sort of jig. 

Malfoys got detention! I could sing! 

Dont, Harry advised her. 

Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert 
thrashing about in his crate. About ten minutes later, 
four broomsticks came swooping down out of the 
darkness. 

Charlies friends were a cheery lot. They showed 
Harry and Hermione the harness theyd rigged up, so 
they could suspend Norbert between them. They all 
helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry 
and Hermione shook hands with the others and 
thanked them very much. 

At last, Norbert was going ... going ... gone. 



  270 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their 
hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was 
off them. No more dragon  Malfoy in detention  
what could spoil their happiness? 

The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the 
stairs. As they stepped into the corridor, Filchs face 
loomed suddenly out of the darkness. 

Well, well, well, he whispered, we are in trouble. 

Theyd left the Invisibility Cloak on top of the tower. 



  271 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   








THE FORBIDDEN FOREST 

Things couldnt have been worse. 

Filch took them down to Professor McGonagalls 
study on the first floor, where they sat and waited 
without saying a word to each other. Hermione was 
trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild coverup stories 
chased each other around Harrys brain, each more 
feeble than the last. He couldnt see how they were 
going to get out of trouble this time. They were 
cornered. How could they have been so stupid as to 
forget the cloak? There was no reason on earth that 
Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out 
of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of 
night, let alone being up the tallest Astronomy Tower, 
which was outofbounds except for classes. Add 
Norbert and the Invisibility Cloak, and they might as 
well be packing their bags already. 

Had Harry thought that things couldnt have been 
worse? He was wrong. When Professor McGonagall 
appeared, she was leading Neville. 



  272 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



Harry! Neville burst out, the moment he saw the 
other two. I was trying to find you to warn you, I 
heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he 
said you had a drag   

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but 
Professor McGonagall had seen. She looked more 
likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over 
the three of them. 

I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Filch 
says you were up in the Astronomy Tower. Its one 
oclock in the morning. Explain yourselves. 

It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to 
answer a teachers question. She was staring at her 
slippers, as still as a statue. 

I think Ive got a good idea of whats been going on, 
said Professor McGonagall. It doesnt take a genius 
to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cockand 
bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed 
and into trouble. Ive already caught him. I suppose 
you think its funny that Longbottom here heard the 
story and believed it, too? 

Harry caught Nevilles eye and tried to tell him 
without words that this wasnt true, because Neville 
was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering 
Neville  Harry knew what it must have cost him to 
try and find them in the dark, to warn them. 

Im disgusted, said Professor McGonagall. Four 
students out of bed in one night! Ive never heard of 
such a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I thought you 
had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought 
Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of 
you will receive detentions  yes, you too, Mr. 
Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk 
  273 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




around school at night, especially these days, its very 
dangerous  and fifty points will be taken from 
Gryffindor. 

Fifty? Harry gasped  they would lose the lead, the 
lead hed won in the last Quidditch match. 

Fifty points each, said Professor McGonagall, 
breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose. 

Professor  please   

You cant 

Dont tell me what I can and cant do, Potter. Now get 
back to bed, all of you. Ive never been more ashamed 
of Gryffindor students. 

A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in 
last place. In one night, theyd ruined any chance 
Gryffindor had had for the House Cup. Harry felt as 
though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach. 
How could they ever make up for this? 

Harry didnt sleep all night. He could hear Neville 
sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. 
Harry couldnt think of anything to say to comfort 
him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the 
dawn. What would happen when the rest of 
Gryffindor found out what theyd done? 

At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses 
that recorded the House points the next day thought 
there d been a mistake. How could they suddenly 
have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? 
And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, 
the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch 
matches, had lost them all those points, him and a 
couple of other stupid first years. 

  274 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




From being one of the most popular and admired 
people at the school, Harry was suddenly the most 
hated. Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on 
him, because everyone had been longing to see 
Slytherin lose the House Cup. Everywhere Harry 
went, people pointed and didnt trouble to lower their 
voices as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other 
hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and 
cheering, Thanks Potter, we owe you one! 

Only Ron stood by him. 

Theyll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George 
have lost loads of points in all the time theyve been 
here, and people still like them. 

Theyve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one 
go, though, have they? said Harry miserably. 

Well  no, Ron admitted. 

It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry 
swore to himself not to meddle in things that werent 
his business from now on. Hed had it with sneaking 
around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that 
he went to Wood and offered to resign from the 
Quidditch team. 

Resign? Wood thundered. What goodll that do? 

How are we going to get any points back if we cant 
win at Quidditch? 

But even Quidditch had lost its fun. The rest of the 
team wouldnt speak to Harry during practice, and if 
they had to speak about him, they called him the 
Seeker. 

Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. They didnt 
have as bad a time as Harry, because they werent as 

  275 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




wellknown, but nobody would speak to them, either. 
Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in 
class, keeping her head down and working in silence. 

Harry was almost glad that the exams werent far 
away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off 
his misery. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to 
themselves, working late into the night, trying to 
remember the ingredients in complicated potions, 
learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates 
of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions. ... 

Then, about a week before the exams were due to 
start, Harrys new resolution not to interfere in 
anything that didnt concern him was put to an 
unexpected test. Walking back from the library on his 
own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering 
from a classroom up ahead. As he drew closer, he 
heard Quirrells voice. 

No  no  not again, please   

It sounded as though someone was threatening him. 
Harry moved closer. 

All right  all right   he heard Quirrell sob. 

Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the 
classroom straightening his turban. He was pale and 
looked as though he was about to cry. He strode out 
of sight; Harry didnt think Quirrell had even noticed 
him. He waited until Quirrells footsteps had 
disappeared, then peered into the classroom. It was 
empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry 
was halfway toward it before he remembered what 
hed promised himself about not meddling. 

All the same, hed have gambled twelve Sorcerers 
Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from 

  276 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking 
with a new spring in his step  Quirrell seemed to 
have given in at last. 

Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was 
testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what hed 
heard. 

Snapes done it, then! said Ron. If Quirrells told 
him how to break his AntiDark Force spell   

Theres still Fluffy, though, said Hermione. 

Maybe Snapes found out how to get past him 
without asking Hagrid, said Ron, looking up at the 
thousands of books surrounding them. I bet theres a 
book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a 
giant threeheaded dog. So what do we do, Harry? 

The light of adventure was kindling again in Rons 
eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry could. 

Go to Dumbledore. Thats what we should have done 
ages ago. If we try anything ourselves well be thrown 
out for sure. 

But weve got no proof. said Harry. Quirrells too 
scared to back us up. Snapes only got to say he 
doesnt know how the troll got in at Halloween and 
that he was nowhere near the third floor  who do 
you think theyll believe, him or us? Its not exactly a 
secret we hate him, Dumbledore ll think we made it 
up to get him sacked. Filch wouldnt help us if his life 
depended on it, hes too friendly with Snape, and the 
more students get thrown out, the better, hell think. 
And dont forget, were not supposed to know about 
the Stone or Fluffy. Thatll take a lot of explaining. 

Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didnt. 

  277 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




If we just do a bit of poking around   



No, said Harry flatly, weve done enough poking 
around. 

He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to 
learn the names of its moons. 

The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, 
Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table. They 
were all the same: 

Your detention will take place at eleven oclock 
tonight. 

Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall. 

Professor M. McGonagall 

Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in 
the furor over the points theyd lost. He half expected 
Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of 
studying lost, but she didnt say a word. Like Harry, 
she felt they deserved what theyd got. 

At eleven oclock that night, they said goodbye to Ron 
in the common room and went down to the entrance 
hall with Neville. Filch was already there  and so 
was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had 
gotten a detention, too. 

Follow me, said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading 
them outside. 

I bet youll think twice about breaking a school rule 
again, wont you, eh? he said, leering at them. Oh 
yes . . . hard work and pain are the best teachers if you 
ask me. ... Its just a pity they let the old 
punishments die out . . . hang you by your wrists from 
  278 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




the ceiling for a few days, Ive got the chains still in 
my office, keep em well oiled in case theyre ever 
needed. ... Right, off we go, and dont think of running 
off, now, itll be worse for you if you do. 

They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville 
kept sniffing. Harry wondered what their punishment 
was going to be. It must be something really horrible, 
or Filch wouldnt be sounding so delighted. 

The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it 
kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead, Harry 
could see the lighted windows of Hagrids hut. Then 
they heard a distant shout. 

Is that you, Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started. 

Harrys heart rose; if they were going to be working 
with Hagrid it wouldnt be so bad. His relief must 
have showed in his face, because Filch said, I 
suppose you think youll be enjoying yourself with 
that oaf? Well, think again, boy  its into the forest 
youre going and Im much mistaken if youll all come 
out in one piece. 

At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy 
stopped dead in his tracks. 

The forest? he repeated, and he didnt sound quite 
as cool as usual. We cant go in there at night  
theres all sorts of things in there  werewolves, I 
heard. 

Neville clutched the sleeve of Harrys robe and made a 
choking noise. 

Thats your problem, isnt it? said Filch, his voice 
cracking with glee. Shouldve thought of them 
werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldnt you? 

  279 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, 
Fang at his heel. He was carrying his large crossbow, 
and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder. 

Abou time, he said. I bin waitin fer half an hour 
already. All right, Harry, Hermione? 

I shouldnt be too friendly to them, Hagrid, said 
Filch coldly, theyre here to be punished, after all. 

Thats why yer late, is it? said Hagrid, frowning at 
Filch. Bin lecturin them, eh? Snot your place ter do 
that. Yehve done yer bit, Ill take over from here. 

Ill be back at dawn, said Filch, for whats left of 
them, he added nastily, and he turned and started 
back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the 
darkness. 

Malfoy now turned to Hagrid. 

Im not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was 
pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice. 

Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts, said 
Hagrid fiercely. Yehve done wrong an now yehve got 
ter pay fer it. 

But this is servant stuff, its not for students to do. I 
thought wed be copying lines or something, if my 
father knew I was doing this, hed   

  tell yer thats how it is at Hogwarts, Hagrid 
growled. Copyin lines! What goods that ter anyone? 
Yehll do summat useful or yehll get out. If yeh think 
yer fatherd rather you were expelled, then get back 
off ter the castle an pack. Go on! 



  280 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Malfoy didnt move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but 
then dropped his gaze. 

Right then, said Hagrid, now, listen carefully, 

cause its dangerous what were gonna do tonight, an 
I don want no one takin risks. Follow me over here a 
moment. 

He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his 
lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding 
earth track that disappeared into the thick black 
trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked 
into the forest. 

Look there, said Hagrid, see that stuff shinin on 
the ground? Silvery stuff? Thats unicorn blood. 
Theres a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat. 
This is the second time in a week. I found one dead 
last Wednesday. Were gonna try an find the poor 
thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery. 

And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us 
first? said Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his 
voice. 

Theres nothin that lives in the forest thatll hurt yeh 
if yer with me or Fang, said Hagrid. An keep ter the 
path. Right, now, were gonna split inter two parties 
an follow the trail in diffrent directions. Theres blood 
all over the place, it mustve bin staggerin around 
since last night at least. 

I want Fang, said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fangs 
long teeth. 

All right, but I warn yeh, hes a coward, said Hagrid. 
So me, Harry, an Hermionell go one way an Draco, 
Neville, an Fangll go the other. Now, if any of us 
finds the unicorn, well send up green sparks, right? 

  281 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Get yer wands out an practice now  thats it  an 
if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an well 
all come an find yeh  so, be careful  lets go. 

The forest was black and silent. A little way into it 
they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, 
Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, 
Neville, and Fang took the right. 

They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. 
Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the 
branches above lit a spot of silverblue blood on the 
fallen leaves. 

Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried. 

 Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns? Harry 
asked. 

Not fast enough, said Hagrid. Its not easy ter catch 
a unicorn, theyre powerful magic creatures. I never 
knew one ter be hurt before. 

They walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry could 
hear running water; there must be a stream 
somewhere close by. There were still spots of unicorn 
blood here and there along the winding path. 

You all right, Hermione? Hagrid whispered. Don 
worry, it cantve gone far if its this badly hurt, an 
then well be able ter  GET BEHIND THAT TREE! 

Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them 
off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an 
arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready 
to fire. The three of them listened. Something was 
slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a 
cloak trailing along the ground. Hagrid was squinting 



  282 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound 
faded away. 

I knew it, he murmured. Theres summat in here 
that shouldn be. 

A werewolf? Harry suggested. 

That wasn no werewolf an it wasn no unicorn, 
neither, said Hagrid grimly. Right, follow me, but 
careful, now. 

They walked more slowly, ears straining for the 
faintest sound. Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, 
something definitely moved. 

Whos there? Hagrid called. Show yerself  Im 
armed! 

And into the clearing came  was it a man, or a 
horse? To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, 
but below that was a horses gleaming chestnut body 
with a long, reddish tail. Harry and Hermiones jaws 
dropped. 

Oh, its you, Ronan, said Hagrid in relief. How are 
yeh? 

He walked forward and shook the centaurs hand. 

Good evening to you, Hagrid, said Ronan. He had a 
deep, sorrowful voice. Were you going to shoot me? 

Cant be too careful, Ronan, said Hagrid, patting his 
crossbow. Theres summat bad loose in this forest. 
This is Harry Potter an Hermione Granger, by the 
way. Students up at the school. An this is Ronan, 
you two. Hes a centaur. 



  283 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Wed noticed, said Hermione faintly. 



Good evening, said Ronan. Students, are you? And 
do you learn much, up at the school? 

Erm   

A bit, said Hermione timidly. 

A bit. Well, thats something. Ronan sighed. He 
flung back his head and stared at the sky. Mars is 
bright tonight. 

Yeah, said Hagrid, glancing up, too. Listen, Im glad 
weve run inter yeh, Ronan, cause theres a unicorn 
bin hurt  you seen anythin? 

Ronan didnt answer immediately. He stared 
unblinkingly upward, then sighed again. 

Always the innocent are the first victims, he said. 

So it has been for ages past, so it is now. 

Yeah, said Hagrid, but have yeh seen anythin, 
Ronan? Anythin unusual? 

Mars is bright tonight, Ronan repeated, while 
Hagrid watched him impatiently. Unusually bright. 

Yeah, but I was meanin anythin unusual a bit 
nearer home, said Hagrid. So yeh havent noticed 
anythin strange? 

Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he 
said, The forest hides many secrets. 

A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid 
raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, 

  284 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




blackhaired and bodied and wilderlooking than 
Ronan. 



Hullo, Bane, said Hagrid. All right? 

Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well? 

Well enough. Look, Ive jus bin askin Ronan, you 
seen anythin odd in here lately? Theres a unicorn 
bin injured  would yeh know anythin about it? 

Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked 
skyward. 

Mars is bright tonight, he said simply. 

Weve heard, said Hagrid grumpily. Well, if either of 
you do see anythin, let me know, wont yeh? Well be 
off, then. 

Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, 
staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until 
the trees blocked their view. 

Never, said Hagrid irritably, try an get a straight 
answer out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not 
interested in anythin closern the moon. 

Are there many of them in here? asked Hermione. 

Oh, a fair few. . . . Keep themselves to themselves 
mostly, but theyre good enough about turnin up if 
ever I want a word. Theyre deep, mind, centaurs ... 
they know things ... jus don let on much. 

Dyou think that was a centaur we heard earlier? 
said Harry. 



  285 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask 
me, that was whats bin killin the unicorns  never 
heard anythin like it before. 

They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Harry 
kept looking nervously over his shoulder. He had the 
nasty feeling they were being watched. He was very 
glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them. 
They had just passed a bend in the path when 
Hermione grabbed Hagrid s arm. 

Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble! 

You two wait here! Hagrid shouted. Stay on the 
path, Ill come back for yeh! 

They heard him crashing away through the 
undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very 
scared, until they couldnt hear anything but the 
rustling of leaves around them. 

You dont think theyve been hurt, do you? 
whispered Hermione. 

I dont care if Malfoy has, but if somethings got 
Neville ... its our fault hes here in the first place. 

The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper 
than usual. Harrys seemed to be picking up every 
sigh of the wind, every cracking twig. What was going 
on? Where were the others? 

At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrids 
return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. 
Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked 
up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville 
had panicked and sent up the sparks. 



  286 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Well be lucky ter catch anythin now, with the racket 
you two were makin. Right, were changin groups  
Neville, you stay with me an Hermione, Harry, you go 
with Fang an this idiot. Im sorry, Hagrid added in a 
whisper to Harry, but hell have a harder time 
frightenin you, an weve gotta get this done. 

So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with 
Malfoy and Fang. They walked for nearly half an 
hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until the path 
became almost impossible to follow because the trees 
were so thick. Harry thought the blood seemed to be 
getting thicker. There were splashes on the roots of a 
tree, as though the poor creature had been thrashing 
around in pain close by. Harry could see a clearing 
ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient 
oak. 

Look   he murmured, holding out his arm to stop 
Malfoy. 

Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. 
They inched closer. 

It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. Harry 
had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. Its 
long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where 
it had fallen and its mane was spread pearlywhite on 
the dark leaves. 

Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering 
sound made him freeze where he stood. A bush on 
the edge of the clearing quivered. ... Then, out of the 
shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the 
ground like some stalking beast. Harry, Malfoy, and 
Fang stood transfixed. The cloaked figure reached the 
unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the 
animals side, and began to drink its blood. 



  287 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




AAAAAAAAAAARGH !  



Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted  so did 
Fang. The hooded figure raised its head and looked 
right at Harry  unicorn blood was dribbling down its 
front. It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Harry 
 he couldnt move for fear. 

Then a pain like hed never felt before pierced his 
head; it was as though his scar were on fire. Half 
blinded, he staggered backward. He heard hooves 
behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean 
over Harry, charging at the figure. 

The pain in Harrys head was so bad he fell to his 
knees. It took a minute or two to pass. When he 
looked up, the figure had gone. A centaur was 
standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one 
looked younger; he had whiteblond hair and a 
palomino body. 

Are you all right? said the centaur, pulling Harry to 
his feet. 

Yes  thank you  what was that? 

The centaur didnt answer. He had astonishingly blue 
eyes, like pale sapphires. He looked carefully at 
Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, 
livid, on Harrys forehead. 

You are the Potter boy, he said. You had better get 
back to Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this time  
especially for you. Can you ride? It will be quicker 
this way. 

My name is Firenze, he added, as he lowered 
himself on to his front legs so that Harry could 
clamber onto his back. 

  288 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from 
the other side of the clearing. Ronan and Bane came 
bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and 
sweaty. 

Firenze! Bane thundered. What are you doing? You 
have a human on your back! Have you no shame? Are 
you a common mule? 

Do you realize who this is? said Firenze. This is the 
Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the 
better. 

What have you been telling him? growled Bane. 
Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set 
ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what 
is to come in the movements of the planets? 

Ronan pawed the ground nervously. Im sure Firenze 
thought he was acting for the best, he said in his 
gloomy voice. 

Bane kicked his back legs in anger. 

For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs 
are concerned with what has been foretold! It is not 
our business to run around like donkeys after stray 
humans in our forest! 

Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, 
so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on. 

Do you not see that unicorn? Firenze bellowed at 
Bane. Do you not understand why it was killed? Or 
have the planets not let you in on that secret? I set 
myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, 
yes, with humans alongside me if I must. 



  289 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on 
as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, 
leaving Ronan and Bane behind them. 

Harry didnt have a clue what was going on. 

Whys Bane so angry? he asked. What was that 
thing you saved me from, anyway? 

Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his 
head bowed in case of lowhanging branches, but did 
not answer Harrys question. They made their way 
through the trees in silence for so long that Harry 
thought Firenze didnt want to talk to him anymore. 
They were passing through a particularly dense patch 
of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly stopped. 

Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is 
used for? 

No, said Harry, startled by the odd question. Weve 
only used the horn and tail hair in Potions. 

That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a 
unicorn, said Firenze. Only one who has nothing to 
lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a 
crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even 
if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. 
You have slain something pure and defenseless to 
save yourself, and you will have but a halflife, a 
cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your 
lips. 

Harry stared at the back of Firenzes head, which was 
dappled silver in the moonlight. 

But whod be that desperate? he wondered aloud. If 
youre going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isnt 
it? 

  290 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




It is, Firenze agreed, unless all you need is to stay 
alive long enough to drink something else  
something that will bring you back to full strength 
and power  something that will mean you can never 
die. Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the 
school at this very moment? 

The Sorcerers Stone! Of course  the Elixir of Life! 
But I dont understand who   

Can you think of nobody who has waited many years 
to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting 
their chance? 

It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly 
around Harrys heart. Over the rustling of the trees, 
he seemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told 
him on the night they had met: Some say he died. 
Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough 
human left in him to die. 

Do you mean, Harry croaked, that was VoZ   

Harry! Harry, are you all right? 

Hermione was running toward them down the path, 
Hagrid puffing along behind her. 

Im fine, said Harry, hardly knowing what he was 
saying. The unicorns dead, Hagrid, its in that 
clearing back there. 

This is where I leave you, Firenze murmured as 
Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. You are 
safe now. 

Harry slid off his back. 



  291 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Good luck, Harry Potter, said Firenze. The planets 
have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. 
I hope this is one of those times. 

He turned and cantered back into the depths of the 
forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him. 

Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, 
waiting for them to return. He shouted something 
about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him 
awake. In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide 
eyed as Harry began to tell him and Hermione what 
had happened in the forest. 

Harry couldnt sit down. He paced up and down in 
front of the fire. He was still shaking. 

Snape wants the Stone for Voldemort ... and 
Voldemorts waiting in the forest ... and all this time 
we thought Snape just wanted to get rich. ... 

Stop saying the name! said Ron in a terrified 
whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them. 

Harry wasnt listening. 

Firenze saved me, but he shouldnt have done so. ... 
Bane was furious ... he was talking about interfering 
with what the planets say is going to happen. ... They 
must show that Voldemorts coming back. ... Bane 
thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me. ... I 
suppose thats written in the stars as well. 

Will you stop saying the name\ Ron hissed. 

So all Ive got to wait for now is Snape to steal the 
Stone, Harry went on feverishly, then Voldemort will 
be able to come and finish me off. ... Well, I suppose 
Bane 11 be happy. 

  292 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word 
of comfort. 

Harry, everyone says Dumbledores the only one 
YouKnowWho was ever afraid of. With Dumbledore 
around, YouKnowWho wont touch you. Anyway, 
who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like 
fortunetelling to me, and Professor McGonagall says 
thats a very imprecise branch of magic. 

The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. 
They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore. But 
the nights surprises werent over. 

When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his 
Invisibility Cloak folded neatly underneath them. 
There was a note pinned to it: 

Just in case. 



  293 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR 

In years to come, Harry would never quite remember 
how he had managed to get through his exams when 
he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through 
the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and 
there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and 
well behind the locked door. 

It was sweltering hot, especially in the large 
classroom where they did their written papers. They 
had been given special, new quills for the exams, 
which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating 
spell. 

They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick 
called them one by one into his class to see if they 
could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk. 
Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse 
into a snuffbox  points were given for how pretty the 
snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers. 
Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their 
necks while they tried to remember how to make a 
Forgetfulness potion. 

  294 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the 
stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been 
bothering him ever since his trip into the forest. 
Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves 
because Harry couldnt sleep, but the truth was that 
Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except 
that it was now worse than ever because there was a 
hooded figure dripping blood in it. 

Maybe it was because they hadnt seen what Harry 
had seen in the forest, or because they didnt have 
scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and 
Hermione didnt seem as worried about the Stone as 
Harry. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, 
but he didnt keep visiting them in dreams, and they 
were so busy with their studying they didnt have 
much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else 
might be up to. 

Their very last exam was History of Magic. One hour 
of answering questions about batty old wizards whod 
invented selfstirring cauldrons and theyd be free, 
free for a whole wonderful week until their exam 
results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns 
told them to put down their quills and roll up their 
parchment, Harry couldnt help cheering with the 
rest. 

That was far easier than I thought it would be, said 
Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto 
the sunny grounds. I neednt have learned about the 
1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of 
Elfric the Eager. 

Hermione always liked to go through their exam 
papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, 
so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under 
a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were 



  295 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was 
basking in the warm shallows. 



No more studying, Ron sighed happily, stretching 
out on the grass. You could look more cheerful, 

Harry, weve got a week before we find out how badly 
weve done, theres no need to worry yet. 

Harry was rubbing his forehead. 

I wish I knew what this means\ he burst out angrily. 
My scar keeps hurting  its happened before, but 
never as often as this. 

Go to Madam Pomfrey, Hermione suggested. 

Im not ill, said Harry. I think its a warning ... it 
means dangers coming. ... 

Ron couldnt get worked up, it was too hot. 

Harry, relax, Hermione s right, the Stones safe as 
long as Dumbledores around. Anyway, weve never 
had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. 
He nearly had his leg ripped off once, hes not going to 
try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch 
for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down. 

Harry nodded, but he couldnt shake off a lurking 
feeling that there was something hed forgotten to do, 
something important. When he tried to explain this, 
Hermione said, Thats just the exams. I woke up last 
night and was halfway through my Transfiguration 
notes before I remembered wed done that one. 

Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didnt have 
anything to do with work, though. He watched an owl 
flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a 
note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only one 

  296 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray 
Dumbledore. Hagrid would never tell anyone how to 
get past Fluffy . . . never . . . but  

Harry suddenly jumped to his feet. 

Where re you going? said Ron sleepily. 

Ive just thought of something, said Harry. He had 
turned white. Weve got to go and see Hagrid, now. 

Why? panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up. 

Dont you think its a bit odd, said Harry, 
scrambling up the grassy slope, that what Hagrid 
wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a 
stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in 
his pocket? How many people wander around with 
dragon eggs if its against wizard law? Lucky they 
found Hagrid, dont you think? Why didnt I see it 
before? 

What are you talking about? said Ron, but Harry, 
sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didnt 
answer. 

Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; 
his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was 
shelling peas into a large bowl. 

Hullo, he said, smiling. Finished yer exams? Got 
time fer a drink? 

Yes, please, said Ron, but Harry cut him off. 

No, were in a hurry. Hagrid, Ive got to ask you 
something. You know that night you won Norbert? 
What did the stranger you were playing cards with 
look like? 

  297 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dunno said Hagrid casually, he wouldn take his 
cloak off. 



He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his 
eyebrows. 

Its not that unusual, yeh get a lot o funny folk in 
the Hogs Head  thats one o the pubs down in the 
village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn he? I 
never saw his face, he kept his hood up. 

Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas. 

What did you talk to him about, Hagrid? Did you 
mention Hogwarts at all? 

Mighta come up, said Hagrid, frowning as he tried 
to remember. Yeah ... he asked what I did, an I told 
him I was gamekeeper here. ... He asked a bit about 
the sorta creatures I look after ... so I told him ... an I 
said what Id always really wanted was a dragon ... 
an then ... I can remember too well, cause he kept 
buyin me drinks. ... Lets see ... yeah, then he said he 
had the dragon egg an we could play cards fer it if I 
wanted . . . but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he 
didn want it ter go ter any old home. ... So I told him, 
after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy. ... 

And did he  did he seem interested in Fluffy? 

Harry asked, trying to keep his voice calm. 

Well  yeah  how many threeheaded dogs dyeh 
meet, even around Hogwarts? So I told him, Fluffys a 
piece o cake if yeh know how to calm him down, jus 
play him a bit o music an hell go straight off ter 
sleep   

Hagrid suddenly looked horrified. 

  298 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I shouldnta told yeh that! he blurted out. Forget I 
said it! Hey  wherere yeh goin? 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione didnt speak to each other 
at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, 
which seemed very cold and gloomy after the 
grounds. 

Weve got to go to Dumbledore, said Harry. Hagrid 
told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was 
either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak  it 
mustve been easy, once hed got Hagrid drunk. I just 
hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us 
up if Bane doesnt stop him. Wheres Dumbledores 
office? 

They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign 
pointing them in the right direction. They had never 
been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know 
anyone who had been sent to see him. 

Well just have to   Harry began, but a voice 
suddenly rang across the hall. 

What are you three doing inside? 

It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of 
books. 

We want to see Professor Dumbledore, said 
Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought. 

See Professor Dumbledore? Professor McGonagall 
repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to 
want to do. Why? 

Harry swallowed  now what? 



  299 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Its sort of secret, he said, but he wished at once he 
hadnt, because Professor McGonagalls nostrils 
flared. 

Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago, she said 
coldly. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry 
of Magic and flew off for London at once. 

Hes gone? said Harry frantically. Now? 

Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, 
he has many demands on his time   

But this is important. 

Something you have to say is more important than 
the Ministry of Magic, Potter? 

Look, said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, 
Professor  its about the Sorcerers Stone   

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it 
wasnt that. The books she was carrying tumbled out 
of her arms, but she didnt pick them up. 

How do you know  ? she spluttered. 

Professor, I think  I know  that Sn  that 
someones going to try and steal the Stone. Ive got to 
talk to Professor Dumbledore. 

She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion. 

Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow, she 
said finally. I dont know how you found out about 
the Stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal 
it, its too well protected. 

But Professor   

  300 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Potter, I know what Im talking about, she said 
shortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen 
books. I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy 
the sunshine. 

But they didnt. 

Its tonight, said Harry, once he was sure Professor 
McGonagall was out of earshot. Snapes going 
through the trapdoor tonight. Hes found out 
everything he needs, and now hes got Dumbledore 
out of the way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of 
Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns 
up. 

But what can we   

Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round. 
Snape was standing there. 

Good afternoon, he said smoothly. 

They stared at him. 

You shouldnt be inside on a day like this, he said, 
with an odd, twisted smile. 

We were   Harry began, without any idea what he 
was going to say. 

You want to be more careful, said Snape. Hanging 
around like this, people will think youre up to 
something. And Gryffindor really cant afford to lose 
any more points, can it? 

Harry flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape 
called them back. 



  301 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Be warned, Potter  any more nighttime wanderings 
and I will personally make sure you are expelled. 

Good day to you. 

He strode off in the direction of the staffroom. 

Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others. 

Right, heres what weve got to do, he whispered 
urgently. One of us has got to keep an eye on Snape 
 wait outside the staffroom and follow him if he 
leaves it. Hermione, youd better do that. 

Why me? 

Its obvious, said Ron. You can pretend to be 
waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know. He put on a 
high voice,  Oh Professor Flitwick, Im so worried, I 
think I got question fourteen b wrong. . . .   

Oh, shut up, said Hermione, but she agreed to go 
and watch out for Snape. 

And wed better stay outside the thirdfloor corridor, 
Harry told Ron. Come on. 

But that part of the plan didnt work. No sooner had 
they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest 
of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up 
again and this time, she lost her temper. 

I suppose you think youre harder to get past than a 
pack of enchantments! she stormed. Enough of this 
nonsense! If I hear youve come anywhere near here 
again, Ill take another fifty points from Gryffindor! 

Yes, Weasley, from my own House! 

Harry and Ron went back to the common room. Harry 
had just said, At least Hermiones on Snapes tail, 

  302 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and 
Hermione came in. 

Im sorry, Harry! she wailed. Snape came out and 
asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for 
Flitwick, and Snape went to get him, and Ive only 
just got away, I dont know where Snape went. 

Well, thats it then, isnt it? Harry said. 

The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes 
were glittering. 

Im going out of here tonight and Im going to try and 
get to the Stone first. 

Youre mad! said Ron. 

You cant! said Hermione. After what McGonagall 
and Snape have said? Youll be expelled! 

SO WHAT? Harry shouted. Dont you understand? 
If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemorts coming 
back! Havent you heard what it was like when he was 
trying to take over? There wont be any Hogwarts to 
get expelled from! Hell flatten it, or turn it into a 
school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesnt matter 
anymore, cant you see? Dyou think hell leave you 
and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House 
Cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, 
Ill have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for 
Voldemort to find me there, its only dying a bit later 
than I would have, because Im never going over to 
the Dark Side! Im going through that trapdoor 
tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! 
Voldemort killed my parents, remember? 

He glared at them. 



  303 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Youre right, Harry, said Hermione in a small voice. 



Ill use the Invisibility Cloak, said Harry. Its just 
lucky I got it back. 

But will it cover all three of us? said Ron. 

All  all three of us? 

Oh, come off it, you dont think wed let you go 
alone? 

Of course not, said Hermione briskly. How do you 
think youd get to the Stone without us? Id better go 
and look through my books, there might be 
something useful. ... 

But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too. 

Not if I can help it, said Hermione grimly. Flitwick 
told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve 
percent on his exam. Theyre not throwing me out 
after that. 

After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in 
the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of 
the Gryffindors had anything to say to Harry any 
more, after all. This was the first night he hadnt been 
upset by it. Hermione was skimming through all her 
notes, hoping to come across one of the 
enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry 
and Ron didnt talk much. Both of them were 
thinking about what they were about to do. 

Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed. 

Better get the cloak, Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan 
finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran 
upstairs to their dark dormitory. He pulled out the 

  304 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had 
given him for Christmas. He pocketed it to use on 
Fluffy  he didnt feel much like singing. 

He ran back down to the common room. 

Wed better put the cloak on here, and make sure it 
covers all three of us  if Filch spots one of our feet 
wandering along on its own   

What are you doing? said a voice from the corner of 
the room. Neville appeared from behind an armchair, 
clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though hed 
been making another bid for freedom. 

Nothing, Neville, nothing, said Harry, hurriedly 
putting the cloak behind his back. 

Neville stared at their guilty faces. 

Youre going out again, he said. 

No, no, no, said Hermione. No, were not. Why dont 
you go to bed, Neville? 

Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. 
They couldnt afford to waste any more time, Snape 
might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep. 

You cant go out, said Neville, youll be caught 
again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble. 

You dont understand, said Harry, this is 
important. 

But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do 
something desperate. 



  305 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




I wont let you do it, he said, hurrying to stand in 
front of the portrait hole. Ill  Ill fight you! 

Neville, Ron exploded, get away from that hole and 
dont be an idiot   

Dont you call me an idiot! said Neville. I dont 
think you should be breaking any more rules! And 
you were the one who told me to stand up to people! 

Yes, but not to us, said Ron in exasperation. 

Neville, you dont know what youre doing. 

He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the 
toad, who leapt out of sight. 

Go on then, try and hit me! said Neville, raising his 
fists. Im ready! 

Harry turned to Hermione. 

Do something, he said desperately. 

Hermione stepped forward. 

Neville, she said, Im really, really sorry about this. 
She raised her wand. 

Petrificus Totalusl she cried, pointing it at Neville. 

Nevilles arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang 
together. His whole body rigid, he swayed where he 
stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board. 

Hermione ran to turn him over. Nevilles jaws were 
jammed together so he couldnt speak. Only his eyes 
were moving, looking at them in horror. 



  306 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Whatve you done to him? Harry whispered. 



Its the full BodyBind, said Hermione miserably. 
Oh, Neville, Im so sorry. 

We had to, Neville, no time to explain, said Harry. 

Youll understand later, Neville, said Ron as they 
stepped over him and pulled on the Invisibility Cloak. 

But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didnt 
feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, 
every statues shadow looked like Filch, every distant 
breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on 
them. 

At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. 
Norris skulking near the top. 

Oh, lets kick her, just this once, Ron whispered in 
Harrys ear, but Harry shook his head. As they 
climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her 
lamplike eyes on them, but didnt do anything. 

They didnt meet anyone else until they reached the 
staircase up to the third floor. Peeves was bobbing 
halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would 
trip. 

Whos there? he said suddenly as they climbed 
toward him. He narrowed his wicked black eyes. 
Know youre there, even if I cant see you. Are you 
ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie? 

He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at 
them. 

Should call Filch, I should, if somethings acreeping 
around unseen. 

  307 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry had a sudden idea. 



Peeves, he said, in a hoarse whisper, the Bloody 
Baron has his own reasons for being invisible. 

Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. He caught 
himself in time and hovered about a foot off the 
stairs. 

So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, sir, he said 
greasily. My mistake, my mistake  I didnt see you 
 of course I didnt, youre invisible  forgive old 
Peevsie his little joke, sir. 

I have business here, Peeves, croaked Harry. Stay 
away from this place tonight. 

I will, sir, I most certainly will, said Peeves, rising up 
in the air again. Hope your business goes well, 

Baron, Ill not bother you. 

And he scooted off. 

Brilliant, Harry! whispered Ron. 

A few seconds later, they were there, outside the 
thirdfloor corridor  and the door was already ajar. 

Well, there you are, Harry said quietly, Snapes 
already got past Fluffy. 

Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress 
upon all three of them what was facing them. 
Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other two. 

If you want to go back, I wont blame you, he said. 
You can take the cloak, I wont need it now. 

Dont be stupid, said Ron. 

  308 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Were coming, said Hermione. 

Harry pushed the door open. 

As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their 
ears. All three of the dogs noses sniffed madly in their 
direction, even though it couldnt see them. 

Whats that at its feet? Hermione whispered. 

Looks like a harp, said Ron. Snape must have left it 
there. 

It must wake up the moment you stop playing, said 
Harry. Well, here goes ... 

He put Hagrids flute to his lips and blew. It wasnt 
really a tune, but from the first note the beasts eyes 
began to droop. Harry hardly drew breath. Slowly, the 
dogs growls ceased  it tottered on its paws and fell 
to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast 
asleep. 

Keep playing, Ron warned Harry as they slipped out 
of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. They 
could feel the dogs hot, smelly breath as they 
approached the giant heads. 

I think well be able to pull the door open, said Ron, 
peering over the dogs back. Want to go first, 
Hermione? 

No, I dont! 

All right. Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully 
over the dogs legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the 
trapdoor, which swung up and open. 

What can you see? Hermione said anxiously. 

  309 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Nothing  just black  theres no way of climbing 
down, well just have to drop. 

Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to 
get his attention and pointed at himself. 

You want to go first? Are you sure? said Ron. I 
dont know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to 
Hermione so she can keep him asleep. 

Harry handed the flute over. In the few seconds 
silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the 
moment Hermione began to play, it fell back into its 
deep sleep. 

Harry climbed over it and looked down through the 
trapdoor. There was no sign of the bottom. 

He lowered himself through the hole until he was 
hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at 
Ron and said, If anything happens to me, dont 
follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to 
Dumbledore, right? 

Right, said Ron. 

See you in a minute, I hope. ... 

And Harry let go. Cold, damp air rushed past him as 
he fell down, down, down and  

FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he 
landed on something soft. He sat up and felt around, 
his eyes not used to the gloom. It felt as though he 
was sitting on some sort of plant. 

Its okay! he called up to the light the size of a 
postage stamp, which was the open trapdoor, its a 
soft landing, you can jump! 

  310 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to 
Harry. 

Whats this stuff? were his first words. 

Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose its here 
to break the fall. Come on, Hermione! 

The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark 
from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped. She 
landed on Harrys other side. 

We must be miles under the school, she said. 

Lucky this plant things here, really, said Ron. 

Lucky\ shrieked Hermione. Look at you both! 

She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She 
had to struggle because the moment she had landed, 
the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils 
around her ankles. As for Harry and Ron, their legs 
had already been bound tightly in long creepers 
without their noticing. 

Hermione had managed to free herself before the 
plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched in 
horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off 
them, but the more they strained against it, the 
tighter and faster the plant wound around them. 

Stop moving! Hermione ordered them. I know what 
this is  its Devils Snare! 

Oh, Im so glad we know what its called, thats a 
great help, snarled Ron, leaning back, trying to stop 
the plant from curling around his neck. 



  311 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Shut up, Im trying to remember how to kill it! said 
Hermione. 

Well, hurry up, I cant breathe! Harry gasped, 
wrestling with it as it curled around his chest. 

Devils Snare, Devils Snare ... what did Professor 
Sprout say?  it likes the dark and the damp   

So light a fire! Harry choked. 

Yes  of course  but theres no wood! Hermione 
cried, wringing her hands. 

HAVE YOU GONE MAD? Ron bellowed. ARE YOU A 
WITCH OR NOT? 

Oh, right! said Hermione, and she whipped out her 
wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of 
the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at 
the plant. In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it 
loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light 
and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself 
from their bodies, and they were able to pull free. 

Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione, 
said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat 
off his face. 

Yeah, said Ron, and lucky Harry doesnt lose his 
head in a crisis  theres no wood, honestly. 

This way, said Harry, pointing down a stone 
passageway, which was the only way forward. 

All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the 
gentle drip of water trickling down the walls. The 
passageway sloped downward, and Harry was 
reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the 

  312 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




heart, he remembered the dragons said to be 
guarding vaults in the wizards bank. If they met a 
dragon, a fullygrown dragon  Norbert had been bad 
enough ... 

Can you hear something? Ron whispered. 

Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to 
be coming from up ahead. 

Do you think its a ghost? 

I dont know ... sounds like wings to me. 

Theres light ahead  I can see something moving. 

They reached the end of the passageway and saw 
before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling 
arching high above them. It was full of small, jewel 
bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the 
room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a 
heavy wooden door. 

Do you think theyll attack us if we cross the room? 
said Ron. 

Probably, said Harry. They dont look very vicious, 
but I suppose if they all swooped down at once . . . 
well, theres no other choice ... Ill run. 

He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, 
and sprinted across the room. He expected to feel 
sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, 
but nothing happened. He reached the door 
untouched. He pulled the handle, but it was locked. 

The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved 
at the door, but it wouldnt budge, not even when 
Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm. 

  313 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Now what? said Ron. 



These birds ... they cant be here just for decoration, 
said Hermione. 

They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering  
glittering? 

Theyre not birds! Harry said suddenly. Theyre 
keys\ Winged keys  look carefully. So that must 
mean ... he looked around the chamber while the 
other two squinted up at the flock of keys. "... yes  
look! Broomsticks! Weve got to catch the key to the 
door! 

But there are hundreds of them! 

Ron examined the lock on the door. 

Were looking for a big, oldfashioned one  probably 
silver, like the handle. 

They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the 
air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys. They 
grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted 
and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to 
catch one. 

Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest 
Seeker in a century. He had a knack for spotting 
things other people didnt. After a minutes weaving 
about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he 
noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it 
had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the 
keyhole. 

That one! he called to the others. That big one  
there  no, there  with bright blue wings  the 
feathers are all crumpled on one side. 

  314 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was 
pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off 
his broom. 

Weve got to close in on it! Harry called, not taking 
his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. Ron, you 
come at it from above  Hermione, stay below and 
stop it from going down  and Ill try and catch it. 
Right, NOW! 

Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key 
dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped 
toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a 
nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone 
with one hand. Ron and Hermione s cheers echoed 
around the high chamber. 

They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the 
key struggling in his hand. He rammed it into the lock 
and turned  it worked. The moment the lock had 
clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very 
battered now that it had been caught twice. 

Ready? Harry asked the other two, his hand on the 
door handle. They nodded. He pulled the door open. 

The next chamber was so dark they couldnt see 
anything at all. But as they stepped into it, light 
suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing 
sight. 

They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, 
behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than 
they were and carved from what looked like black 
stone. Facing them, way across the chamber, were 
the white pieces. Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered 
slightly  the towering white chessmen had no faces. 

Now what do we do? Harry whispered. 

  315 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Its obvious, isnt it? said Ron. Weve got to play our 
way across the room. 



Behind the white pieces they could see another door. 

How? said Hermione nervously. 

I think, said Ron, were going to have to be 
chessmen. 

He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out 
to touch the knights horse. At once, the stone sprang 
to life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight 
turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron. 

Do we  er  have to join you to get across? 

The black knight nodded. Ron turned to the other 
two. 

This needs thinking about. ... he said. I suppose 
weve got to take the place of three of the black pieces. 



Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron 
think. Finally he said, Now, dont be offended or 
anything, but neither of you are that good at chess  



Were not offended, said Harry quickly. Just tell us 
what to do. 

Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and 
Hermione, you go there instead of that castle. 

What about you? 

Im going to be a knight, said Ron. 

  316 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because 
at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned 
their backs on the white pieces and walked off the 
board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione took. 

White always plays first in chess, said Ron, peering 
across the board. Yes ... look ... 

A white pawn had moved forward two squares. 

Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved 
silently wherever he sent them. Harrys knees were 
trembling. What if they lost? 

Harry  move diagonally four squares to the right. 

Their first real shock came when their other knight 
was taken. The white queen smashed him to the floor 
and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite 
still, facedown. 

Had to let that happen, said Ron, looking shaken. 
Leaves you free to take that bishop, Hermione, go 
on. 

Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces 
showed no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp 
black players slumped along the wall. Twice, Ron only 
just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in 
danger. He himself darted around the board, taking 
almost as many white pieces as they had lost black 
ones. 

Were nearly there, he muttered suddenly. Let me 
think  let me think ... 

The white queen turned her blank face toward him. 



  317 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Yes ... said Ron softly, its the only way ... Ive got 
to be taken. 



NO! Harry and Hermione shouted. 

Thats chess! snapped Ron. Youve got to make 
some sacrifices! I make my move and shell take me  
that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry! 

But   

Do you want to stop Snape or not? 

Ron   

Look, if you dont hurry up, hell already have the 
Stone! 

There was no alternative. 

Ready? Ron called, his face pale but determined. 
Here I go  now, dont hang around once youve 
won. 

He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced. 
She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone 
arm, and he crashed to the floor  Hermione 
screamed but stayed on her square  the white 
queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as if hed 
been knocked out. 

Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left. 

The white king took off his crown and threw it at 
Harrys feet. They had won. The chessmen parted and 
bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. With one last 
desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione 
charged through the door and up the next 
passageway. 

  318 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




What if hes  ? 



Hell be all right, said Harry, trying to convince 
himself. What do you reckons next? 

Weve had Sprouts, that was the Devils Snare; 
Flitwick mustve put charms on the keys; McGonagall 
transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that 
leaves Quirrells spell, and Snapes ... 

They had reached another door. 

All right? Harry whispered. 

Go on. 

Harry pushed it open. 

A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of 
them pull their robes up over their noses. Eyes 
watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a 
troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out 
cold with a bloody lump on its head. 

Im glad we didnt have to fight that one, Harry 
whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its 
massive legs. Come on, I cant breathe. 

He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly 
daring to look at what came next  but there was 
nothing very frightening in here, just a table with 
seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a 
line. 

Snapes, said Harry. What do we have to do? 

They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a 
fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasnt 
ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same 

  319 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading 
onward. They were trapped. 

Look! Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to 
the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulder to read it: 

Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind, 

Two of us will help you, whichever you would find, 

One among us seven will let you move ahead, 

Another will transport the drinker back instead, 

Two among our number hold only nettle wine, 

Three of us are killers, waiting hidden in line. 

Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore, 

To help you in your choice, we give you these clues 
four: 

First, however slyly the poison tries to hide 

You will always find some on nettle wines left side; 

Second, different are those who stand at either end, 

But if you would move onward, neither is your friend; 

Third, as you see clearly, all are different size, 

Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides; 

Fourth, the second left and the second on the right 

Are twins once you taste them, though different at first 
sight 

  320 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw 
that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like 
doing. 

Brilliant, said Hermione. This isnt magic  its 
logic  a puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards havent 
got an ounce of logic, theyd be stuck in here forever. 

But so will we, wont we? 

Of course not, said Hermione. Everything we need 
is here on this paper. Seven bottles: three are poison; 
two are wine; one will get us safely through the black 
fire, and one will get us back through the purple. 

But how do we know which to drink? 

Give me a minute. 

Hermione read the paper several times. Then she 
walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to 
herself and pointing at them. At last, she clapped her 
hands. 

Got it, she said. The smallest bottle will get us 
through the black fire  toward the Stone. 

Harry looked at the tiny bottle. 

Theres only enough there for one of us, he said. 
Thats hardly one swallow. 

They looked at each other. 

Which one will get you back through the purple 
flames? 

Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end 
of the line. 

  321 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




You drink that, said Harry. No, listen, get back and 
get Ron. Grab brooms from the flyingkey room, 
theyll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy  
go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to 
Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold 
Snape off for a while, but Im no match for him, 
really. 

But Harry  what if YouKnow Whos with him? 

Well  I was lucky once, wasnt I? said Harry, 
pointing at his scar. I might get lucky again. 

Hermiones lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at 
Harry and threw her arms around him. 

Hermionel 

Harry  youre a great wizard, you know. 

Im not as good as you, said Harry, very 
embarrassed, as she let go of him. 

Me! said Hermione. Books! And cleverness! There 
are more important things  friendship and bravery 
and  oh Harry  be carefull 

You drink first, said Harry. You are sure which is 
which, arent you? 

Positive, said Hermione. She took a long drink from 
the round bottle at the end, and shuddered. 

Its not poison? said Harry anxiously. 

No  but its like ice. 

Quick, go, before it wears off. 



  322 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Good luck  take care   



GO! 

Hermione turned and walked straight through the 
purple fire. 

Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest 
bottle. He turned to face the black flames. 

Here I come, he said, and he drained the little bottle 
in one gulp. 

It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He 
put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced 
himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but 
couldnt feel them  for a moment he could see 
nothing but dark fire  then he was on the other 
side, in the last chamber. 

There was already someone there  but it wasnt 
Snape. It wasnt even Voldemort. 



  323 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   






THE MAN WITH TWO FACES 

It was Quirrell. 

You\ gasped Harry. 

Quirrell smiled. His face wasnt twitching at all. 

Me, he said calmly. I wondered whether Id be 
meeting you here, Potter. 

But I thought  Snape   

Severus? Quirrell laughed, and it wasnt his usual 
quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. Yes, 
Severus does seem the type, doesnt he? So useful to 
have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. 

Next to him, who would suspect pppoor, st 
stuttering PProfessor Quirrell? 

Harry couldnt take it in. This couldnt be true, it 
couldnt. 

But Snape tried to kill me! 

  324 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   



No, no, no. / tried to kill you. Your friend Miss 
Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed 
to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She 
broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds 
and Id have got you off that broom. Id have managed 
it before then if Snape hadnt been muttering a 
countercurse, trying to save you. 

Snape was trying to save me? 

Of course, said Quirrell coolly. Why do you think 
he wanted to referee your next match? He was trying 
to make sure I didnt do it again. Funny, really ... he 
neednt have bothered. I couldnt do anything with 
Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought 
Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he 
did make himself unpopular . . . and what a waste of 
time, when after all that, Im going to kill you tonight. 

Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin 
air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry. 

Youre too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the 
school on Halloween like that, for all I knew youd 
seen me coming to look at what was guarding the 
Stone. 

 You let the troll in? 

Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls  you must 
have seen what I did to the one in the chamber back 
there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was 
running around looking for it, Snape, who already 
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head 
me off  and not only did my troll fail to beat you to 
death, that threeheaded dog didnt even manage to 
bite Snape s leg off properly. 



  325 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this 
interesting mirror. 

It was only then that Harry realized what was 
standing behind Quirrell. It was the Mirror of Erised. 

This mirror is the key to finding the Stone, Quirrell 
murmured, tapping his way around the frame. Trust 
Dumbledore to come up with something like this . . . 
but hes in London ... Ill be far away by the time he 
gets back. ... 

All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell 
talking and stop him from concentrating on the 
mirror. 

I saw you and Snape in the forest   he blurted out. 

Yes, said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to 
look at the back. He was on to me by that time, 
trying to find out how far Id got. He suspected me all 
along. Tried to frighten me  as though he could, 
when I had Lord Voldemort on my side. ... 

Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and 
stared hungrily into it. 

I see the Stone ... Im presenting it to my master ... 
but where is it? 

Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but 
they didnt give. He had to keep Quirrell from giving 
his whole attention to the mirror. 

But Snape always seemed to hate me so much. 

Oh, he does, said Quirrell casually, heavens, yes. 
He was at Hogwarts with your father, didnt you 



  326 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted 
you dead. 

But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing  I thought 
Snape was threatening you. 

For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across 
Quirrells face. 

Sometimes, he said, I find it hard to follow my 
masters instructions  he is a great wizard and I am 
weak   

You mean he was there in the classroom with you? 
Harry gasped. 

He is with me wherever I go, said Quirrell quietly. I 
met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish 
young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about 
good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong 
I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, 
and those too weak to seek it. ... Since then, I have 
served him faithfully, although I have let him down 
many times. He has had to be very hard on me. 
Quirrell shivered suddenly. He does not forgive 
mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the Stone from 
Gringotts, he was most displeased. He punished me 
. . . decided he would have to keep a closer watch on 
me. ... 

Quirrells voice trailed away. Harry was remembering 
his trip to Diagon Alley  how could he have been so 
stupid? Hed seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken 
hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron. 

Quirrell cursed under his breath. 

I dont understand ... is the Stone inside the mirror? 
Should I break it? 

  327 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harrys mind was racing. 



What I want more than anything else in the world at 
the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before 
Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see 
my self finding it  which means Ill see where its 
hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing 
what Im up to? 

He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass 
without Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his 
ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell 
ignored him. He was still talking to himself. 

What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help 
me, Master! 

And to Harrys horror, a voice answered, and the voice 
seemed to come from Quirrell himself. 

Use the boy ... Use the boy ... 

Quirrell rounded on Harry. 

Yes  Potter  come here. 

He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding 
Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet. 

Come here, Quirrell repeated. Look in the mirror 
and tell me what you see. 

Harry walked toward him. 

I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie 
about what I see, thats all. 

Quirrell moved close behind him. Harry breathed in 
the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrells 

  328 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the 
mirror, and opened them again. 

He saw his reflection, pale and scaredlooking at first. 
But a moment later, the reflection smiled at him. It 
put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood 
red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its 
pocket  and as it did so, Harry felt something heavy 
drop into his real pocket. Somehow  incredibly  
hed gotten the Stone. 

Well? said Quirrell impatiently. What do you see? 
Harry screwed up his courage. 

I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore, he 
invented. I  Ive won the House Cup for Gryffindor. 

Quirrell cursed again. 

Get out of the way, he said. As Harry moved aside, 
he felt the Sorcerers Stone against his leg. Dare he 
make a break for it? 

But he hadnt walked five paces before a high voice 
spoke, though Quirrell wasnt moving his lips. 

He lies ... He lies ... 

Potter, come back here! Quirrell shouted. Tell me 
the truth! What did you just see? 

The high voice spoke again. 

Let me speak to him ... facetoface. ... 

Master, you are not strong enough! 

I have strength enough ... for this. ... 

  329 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry felt as if Devils Snare was rooting him to the 
spot. He couldnt move a muscle. Petrified, he 
watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap 
his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. 
Quirrells head looked strangely small without it. 

Then he turned slowly on the spot. 

Harry would have screamed, but he couldnt make a 
sound. Where there should have been a back to 
Quirrells head, there was a face, the most terrible 
face Harry had ever seen. It was chalk white with 
glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake. 

Harry Potter ... it whispered. 

Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs 
wouldnt move. 

See what I have become? the face said. Mere 
shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I can 
share anothers body . . . but there have always been 
those willing to let me into their hearts and minds. ... 
Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks 
. . . you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the 
forest ... and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be 
able to create a body of my own. ... Now ... why dont 
you give me that Stone in your pocket? 

So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into 
Harrys legs. He stumbled backward. 

Dont be a fool, snarled the face. Better save your 
own life and join me ... or youll meet the same end as 
your parents. ... They died begging me for mercy. ... 

LIAR! Harry shouted suddenly. 



  330 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that 
Voldemort could still see him. The evil face was now 
smiling. 

How touching ... it hissed. I always value bravery. 

... Yes, boy, your parents were brave. ... I killed your 
father first, and he put up a courageous fight . . . but 
your mother neednt have died ... she was trying to 
protect you. ... Now give me the Stone, unless you 
want her to have died in vain. 

NEVER! 

Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort 
screamed SEIZE HIM! and the next second, Harry 
felt Quirrells hand close on his wrist. At once, a 
needlesharp pain seared across Harrys scar; his 
head felt as though it was about to split in two; he 
yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his 
surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head 
lessened  he looked around wildly to see where 
Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, 
looking at his fingers  they were blistering before his 
eyes. 

Seize him! SEIZE HIM! shrieked Voldemort again, 
and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet, 
landing on top of him, both hands around Harrys 
neck  Harrys scar was almost blinding him with 
pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony. 

Master, I cannot hold him  my hands  my 
hands! 

And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground 
with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, 
bewildered, at his own palms  Harry could see they 
looked burned, raw, red, and shiny. 



  331 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Then kill him, fool, and be done! screeched 
Voldemort. 

Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, 
but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed 
Quirrells face  

AAAARGH! 

Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and 
then Harry knew: Quirrell couldnt touch his bare 
skin, not without suffering terrible pain  his only 
chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in 
enough pain to stop him from doing a curse. 

Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, 
and hung on as tight as he could. Quirrell screamed 
and tried to throw Harry off  the pain in Harrys 
head was building  he couldnt see  he could only 
hear Quirrells terrible shrieks and Voldemorts yells 
of, KILL HIM! KILL HIM! and other voices, maybe in 
Harrys own head, crying, Harry! Harry! 

He felt Quirrells arm wrenched from his grasp, knew 
all was lost, and fell into blackness, down ... down ... 
down ... 

Something gold was glinting just above him. The 
Snitch! He tried to catch it, but his arms were too 
heavy. 

He blinked. It wasnt the Snitch at all. It was a pair of 
glasses. How strange. 

He blinked again. The smiling face of Albus 
Dumbledore swam into view above him. 

Good afternoon, Harry, said Dumbledore. 



  332 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harry stared at him. Then he remembered: Sir! The 
Stone! It was Quirrell! Hes got the Stone! Sir, quick  



Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the 
times, said Dumbledore. Quirrell does not have the 
Stone. 

Then who does? Sir, I   

Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me 
thrown out. 

Harry swallowed and looked around him. He realized 
he must be in the hospital wing. He was lying in a bed 
with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table 
piled high with what looked like half the candy shop. 

Tokens from your friends and admirers, said 
Dumbledore, beaming. What happened down in the 
dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a 
complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school 
knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and George 
Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a 
toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse 
you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be 
very hygienic, and confiscated it. 

How long have I been in here? 

Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger 
will be most relieved you have come round, they have 
been extremely worried. 

But sir, the Stone   

I see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the 
Stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage to take it 



  333 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although 
you were doing very well on your own, I must say. 

You got there? You got Hermiones owl? 

We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I 
reached London than it became clear to me that the 
place I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived 
just in time to pull Quirrell off you   

It was you. 

I feared I might be too late. 

You nearly were, I couldnt have kept him off the 
Stone much longer   

Not the Stone, boy, you  the effort involved nearly 
killed you. For one terrible moment there, I was afraid 
it had. As for the Stone, it has been destroyed. 

Destroyed? said Harry blankly. But your friend  
Nicolas Flamel   

Oh, you know about Nicolas? said Dumbledore, 
sounding quite delighted. You did do the thing 
properly, didnt you? Well, Nicolas and I have had a 
little chat, and agreed its all for the best. 

But that means he and his wife will die, wont they? 

They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in 
order and then, yes, they will die. 

Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on 
Harrys face. 

To one as young as you, Im sure it seems incredible, 
but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to 

  334 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




bed after a very, very long day. After all, to the well 
organized mind, death is but the next great 
adventure. You know, the Stone was really not such a 
wonderful thing. As much money and life as you 
could want! The two things most human beings would 
choose above all  the trouble is, humans do have a 
knack of choosing precisely those things that are 
worst for them. 

Harry lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed 
a little and smiled at the ceiling. 

Sir? said Harry. Ive been thinking ... Sir  even if 
the Stones gone, Vol, I mean, YouKnowWho   

Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper 
name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the 
thing itself. 

Yes, sir. Well, Voldemorts going to try other ways of 
coming back, isnt he? I mean, he hasnt gone, has 
he? 

No, Harry, he has not. He is still out there 
somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to 
share ... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed. He 
left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little mercy to his 
followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Harry, while 
you may only have delayed his return to power, it will 
merely take someone else who is prepared to fight 
what seems a losing battle next time  and if he is 
delayed again, and again, why, he may never return 
to power. 

Harry nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made 
his head hurt. Then he said, Sir, there are some 
other things Id like to know, if you can tell me ... 
things I want to know the truth about. ... 



  335 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




The truth. Dumbledore sighed. It is a beautiful and 
terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with 
great caution. However, I shall answer your questions 
unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case 
I beg you 11 forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie. 

Well ... Voldemort said that he only killed my mother 
because she tried to stop him from killing me. But 
why would he want to kill me in the first place? 

Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time. 

Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. 

Not today. Not now. You will know, one day ... put it 
from your mind for now, Harry. When you are older . . . 
I know you hate to hear this . . . when you are ready, 
you will know. 

And Harry knew it would be no good to argue. 

But why couldnt Quirrell touch me? 

Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing 
Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He didnt 
realize that love as powerful as your mothers for you 
leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign ... to 
have been loved so deeply, even though the person 
who loved us is gone, will give us some protection 
forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, 
greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, 
could not touch you for this reason. It was agony to 
touch a person marked by something so good. 

Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out 
on the windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry his 
eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voice again, 
Harry said, And the Invisibility Cloak  do you know 
who sent it to me? 



  336 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Ah  your father happened to leave it in my 
possession, and I thought you might like it. 
Dumbledores eyes twinkled. Useful things ... your 
father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens 
to steal food when he was here. 

And theres something else ... 

Fire away. 

Quirrell said Snape   

Professor Snape, Harry. 

Yes, him  Quirrell said he hates me because he 
hated my father. Is that true? 

Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike 
yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did 
something Snape could never forgive. 

What? 

He saved his life. 

What? 

Yes ... said Dumbledore dreamily. Funny, the way 
peoples minds work, isnt it? Professor Snape 
couldnt bear being in your fathers debt. ... I do 
believe he worked so hard to protect you this year 
because he felt that would make him and your father 
even. Then he could go back to hating your fathers 
memory in peace. ... 

Harry tried to understand this but it made his head 
pound, so he stopped. 

And sir, theres one more thing ... 

  337 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Just the one? 



How did I get the Stone out of the mirror? 

Ah, now, Im glad you asked me that. It was one of 
my more brilliant ideas, and between you and me, 
thats saying something. You see, only one who 
wanted to find the Stone  find it, but not use it  
would be able to get it, otherwise theyd just see 
themselves making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My 
brain surprises even me sometimes. ... Now, enough 
questions. I suggest you make a start on these 
sweets. Ah! Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans! I was 
unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a 
vomitflavored one, and since then Im afraid Ive 
rather lost my liking for them  but I think Ill be safe 
with a nice toffee, dont you? 

He smiled and popped the goldenbrown bean into his 
mouth. Then he choked and said, Alas! Ear wax! 

Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but 
very strict. 

Just five minutes, Harry pleaded. 

Absolutely not. 

You let Professor Dumbledore in. ... 

Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite 
different. You need rest. 

I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go 
on, Madam Pomfrey ... 

Oh, very well, she said. But five minutes only. 

And she let Ron and Hermione in. 

  338 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Harryl 



Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him 
again, but Harry was glad she held herself in as his 
head was still very sore. 

Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to  
Dumbledore was so worried   

The whole schools talking about it, said Ron. What 
really happened? 

It was one of those rare occasions when the true story 
is even more strange and exciting than the wild 
rumors. Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the 
mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione 
were a very good audience; they gasped in all the 
right places, and when Harry told them what was 
under Quirrells turban, Hermione screamed out loud. 

So the Stones gone? said Ron finally. Flamels just 
going to die? 

Thats what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that  
what was it?  to the wellorganized mind, death is 
but the next great adventure.  

I always said he was off his rocker, said Ron, 
looking quite impressed at how crazy his hero was. 

So what happened to you two? said Harry. 

Well, I got back all right, said Hermione. I brought 
Ron round  that took a while  and we were 
dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when 
we met him in the entrance hall  he already knew  
he just said, Harrys gone after him, hasnt he? and 
hurtled off to the third floor. 

  339 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Dyou think he meant you to do it? said Ron. 
Sending you your fathers cloak and everything? 

Well, Hermione exploded, if he did  I mean to say 
 thats terrible  you could have been killed. 

No, it isnt, said Harry thoughtfully. Hes a funny 
man, Dumbledore. I think he sort of wanted to give 
me a chance. I think he knows more or less 
everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he 
had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and 
instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to 
help. I dont think it was an accident he let me find 
out how the mirror worked. Its almost like he thought 
I had the right to face Voldemort if I could. ... 

Yeah, Dumbledores off his rocker, all right, said 
Ron proudly. Listen, youve got to be up for the end 
ofyear feast tomorrow. The points are all in and 
Slytherin won, of course  you missed the last 
Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by 
Ravenclaw without you  but the foodll be good. 

At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over. 

Youve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT, she 
said firmly. 



k k k 



After a good nights sleep, Harry felt nearly back to 
normal. 

I want to go to the feast, he told Madam Pomfrey as 
she straightened his many candy boxes. I can, cant 
I? 



  340 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to 
go, she said sniffily, as though in her opinion 
Professor Dumbledore didnt realize how risky feasts 
could be. And you have another visitor. 

Oh, good, said Harry. Who is it? 

Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual 
when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be 
allowed. He sat down next to Harry, took one look at 
him, and burst into tears. 

Its  all  my  ruddy  fault! he sobbed, his 
face in his hands. I told the evil git how ter get past 
Fluffy! I told him! It was the only thing he didnt 
know, an I told him! Yeh couldve died! All fer a 
dragon egg! Ill never drink again! I should be chucked 
out an made ter live as a Muggle! 

Hagrid! said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking 
with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into 
his beard. Hagrid, hed have found out somehow, 
this is Voldemort were talking about, hed have found 
out even if you hadnt told him. 

Yeh couldve died! sobbed Hagrid. An don say the 
name! 

VOLDEMORT! Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so 
shocked, he stopped crying. Ive met him and Im 
calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, we 
saved the Stone, its gone, he cant use it. Have a 
Chocolate Frog, Ive got loads. ... 

Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and 
said, That reminds me. Ive got yeh a present. 

Its not a stoat sandwich, is it? said Harry 
anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. 

  341 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter 
fix it. Course, he shoulda sacked me instead  
anyway, got y eh this ... 

It seemed to be a handsome, leathercovered book. 
Harry opened it curiously. It was full of wizard 
photographs. Smiling and waving at him from every 
 were his mother and father. 

Sent owls off ter all yer parents old school friends, 
askin fer photos ... knew yeh didn have any ... dyeh 
like it? 

Harry couldnt speak, but Hagrid understood. 

Harry made his way down to the endofyear feast 
alone that night. He had been held up by Madam 
Pomfreys fussing about, insisting on giving him one 
last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full. It 
was decked out in the Slytherin colors of green and 
silver to celebrate Slytherin s winning the House Cup 
for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner showing 
the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the 
High Table. 

When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and 
then everybody started talking loudly at once. He 
slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the 
Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that 
people were standing up to look at him. 

Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The 
babble died away. 

Another year gone! Dumbledore said cheerfully. 

And I must trouble you with an old mans wheezing 
waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious 
feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads 
are all a little fuller than they were . . . you have the 
  342 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty 
before next year starts. ... 

Now, as I understand it, the House Cup here needs 
awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, 
Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in 
third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fiftytwo; 
Ravenclaw has four hundred and twentysix and 
Slytherin, four hundred and seventy two. 

A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the 
Slytherin table. Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging 
his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight. 

Yes, yes, well done, Slytherin, said Dumbledore. 
However, recent events must be taken into account. 

The room went very still. The Slytherins smiles faded 
a little. 

Ahem, said Dumbledore. I have a few lastminute 
points to dish out. Let me see. Yes ... 

First  to Mr. Ronald Weasley ... 

Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish 
with a bad sunburn. 

"... for the bestplayed game of chess Hogwarts has 
seen in many years, I award Gryffindor House fifty 
points. 

Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; 
the stars overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be 
heard telling the other prefects, My brother, you 
know! My youngest brother! Got past McGonagalls 
giant chess set! 

At last there was silence again. 

  343 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Second  to Miss Hermione Granger . . . for the use of 
cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor House 
fifty points. 

Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly 
suspected she had burst into tears. Gryffindors up 
and down the table were beside themselves  they 
were a hundred points up. 

Third  to Mr. Harry Potter ... said Dumbledore. 

The room went deadly quiet. "... for pure nerve and 
outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor House sixty 
points. 

The din was deafening. Those who could add up while 
yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now 
had four hundred and seventytwo points  exactly 
the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the House 
Cup  if only Dumbledore had given Harry just one 
more point. 

Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell 
silent. 

There are all kinds of courage, said Dumbledore, 
smiling. It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up 
to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our 
friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville 
Longbottom. 

Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well 
have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, 
so loud was the noise that erupted from the 
Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up 
to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, 
disappeared under a pile of people hugging him. He 
had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor 
before. Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs 
and pointed at Malfoy, who couldnt have looked more 
  344 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




stunned and horrified if hed just had the BodyBind 
Curse put on him. 

Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of 
applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were 
celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, we need a little 
change of decoration. 

He clapped his hands. In an instant, the green 
hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; 
the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering 
Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was shaking 
Professor McGonagalls hand, with a horrible, forced 
smile. He caught Harrys eye and Harry knew at once 
that Snape s feelings toward him hadnt changed one 
jot. This didnt worry Harry. It seemed as though life 
would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it 
ever was at Hogwarts. 

It was the best evening of Harrys life, better than 
winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out 
mountain trolls ... he would never, ever forget tonight. 

Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results 
were still to come, but come they did. To their great 
surprise, both he and Ron passed with good marks; 
Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first 
years. Even Neville scraped through, his good 
Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions 
one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as 
stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he 
had passed, too. It was a shame, but as Ron said, you 
couldnt have everything in life. 

And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their 
trunks were packed, Nevilles toad was found lurking 
in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all 
students, warning them not to use magic over the 
holidays (I always hope theyll forget to give us 
  345 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




these, said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to 
take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across 
the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; 
talking and laughing as the countryside became 
greener and tidier; eating Bertie Botts Every Flavor 
Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off 
their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; 
pulling into platform nine and threequarters at 
Kings Cross station. 

It took quite a while for them all to get off the 
platform. A wizened old guard was up by the ticket 
barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and 
threes so they didnt attract attention by all bursting 
out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles. 

You must come and stay this summer, said Ron, 
both of you  Ill send you an owl. 

Thanks, said Harry, Ill need something to look 
forward to. 

People jostled them as they moved forward toward the 
gateway back to the Muggle world. Some of them 
called: 

Bye, Harry! 

See you, Potter! 

Still famous, said Ron, grinning at him. 

Not where Im going, I promise you, said Harry. 

He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway 
together. 

There he is, Mom, there he is, look! 



  346 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




It was Ginny Weasley, Rons younger sister, but she 
wasnt pointing at Ron. 

Harry Potter! she squealed. Look, Mom! I can see 
Be quiet, Ginny, and its rude to point. 

Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them. 

Busy year? she said. 

Very, said Harry. Thanks for the fudge and the 
sweater, Mrs. Weasley. 

Oh, it was nothing, dear. 

Ready, are you? 

It was Uncle Vernon, still purplefaced, still 
mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, 
carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary 
people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, 
looking terrified at the very sight of Harry. 

You must be Harrys family! said Mrs. Weasley. 

In a manner of speaking, said Uncle Vernon. Hurry 
up, boy, we havent got all day. He walked away. 

Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and 
Hermione. 

See you over the summer, then. 

Hope you have  er  a good holiday, said 
Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, 
shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant. 



  347 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   




Oh, I will, said Harry, and they were surprised at 
the grin that was spreading over his face.  They dont 
know were not allowed to use magic at home. Im 
going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer... 



  348 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone   


THE WORST BIRTHDAY 

Not for the first time, an argument had broken out 
over breakfast at number four, Privet Drive. Mr. 
Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of 
the morning by a loud, hooting noise from his nephew 
Harrys room. 

Third time this week! he roared across the table. If 
you cant control that owl, itll have to go! 

Harry tried, yet again, to explain. 

Shes bored, he said. Shes used to flying around 
outside. If I could just let her out at night   

Do I look stupid? snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of 
fried egg dangling from his bushy mustache. I know 
what 11 happen if that owls let out. 

He exchanged dark looks with his wife, Petunia. 

Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned 
by a long, loud belch from the Dursleys son, Dudley. 

  2 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



I want more bacon. 



Theres more in the frying pan, sweetums, said Aunt 
Petunia, turning misty eyes on her massive son. We 
must build you up while weve got the chance. ... I 
dont like the sound of that school food. ... 

Nonsense, Petunia, I never went hungry when / was 
at Smeltings, said Uncle Vernon heartily. Dudley 
gets enough, dont you, son? 

Dudley, who was so large his bottom drooped over 
either side of the kitchen chair, grinned and turned to 
Harry. 

Pass the frying pan. 

Youve forgotten the magic word, said Harry 
irritably. 

The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the 
family was incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off his 
chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen; Mrs. 
Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands 
to her mouth; Mr. Dursley jumped to his feet, veins 
throbbing in his temples. 

I meant please! said Harry quickly. I didnt mean 



WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU, thundered his uncle, 
spraying spit over the table, ABOUT SAYING THE M 
WORD IN OUR HOUSE? 

But I   

HOW DARE YOU THREATEN DUDLEY! roared 
Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with his fist. 



  3 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I just   



I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION 
OF YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF! 

Harry stared from his purplefaced uncle to his pale 
aunt, who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet. 

All right, said Harry, all right ... 

Uncle Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded 
rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the 
corners of his small, sharp eyes. 

Ever since Harry had come home for the summer 
holidays, Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a 
bomb that might go off at any moment, because Harry 
Potter wasnt a normal boy. As a matter of fact, he 
was as not normal as it is possible to be. 

Harry Potter was a wizard  a wizard fresh from his 
first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have 
him back for the holidays, it was nothing to how 
Harry felt. 

He missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a 
constant stomachache. He missed the castle, with its 
secret passageways and ghosts, his classes (though 
perhaps not Snape, the Potions master), the mail 
arriving by owl, eating banquets in the Great Hall, 
sleeping in his fourposter bed in the tower dormitory, 
visiting the gamekeeper, Hagrid, in his cabin next to 
the Forbidden Forest in the grounds, and, especially, 
Quidditch, the most popular sport in the wizarding 
world (six tall goal posts, four flying balls, and 
fourteen players on broomsticks). 



  4 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




All Harrys spellbooks, his wand, robes, cauldron, and 
topoftheline Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had 
been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle 
Vernon the instant Harry had come home. What did 
the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place on the House 
Quidditch team because he hadnt practiced all 
summer? What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went 
back to school without any of his homework done? 

The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles (not a 
drop of magical blood in their veins), and as far as 
they were concerned, having a wizard in the family 
was a matter of deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had 
even padlocked Harrys owl, Hedwig, inside her cage, 
to stop her from carrying messages to anyone in the 
wizarding world. 

Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle 
Vernon was large and neckless, with an enormous 
black mustache; Aunt Petunia was horsefaced and 
bony; Dudley was blond, pink, and porky. Harry, on 
the other hand, was small and skinny, with brilliant 
green eyes and jetblack hair that was always untidy. 
He wore round glasses, and on his forehead was a 
thin, lightningshaped scar. 

It was this scar that made Harry so particularly 
unusual, even for a wizard. This scar was the only 
hint of Harrys very mysterious past, of the reason he 
had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years 
before. 

At the age of one year old, Harry had somehow 
survived a curse from the greatest Dark sorcerer of all 
time, Lord Voldemort, whose name most witches and 
wizards still feared to speak. Harrys parents had died 
in Voldemorts attack, but Harry had escaped with his 
lightning scar, and somehow  nobody understood 
why  Voldemorts powers had been destroyed the 
instant he had failed to kill Harry. 

  5 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




So Harry had been brought up by his dead mothers 
sister and her husband. He had spent ten years with 
the Dursleys, never understanding why he kept 
making odd things happen without meaning to, 
believing the Dursleys story that he had got his scar 
in the car crash that had killed his parents. 

And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to 
Harry, and the whole story had come out. Harry had 
taken up his place at wizard school, where he and his 
scar were famous . . . but now the school year was 
over, and he was back with the Dursleys for the 
summer, back to being treated like a dog that had 
rolled in something smelly. 

The Dursleys hadnt even remembered that today 
happened to be Harrys twelfth birthday. Of course, 
his hopes hadnt been high; theyd never given him a 
real present, let alone a cake  but to ignore it 
completely ... 

At that moment, Uncle Vernon cleared his throat 
importantly and said, Now, as we all know, today is a 
very important day. 

Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it. 

This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of 
my career, said Uncle Vernon. 

Harry went back to his toast. Of course, he thought 
bitterly, Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid 
dinner party. Hed been talking of nothing else for two 
weeks. Some rich builder and his wife were coming to 
dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge 
order from him (Uncle Vernons company made drills). 



  6 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I think we should run through the schedule one 
more time, said Uncle Vernon. We should all be in 
position at eight oclock. Petunia, you will be  ? 

In the lounge, said Aunt Petunia promptly, waiting 
to welcome them graciously to our home. 

Good, good. And Dudley? 

Ill be waiting to open the door. Dudley put on a 
foul, simpering smile. May I take your coats, Mr. and 
Mrs. Mason? 

Theyll love him! cried Aunt Petunia rapturously. 

Excellent, Dudley, said Uncle Vernon. Then he 
rounded on Harry. And you? 

Ill be in my bedroom, making no noise and 
pretending Im not there, said Harry tonelessly. 

Exactly, said Uncle Vernon nastily. I will lead them 
into the lounge, introduce you, Petunia, and pour 
them drinks. At eightfifteen   

Ill announce dinner, said Aunt Petunia. 

And, Dudley, you 11 say   

May I take you through to the dining room, Mrs. 
Mason? said Dudley, offering his fat arm to an 
invisible woman. 

My perfect little gentleman! sniffed Aunt Petunia. 

And you? said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry. 

Ill be in my room, making no noise and pretending 
Im not there, said Harry dully. 

  7 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Precisely. Now, we should aim to get in a few good 
compliments at dinner. Petunia, any ideas? 



Vernon tells me youre a wonderful golfer, Mr. 

Mason. ... Do tell me where you bought your dress, 
Mrs. Mason. ... 

Perfect ... Dudley? 

How about  We had to write an essay about our 
hero at school, Mr. Mason, and I wrote about you.  

This was too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry. 
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son, 
while Harry ducked under the table so they wouldnt 
see him laughing. 

And you, boy? 

Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged. 

Ill be in my room, making no noise and pretending 
Im not there, he said. 

Too right, you will, said Uncle Vernon forcefully. 

The Masons dont know anything about you and its 
going to stay that way. When dinners over, you take 
Mrs. Mason back to the lounge for coffee, Petunia, 
and Ill bring the subject around to drills. With any 
luck, Ill have the deal signed and sealed before the 
news at ten. Well be shopping for a vacation home in 
Majorca this time tomorrow. 

Harry couldnt feel too excited about this. He didnt 
think the Dursleys would like him any better in 
Majorca than they did on Privet Drive. 

Right  Im off into town to pick up the dinner 
jackets for Dudley and me. And you, he snarled at 

  8 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry. You stay out of your aunts way while shes 
cleaning. 

Harry left through the back door. It was a brilliant, 
sunny day. He crossed the lawn, slumped down on 
the garden bench, and sang under his breath: 

Happy birthday to me ... happy birthday to me ... 

No cards, no presents, and he would be spending the 
evening pretending not to exist. He gazed miserably 
into the hedge. He had never felt so lonely. More than 
anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing 
Quidditch, Harry missed his best friends, Ron 
Weasley and Hermione Granger. They, however, didnt 
seem to be missing him at all. Neither of them had 
written to him all summer, even though Ron had said 
he was going to ask Harry to come and stay. 

Countless times, Harry had been on the point of 
unlocking Hedwigs cage by magic and sending her to 
Ron and Hermione with a letter, but it wasnt worth 
the risk. Underage wizards werent allowed to use 
magic outside of school. Harry hadnt told the 
Dursleys this; he knew it was only their terror that he 
might turn them all into dung beetles that stopped 
them from locking him in the cupboard under the 
stairs with his wand and broomstick. For the first 
couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed muttering 
nonsense words under his breath and watching 
Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs 
would carry him. But the long silence from Ron and 
Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the 
magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its 
appeal  and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten 
his birthday. 

What wouldnt he give now for a message from 
Hogwarts? From any witch or wizard? Hed almost be 

  9 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




glad of a sight of his archenemy, Draco Malfoy, just to 
be sure it hadnt all been a dream. ... 

Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun. At 
the very end of last term, Harry had come facetoface 
with none other than Lord Voldemort himself. 
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self, but he 
was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to 
regain power. Harry had slipped through Voldemorts 
clutches for a second time, but it had been a narrow 
escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept waking 
in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where 
Voldemort was now, remembering his livid face, his 
wide, mad eyes  

Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench. 
He had been staring absentmindedly into the hedge 
 and the hedge was staring back. Two enormous 
green eyes had appeared among the leaves. 

Harry jumped to his feet just as a jeering voice floated 
across the lawn. 

I know what day it is, sang Dudley, waddling toward 
him. 

The huge eyes blinked and vanished. 

What? said Harry, not taking his eyes off the spot 
where they had been. 

I know what day it is, Dudley repeated, coming right 
up to him. 

Well done, said Harry. So youve finally learned the 
days of the week. 



  10 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Todays your birthday, sneered Dudley. How come 
you havent got any cards? Havent you even got 
friends at that freak place? 

Better not let your mum hear you talking about my 
school, said Harry coolly. 

Dudley hitched up his trousers, which were slipping 
down his fat bottom. 

Whyre you staring at the hedge? he said 
suspiciously. 

Im trying to decide what would be the best spell to 
set it on fire, said Harry. 

Dudley stumbled backward at once, a look of panic 
on his fat face. 

You ccant  Dad told you youre not to do mmagic 
 he said hell chuck you out of the house  and you 
havent got anywhere else to go  you havent got any 
friends to take you   

 Jiggery pokeryV  said Harry in a fierce voice. Hocus 
pocus  squiggly wiggly   

MUUUUUUM! howled Dudley, tripping over his feet 
as he dashed back toward the house. MUUUUM! 

Hes doing you know what! 

Harry paid dearly for his moment of fun. As neither 
Dudley nor the hedge was in any way hurt, Aunt 
Petunia knew he hadnt really done magic, but he still 
had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his head 
with the soapy frying pan. Then she gave him work to 
do, with the promise he wouldnt eat again until hed 
finished. 



  11 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice 
cream, Harry cleaned the windows, washed the car, 
mowed the lawn, trimmed the flowerbeds, pruned and 
watered the roses, and repainted the garden bench. 
The sun blazed overhead, burning the back of his 
neck. Harry knew he shouldnt have risen to Dudleys 
bait, but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had 
been thinking himself ... maybe he didnt have any 
friends at Hogwarts. ... 

Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now, he 
thought savagely as he spread manure on the flower 
beds, his back aching, sweat running down his face. 

It was half past seven in the evening when at last, 
exhausted, he heard Aunt Petunia calling him. 

Get in here! And walk on the newspaper! 

Harry moved gladly into the shade of the gleaming 
kitchen. On top of the fridge stood tonights pudding: 
a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets. 
A loin of roast pork was sizzling in the oven. 

Eat quickly! The Masons will be here soon! snapped 
Aunt Petunia, pointing to two slices of bread and a 
lump of cheese on the kitchen table. She was already 
wearing a salmonpink cocktail dress. 

Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful 
supper. The moment he had finished, Aunt Petunia 
whisked away his plate. Upstairs! Hurry! 

As he passed the door to the living room, Harry 
caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow 
ties and dinner jackets. He had only just reached the 
upstairs landing when the doorbell rang and Uncle 
Vernons furious face appeared at the foot of the 
stairs. 

  12 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Remember, boy  one sound   

Harry crossed to his bedroom on tiptoe, slipped 
inside, closed the door, and turned to collapse on his 
bed. 

The trouble was, there was already someone sitting 
on it. 



  13 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






DOBBYS WARNING 

Harry managed not to shout out, but it was a close 
thing. The little creature on the bed had large, bat 
like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis 
balls. Harry knew instantly that this was what had 
been watching him out of the garden hedge that 
morning. 

As they stared at each other, Harry heard Dudleys 
voice from the hall. 

May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason? 

The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low 
that the end of its long, thin nose touched the carpet. 
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an 
old pillowcase, with rips for arm and legholes. 

Er  hello, said Harry nervously. 

Harry Potter! said the creature in a highpitched 
voice Harry was sure would carry down the stairs. So 



  14 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



long has Dobby wanted to meet you, sir ... Such an 
honor it is. ... 

Ththank you, said Harry, edging along the wall and 
sinking into his desk chair, next to Hedwig, who was 
asleep in her large cage. He wanted to ask, What are 
you? but thought it would sound too rude, so instead 
he said, Who are you? 

Dobby, sir. Just Dobby. Dobby the houseelf, said 
the creature. 

Oh  really? said Harry. Er  I dont want to be 
rude or anything, but  this isnt a great time for me 
to have a houseelf in my bedroom. 

Aunt Petunias high, false laugh sounded from the 
living room. The elf hung his head. 

Not that Im not pleased to meet you, said Harry 
quickly, but, er, is there any particular reason youre 
here? 

Oh, yes, sir, said Dobby earnestly. Dobby has come 
to tell you, sir ... it is difficult, sir ... Dobby wonders 
where to begin. ... 

Sit down, said Harry politely, pointing at the bed. 

To his horror, the elf burst into tears  very noisy 
tears. 

Ssit down). he wailed. Never ... never ever ... 

Harry thought he heard the voices downstairs falter. 

Im sorry, he whispered, I didnt mean to offend you 
or anything   



  15 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Offend Dobby! choked the elf. Dobby has never 
been asked to sit down by a wizard  like an equal  



Harry, trying to say Shh! and look comforting at the 
same time, ushered Dobby back onto the bed where 
he sat hiccoughing, looking like a large and very ugly 
doll. At last he managed to control himself, and sat 
with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of 
watery adoration. 

You cant have met many decent wizards, said 
Harry, trying to cheer him up. 

Dobby shook his head. Then, without warning, he 
leapt up and started banging his head furiously on 
the window, shouting, Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby! 

Dont  what are you doing? Harry hissed, 
springing up and pulling Dobby back onto the bed  
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud 
screech and was beating her wings wildly against the 
bars of her cage. 

Dobby had to punish himself, sir, said the elf, who 
had gone slightly crosseyed. Dobby almost spoke ill 
of his family, sir. ... 

Your family? 

The wizard family Dobby serves, sir. ... Dobby is a 
houseelf  bound to serve one house and one family 
forever. ... 

Do they know youre here? asked Harry curiously. 
Dobby shuddered. 



  16 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Oh, no, sir, no ... Dobby will have to punish himself 
most grievously for coming to see you, sir. Dobby will 
have to shut his ears in the oven door for this. If they 
ever knew, sir   

But wont they notice if you shut your ears in the 
oven door? 

Dobby doubts it, sir. Dobby is always having to 
punish himself for something, sir. They lets Dobby get 
on with it, sir. Sometimes they reminds me to do 
extra punishments. ... 

But why dont you leave? Escape? 

A houseelf must be set free, sir. And the family will 
never set Dobby free . . . Dobby will serve the family 
until he dies, sir. ... 

Harry stared. 

And I thought I had it bad staying here for another 
four weeks, he said. This makes the Dursleys sound 
almost human. Cant anyone help you? Cant I? 

Almost at once, Harry wished he hadnt spoken. 

Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude. 

Please, Harry whispered frantically, please be quiet. 
If the Dursleys hear anything, if they know youre 
here   

Harry Potter asks if he can help Dobby . . . Dobby has 
heard of your greatness, sir, but of your goodness, 
Dobby never knew. ... 

Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, 
Whatever youve heard about my greatness is a load 



  17 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




of rubbish. Im not even top of my year at Hogwarts; 
thats Hermione, she   

But he stopped quickly, because thinking about 
Hermione was painful. 

Harry Potter is humble and modest, said Dobby 
reverently, his orblike eyes aglow. Harry Potter 
speaks not of his triumph over HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named   

Voldemort? said Harry. 

Dobby clapped his hands over his bat ears and 
moaned, Ah, speak not the name, sir! Speak not the 
name! 

Sorry, said Harry quickly. I know lots of people 
dont like it. My friend Ron   

He stopped again. Thinking about Ron was painful, 
too. 

Dobby leaned toward Harry, his eyes wide as 
headlights. 

Dobby heard tell, he said hoarsely, that Harry 
Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time, just 
weeks ago ... that Harry Potter escaped yet again. 

Harry nodded and Dobbys eyes suddenly shone with 
tears. 

Ah, sir, he gasped, dabbing his face with a corner of 
the grubby pillowcase he was wearing. Harry Potter 
is valiant and bold! He has braved so many dangers 
already! But Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, 
to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in 



  18 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




the oven door later. . . . Harry Potter must not go back 
to Hogwarts. 

There was a silence broken only by the chink of 
knives and forks from downstairs and the distant 
rumble of Uncle Vernons voice. 

Wwhat? Harry stammered. But Ive got to go back 
 term starts on September first. Its all thats 
keeping me going. You dont know what its like here. 

I dont belong here. I belong in your world  at 
Hogwarts. 

No, no, no, squeaked Dobby, shaking his head so 
hard his ears flapped. Harry Potter must stay where 
he is safe. He is too great, too good, to lose. If Harry 
Potter goes back to Hogwarts, he will be in mortal 
danger. 

Why? said Harry in surprise. 

There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most 
terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry this year, whispered Dobby, 
suddenly trembling all over. Dobby has known it for 
months, sir. Harry Potter must not put himself in 
peril. He is too important, sir! 

What terrible things? said Harry at once. Whos 
plotting them? 

Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged 
his head frantically against the wall. 

All right! cried Harry, grabbing the elfs arm to stop 
him. You cant tell me. I understand. But why are 
you warning me? A sudden, unpleasant thought 
struck him. Hang on  this hasnt got anything to 
do with Vol  sorry  with YouKnowWho, has it? 
  19 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




You could just shake or nod, he added hastily as 
Dobbys head tilted worryingly close to the wall again. 

Slowly, Dobby shook his head. 

Not  not HeWhoMustNotBeNamed, sir   

But Dobbys eyes were wide and he seemed to be 
trying to give Harry a hint. Harry, however, was 
completely lost. 

He hasnt got a brother, has he? 

Dobby shook his head, his eyes wider than ever. 

Well then, I cant think who else would have a 
chance of making horrible things happen at 
Hogwarts, said Harry. I mean, theres Dumbledore, 
for one thing  you know who Dumbledore is, dont 
you? 

Dobby bowed his head. 

Albus Dumbledore is the greatest headmaster 
Hogwarts has ever had. Dobby knows it, sir. Dobby 
has heard Dumbledores powers rival those of He 
WhoMustNotBeNamed at the height of his 
strength. But, sir  Dobbys voice dropped to an 
urgent whisper  there are powers Dumbledore 
doesnt ... powers no decent wizard ... 

And before Harry could stop him, Dobby bounded off 
the bed, seized Harrys desk lamp, and started 
beating himself around the head with earsplitting 
yelps. 

A sudden silence fell downstairs. Two seconds later 
Harry, heart thudding madly, heard Uncle Vernon 



  20 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




coming into the hall, calling, Dudley must have left 
his television on again, the little tyke! 

Quick! In the closet! hissed Harry, stuffing Dobby 
in, shutting the door, and flinging himself onto the 
bed just as the door handle turned. 

What  the  devil  are  you  doing? said 
Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth, his face horribly 
close to Harrys. Youve just ruined the punch line of 
my Japanese golfer joke. ... One more sound and 
youll wish youd never been born, boy! 

He stomped flatfooted from the room. 

Shaking, Harry let Dobby out of the closet. 

See what its like here? he said. See why Ive got to 
go back to Hogwarts? Its the only place Ive got  
well, I think Ive got friends. 

Friends who dont even write to Harry Potter? said 
Dobby slyly. 

I expect theyve just been  wait a minute, said 
Harry, frowning. How do you know my friends 
havent been writing to me? 

Dobby shuffled his feet. 

Harry Potter mustnt be angry with Dobby. Dobby 
did it for the best   

Have you been stopping my letters? 

Dobby has them here, sir, said the elf. Stepping 
nimbly out of Harrys reach, he pulled a thick wad of 
envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was 
wearing. Harry could make out Hermiones neat 

  21 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




writing, Rons untidy scrawl, and even a scribble that 
looked as though it was from the Hogwarts 
gamekeeper, Hagrid. 

Dobby blinked anxiously up at Harry. 

Harry Potter mustnt be angry. ... Dobby hoped ... if 
Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him . . . 
Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir. 



Harry wasnt listening. He made a grab for the letters, 
but Dobby jumped out of reach. 

Harry Potter will have them, sir, if he gives Dobby his 
word that he will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this 
is a danger you must not face! Say you wont go back, 
sir! 

No, said Harry angrily. Give me my friends letters! 

Then Harry Potter leaves Dobby no choice, said the 
elf sadly. 

Before Harry could move, Dobby had darted to the 
bedroom door, pulled it open, and sprinted down the 
stairs. 

Mouth dry, stomach lurching, Harry sprang after him, 
trying not to make a sound. He jumped the last six 
steps, landing catlike on the hall carpet, looking 
around for Dobby. From the dining room he heard 
Uncle Vernon saying, "... tell Petunia that very funny 
story about those American plumbers, Mr. Mason. 
Shes been dying to hear ... 

Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt his 
stomach disappear. 



  22 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Aunt Petunias masterpiece of a pudding, the 
mountain of cream and sugared violets, was floating 
up near the ceiling. On top of a cupboard in the 
corner crouched Dobby. 

No, croaked Harry. Please ... theyll kill me. ... 
Harry Potter must say hes not going back to school 



Dobby ... please ... 

Say it, sir   

I cant   

Dobby gave him a tragic look. 

Then Dobby must do it, sir, for Harry Potters own 
good. 

The pudding fell to the floor with a heartstopping 
crash. Cream splattered the windows and walls as the 
dish shattered. With a crack like a whip, Dobby 
vanished. 

There were screams from the dining room and Uncle 
Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry, rigid with 
shock, covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunias 
pudding. 

At first, it looked as though Uncle Vernon would 
manage to gloss the whole thing over. (Just our 
nephew  very disturbed  meeting strangers upsets 
him, so we kept him upstairs. ...) He shooed the 
shocked Masons back into the dining room, promised 
Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life 
when the Masons had left, and handed him a mop. 
Aunt Petunia dug some ice cream out of the freezer 
  23 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




and Harry, still shaking, started scrubbing the 
kitchen clean. 

Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his 
deal  if it hadnt been for the owl. 

Aunt Petunia was just passing around a box of after 
dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through 
the dining room window, dropped a letter on Mrs. 
Masons head, and swooped out again. Mrs. Mason 
screamed like a banshee and ran from the house 
shouting about lunatics. Mr. Mason stayed just long 
enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally 
afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes, and to ask 
whether this was their idea of a joke. 

Harry stood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for 
support, as Uncle Vernon advanced on him, a 
demonic glint in his tiny eyes. 

Read it! he hissed evilly, brandishing the letter the 
owl had delivered. Go on  read it! 

Harry took it. It did not contain birthday greetings. 

Dear Mr. Potter, 

We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was 
used at your place of residence this evening at twelve 
minutes past nine. 

As you know, underage wizards are not permitted to 
perform spells outside school, and further spellwork on 
your part may lead to expulsion from said school 
(Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage 
Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C). 

We would also ask you to remember that any magical 
activity that risks notice by members of the non 

P a g e  24 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




magical community (Muggles) is a serious offense 
under section 13 of the International Confederation of 
Warlocks Statute of Secrecy. 

Enjoy your holidays! 

Yours sincerely, 

Mafalda Hopkirk 

IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE 
Ministry of Magic 

Harry looked up from the letter and gulped. 

You didnt tell us you werent allowed to use magic 
outside school, said Uncle Vernon, a mad gleam 
dancing in his eyes. Forgot to mention it. ... Slipped 
your mind, I daresay. ... 

He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog, 
all his teeth bared. Well, Ive got news for you, boy. ... 
Im locking you up. ... Youre never going back to that 
school . . . never . . . and if you try and magic yourself 
out  they 11 expel you! 

And laughing like a maniac, he dragged Harry back 
upstairs. 

Uncle Vernon was as bad as his word. The following 
morning, he paid a man to fit bars on Harrys window. 
He himself fitted a catflap in the bedroom door, so 
that small amounts of food could be pushed inside 
three times a day. They let Harry out to use the 
bathroom morning and evening. Otherwise, he was 
locked in his room around the clock. 



  25 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Three days later, the Dursleys were showing no sign 
of relenting, and Harry couldnt see any way out of his 
situation. He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking 
behind the bars on the window and wondered 
miserably what was going to happen to him. 

What was the good of magicking himself out of his 
room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it? Yet life 
at Privet Drive had reached an alltime low. Now that 
the Dursleys knew they werent going to wake up as 
fruit bats, he had lost his only weapon. Dobby might 
have saved Harry from horrible happenings at 
Hogwarts, but the way things were going, hed 
probably starve to death anyway. 

The catflap rattled and Aunt Petunias hand 
appeared, pushing a bowl of canned soup into the 
room. Harry, whose insides were aching with hunger, 
jumped off his bed and seized it. The soup was stone 
cold, but he drank half of it in one gulp. Then he 
crossed the room to Hedwigs cage and tipped the 
soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into her 
empty food tray. She ruffled her feathers and gave 
him a look of deep disgust. 

Its no good turning your beak up at it  thats all 
weve got, said Harry grimly. 

He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the 
catflap and lay back down on the bed, somehow even 
hungrier than he had been before the soup. 

Supposing he was still alive in another four weeks, 
what would happen if he didnt turn up at Hogwarts? 
Would someone be sent to see why he hadnt come 
back? Would they be able to make the Dursleys let 
him go? 



  26 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The room was growing dark. Exhausted, stomach 
rumbling, mind spinning over the same unanswerable 
questions, Harry fell into an uneasy sleep. 

He dreamed that he was on show in a zoo, with a card 
reading UNDERAGE WIZARD attached to his cage. 
People goggled through the bars at him as he lay, 
starving and weak, on a bed of straw. He saw Dobbys 
face in the crowd and shouted out, asking for help, 
but Dobby called, Harry Potter is safe there, sir! and 
vanished. Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley 
rattled the bars of the cage, laughing at him. 

Stop it, Harry muttered as the rattling pounded in 
his sore head. Leave me alone ... cut it out ... Im 
trying to sleep. ... 

He opened his eyes. Moonlight was shining through 
the bars on the window. And someone was goggling 
through the bars at him: a frecklefaced, redhaired, 
longnosed someone. 

Ron Weasley was outside Harrys window. 



  27 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




3 




THE BURROW 

Ron\ breathed Harry, creeping to the window and 
pushing it up so they could talk through the bars. 
Ron, how did you  What the  ? 

Harrys mouth fell open as the full impact of what he 
was seeing hit him. Ron was leaning out of the back 
window of an old turquoise car, which was parked in 
midair. Grinning at Harry from the front seats were 
Fred and George, Rons elder twin brothers. 

All right, Harry? asked George. 

Whats been going on? said Ron. Why havent you 
been answering my letters? Ive asked you to stay 
about twelve times, and then Dad came home and 
said youd got an official warning for using magic in 
front of Muggles   

It wasnt me  and how did he know? 

He works for the Ministry, said Ron. You know 
were not supposed to do spells outside school   

  28 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



You should talk, said Harry, staring at the floating 
car. 

Oh, this doesnt count, said Ron. Were only 
borrowing this. Its Dads, we didnt enchant it. But 
doing magic in front of those Muggles you live with   

I told you, I didnt  but itll take too long to explain 
now  look, can you tell them at Hogwarts that the 
Dursleys have locked me up and wont let me come 
back, and obviously I cant magic myself out, because 
the Ministryll think thats the second spell Ive done 
in three days, so   

Stop gibbering, said Ron. Weve come to take you 
home with us. 

But you cant magic me out either   

We dont need to, said Ron, jerking his head toward 
the front seat and grinning. You forget who Ive got 
with me. 

Tie that around the bars, said Fred, throwing the 
end of a rope to Harry. 

If the Dursleys wake up, Im dead, said Harry as he 
tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up 
the car. 

Dont worry, said Fred, and stand back. 

Harry moved back into the shadows next to Hedwig, 
who seemed to have realized how important this was 
and kept still and silent. The car revved louder and 
louder and suddenly, with a crunching noise, the 
bars were pulled clean out of the window as Fred 
drove straight up in the air. Harry ran back to the 
window to see the bars dangling a few feet above the 
  29 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




ground. Panting, Ron hoisted them up into the car. 
Harry listened anxiously, but there was no sound 
from the Dursleys bedroom. 

When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron, 
Fred reversed as close as possible to Harrys window. 

Get in, Ron said. 

But all my Hogwarts stuff  my wand  my 
broomstick   

Where is it? 

Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I cant 
get out of this room   

No problem, said George from the front passenger 
seat. Out of the way, Harry. 

Fred and George climbed catlike through the window 
into Harrys room. You had to hand it to them, 
thought Harry, as George took an ordinary hairpin 
from his pocket and started to pick the lock. 

A lot of wizards think its a waste of time, knowing 
this sort of Muggle trick, said Fred, but we feel 
theyre skills worth learning, even if they are a bit 
slow. 

There was a small click and the door swung open. 

So  well get your trunk  you grab anything you 
need from your room and hand it out to Ron, 
whispered George. 

Watch out for the bottom stair  it creaks, Harry 
whispered back as the twins disappeared onto the 
dark landing. 

  30 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry dashed around his room, collecting his things 
and passing them out of the window to Ron. Then he 
went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the 
stairs. Harry heard Uncle Vernon cough. 

At last, panting, they reached the landing, then 
carried the trunk through Harrys room to the open 
window. Fred climbed back into the car to pull with 
Ron, and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom 
side. Inch by inch, the trunk slid through the window. 

Uncle Vernon coughed again. 

A bit more, panted Fred, who was pulling from 
inside the car. One good push   

Harry and George threw their shoulders against the 
trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat 
of the car. 

Okay, lets go, George whispered. 

But as Harry climbed onto the windowsill there came 
a sudden loud screech from behind him, followed 
immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernons voice. 

THAT RUDDY OWL! 

Ive forgotten Hedwig! 

Harry tore back across the room as the landing light 
clicked on  he snatched up Hedwigs cage, dashed 
to the window, and passed it out to Ron. He was 
scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when 
Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door  and 
it crashed open. 



  31 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




For a split second, Uncle Vernon stood framed in the 
doorway; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull 
and dived at Harry, grabbing him by the ankle. 

Ron, Fred, and George seized Harrys arms and pulled 
as hard as they could. 

Petunia! roared Uncle Vernon. Hes getting away! 
HES GETTING AWAY! 

But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harrys leg 
slid out of Uncle Vernons grasp  Harry was in the 
car  hed slammed the door shut  

Put your foot down, Fred! yelled Ron, and the car 
shot suddenly toward the moon. 

Harry couldnt believe it  he was free. He rolled 
down the window, the night air whipping his hair, 
and looked back at the shrinking rooftops of Privet 
Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were 
all hanging, dumbstruck, out of Harrys window. 

See you next summer! Harry yelled. 

The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled 
back in his seat, grinning from ear to ear. 

Let Hedwig out, he told Ron. She can fly behind us. 
She hasnt had a chance to stretch her wings for 
ages. 

George handed the hairpin to Ron and, a moment 
later, Hedwig soared joyfully out of the window to 
glide alongside them like a ghost. 

So  whats the story, Harry? said Ron impatiently. 
Whats been happening? 



  32 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning hed 
given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding. 
There was a long, shocked silence when he had 
finished. 

Very fishy, said Fred finally. 

Definitely dodgy, agreed George. So he wouldnt 
even tell you whos supposed to be plotting all this 
stuff? 

I dont think he could, said Harry. I told you, every 
time he got close to letting something slip, he started 
banging his head against the wall. 

He saw Fred and George look at each other. 

What, you think he was lying to me? said Harry. 

Well, said Fred, put it this way  houseelves have 
got powerful magic of their own, but they cant 
usually use it without their masters permission. I 
reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back 
to Hogwarts. Someones idea of a joke. Can you think 
of anyone at school with a grudge against you? 

Yes, said Harry and Ron together, instantly. 

Draco Malfoy, Harry explained. He hates me. 

Draco Malfoy? said George, turning around. Not 
Lucius Malfoys son? 

Must be, its not a very common name, is it? said 
Harry. Why? 

Ive heard Dad talking about him, said George. He 
was a big supporter of YouKnowWho. 



  33 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And when YouKnowWho disappeared, said Fred, 
craning around to look at Harry, Lucius Malfoy came 
back saying hed never meant any of it. Load of dung 
 Dad reckons he was right in YouKnow Whos 
inner circle. 

Harry had heard these rumors about Malfoys family 
before, and they didnt surprise him at all. Malfoy 
made Dudley Dursley look like a kind, thoughtful, 
and sensitive boy. 

I dont know whether the Malfoys own a houseelf. 

... said Harry. 

Well, whoever owns him will be an old wizarding 
family, and theyll be rich, said Fred. 

Yeah, Mums always wishing we had a houseelf to 
do the ironing, said George. But all weve got is a 
lousy old ghoul in the attic and gnomes all over the 
garden. Houseelves come with big old manors and 
castles and places like that; you wouldnt catch one in 
our house. ... 

Harry was silent. Judging by the fact that Draco 
Malfoy usually had the best of everything, his family 
was rolling in wizard gold; he could just see Malfoy 
strutting around a large manor house. Sending the 
family servant to stop Harry from going back to 
Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing 
Malfoy would do. Had Harry been stupid to take 
Dobby seriously? 

Im glad we came to get you, anyway, said Ron. I 
was getting really worried when you didnt answer 
any of my letters. I thought it was Errols fault at first 



Whos Errol? 

  34 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Our owl. Hes ancient. It wouldnt be the first time 
hed collapsed on a delivery. So then I tried to borrow 
Hermes   

Who? 

The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was 
made prefect, said Fred from the front. 

But Percy wouldnt lend him to me, said Ron. Said 
he needed him. 

Percys been acting very oddly this summer, said 
George, frowning. And he has been sending a lot of 
letters and spending a load of time shut up in his 
room. ... I mean, theres only so many times you can 
polish a prefect badge. ... Youre driving too far west, 
Fred, he added, pointing at a compass on the 
dashboard. Fred twiddled the steering wheel. 

So, does your dad know youve got the car? said 
Harry, guessing the answer. 

Er, no, said Ron, he had to work tonight. Hopefully 
well be able to get it back in the garage without Mum 
noticing we flew it. 

What does your dad do at the Ministry of Magic, 
anyway? 

He works in the most boring department, said Ron. 
The Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office. 

The what? 

Its all to do with bewitching things that are Muggle 
made, you know, in case they end up back in a 
Muggle shop or house. Like, last year, some old witch 
died and her tea set was sold to an antiques shop. 

  35 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




This Muggle woman bought it, took it home, and tried 
to serve her friends tea in it. It was a nightmare  
Dad was working overtime for weeks. 

What happened? 

The teapot went berserk and squirted boiling tea all 
over the place and one man ended up in the hospital 
with the sugar tongs clamped to his nose. Dad was 
going frantic  its only him and an old warlock 
called Perkins in the office  and they had to do 
Memory Charms and all sorts of stuff to cover it up  



But your dad  this car   

Fred laughed. Yeah, Dads crazy about everything to 
do with Muggles; our sheds full of Muggle stuff. He 
takes it apart, puts spells on it, and puts it back 
together again. If he raided our house hed have to put 
himself under arrest. It drives Mum mad. 

Thats the main road, said George, peering down 
through the windshield. Well be there in ten 
minutes. ... Just as well, its getting light. ... 

A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to 
the east. 

Fred brought the car lower, and Harry saw a dark 
patchwork of fields and clumps of trees. 

Were a little way outside the village, said George. 
Ottery St. Catchpole. 

Lower and lower went the flying car. The edge of a 
brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees. 



  36 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Touchdown! said Fred as, with a slight bump, they 
hit the ground. They had landed next to a 
tumbledown garage in a small yard, and Harry looked 
out for the first time at Rons house. 

It looked as though it had once been a large stone 
pigpen, but extra rooms had been added here and 
there until it was several stories high and so crooked 
it looked as though it were held up by magic (which, 
Harry reminded himself, it probably was). Four or five 
chimneys were perched on top of the red roof. A 
lopsided sign stuck in the ground near the entrance 
read, THE BURROW. Around the front door lay a 
jumble of rubber boots and a very rusty cauldron. 
Several fat brown chickens were pecking their way 
around the yard. 

Its not much, said Ron. 

Its wonderful, said Harry happily, thinking of Privet 
Drive. 

They got out of the car. 

Now, well go upstairs really quietly, said Fred, and 
wait for Mum to call us for breakfast. Then, Ron, you 
come bounding downstairs going, Mum, look who 
turned up in the night! and shell be all pleased to 
see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the 
car. 

Right, said Ron. Come on, Harry, I sleep at the  
at the top   

Ron had gone a nasty greenish color, his eyes fixed on 
the house. The other three wheeled around. 

Mrs. Weasley was marching across the yard, 
scattering chickens, and for a short, plump, kind 

P a g e  37 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




faced woman, it was remarkable how much she 
looked like a sabertoothed tiger. 

Ah, said Fred. 

Oh, dear, said George. 

Mrs. Weasley came to a halt in front of them, her 
hands on her hips, staring from one guilty face to the 
next. She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand 
sticking out of the pocket. 

So, she said. 

 Morning, Mum, said George, in what he clearly 
thought was a jaunty, winning voice. 

Have you any idea how worried Ive been? said Mrs. 
Weasley in a deadly whisper. 

Sorry, Mum, but see, we had to   

All three of Mrs. Weasleys sons were taller than she 
was, but they cowered as her rage broke over them. 

Beds empty\ No note\ Car gone  could have crashed 
 out of my mind with worry  did you care?  
never, as long as Ive lived  you wait until your father 
gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill or 
Charlie or Percy   

Perfect Percy, muttered Fred. 

YOU COULD DO WITH TAKING A LEAF OUT OF 
PERCYS BOOK! yelled Mrs. Weasley, prodding a 
finger in Freds chest. You could havedied, you could 
have been seen, you could have lost your father his 
job 



  38 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




It seemed to go on for hours. Mrs. Weasley had 
shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry, 
who backed away. 

Im very pleased to see you, Harry, dear, she said. 
Come in and have some breakfast. 

She turned and walked back into the house and 
Harry, after a nervous glance at Ron, who nodded 
encouragingly, followed her. 

The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There 
was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the 
middle, and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat, 
looking around. He had never been in a wizard house 
before. 

The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand 
and no numbers at all. Written around the edge were 
things like Time to make tea, Time to feed the 
chickens, and Youre late. Books were stacked three 
deep on the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm 
Your Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One 
Minute Feasts  Its Magid And unless Harrys ears 
were deceiving him, the old radio next to the sink had 
just announced that coming up was Witching Hour, 
with the popular singing sorceress, Celestina 
Warbeck. 

Mrs. Weasley was clattering around, cooking 
breakfast a little haphazardly, throwing dirty looks at 
her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan. 
Every now and then she muttered things like dont 
know what you were thinking of, and never would 
have believed it. 

I dont blame you, dear, she assured Harry, tipping 
eight or nine sausages onto his plate. Arthur and I 
have been worried about you, too. Just last night we 

  39 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




were saying wed come and get you ourselves if you 
hadnt written back to Ron by Friday. But really (she 
was now adding three fried eggs to his plate), flying 
an illegal car halfway across the country  anyone 
could have seen you   

She flicked her wand casually at the dishes in the 
sink, which began to clean themselves, clinking 
gently in the background. 

It was cloudy, Mum! said Fred. 

You keep your mouth closed while youre eating! 
Mrs. Weasley snapped. 

They were starving him, Mum! said George. 

And you! said Mrs. Weasley, but it was with a 
slightly softened expression that she started cutting 
Harry bread and buttering it for him. 

At that moment there was a diversion in the form of a 
small, redheaded figure in a long nightdress, who 
appeared in the kitchen, gave a small squeal, and ran 
out again. 

Ginny, said Ron in an undertone to Harry. My 
sister. Shes been talking about you all summer. 

Yeah, shell be wanting your autograph, Harry, Fred 
said with a grin, but he caught his mothers eye and 
bent his face over his plate without another word. 
Nothing more was said until all four plates were 
clean, which took a surprisingly short time. 

Blimey, Im tired, yawned Fred, setting down his 
knife and fork at last. I think Ill go to bed and   



  40 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




You will not, snapped Mrs. Weasley. Its your own 
fault youve been up all night. Youre going to de 
gnome the garden for me; theyre getting completely 
out of hand again   

Oh, Mum   

And you two, she said, glaring at Ron and Fred. 

You can go up to bed, dear, she added to Harry. 

You didnt ask them to fly that wretched car   

But Harry, who felt wide awake, said quickly, Ill help 
Ron. Ive never seen a degnoming   

Thats very sweet of you, dear, but its dull work, 
said Mrs. Weasley. Now, lets see what Lockharts got 
to say on the subject   

And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the 
mantelpiece. George groaned. 

Mum, we know how to degnome a garden   

Harry looked at the cover of Mrs. Weasleys book. 
Written across it in fancy gold letters were the words 
Gilderoy Lockharts Guide to Household Pests. There 
was a big photograph on the front of a very good 
looking wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue 
eyes. As always in the wizarding world, the 
photograph was moving; the wizard, who Harry 
supposed was Gilderoy Lockhart, kept winking 
cheekily up at them all. Mrs. Weasley beamed down 
at him. 

Oh, he is marvelous, she said. He knows his 
household pests, all right, its a wonderful book. ... 

Mum fancies him, said Fred, in a very audible 
whisper. 

  41 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Dont be so ridiculous, Fred, said Mrs. Weasley, her 
cheeks rather pink. All right, if you think you know 
better than Lockhart, you can go and get on with it, 
and woe betide you if theres a single gnome in that 
garden when I come out to inspect it. 

Yawning and grumbling, the Weasleys slouched 
outside with Harry behind them. The garden was 
large, and in Harrys eyes, exactly what a garden 
should be. The Dursleys wouldnt have liked it  
there were plenty of weeds, and the grass needed 
cutting  but there were gnarled trees all around the 
walls, plants Harry had never seen spilling from every 
flower bed, and a big green pond full of frogs. 

Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know, Harry 
told Ron as they crossed the lawn. 

Yeah, Ive seen those things they think are gnomes, 
said Ron, bent double with his head in a peony bush, 
like fat little Santa Clauses with fishing rods. ... 

There was a violent scuffling noise, the peony bush 
shuddered, and Ron straightened up.  This is a 
gnome, he said grimly. 

Gerroff me! Gerroff me! squealed the gnome. 

It was certainly nothing like Santa Claus. It was small 
and leathery looking, with a large, knobby, bald head 
exactly like a potato. Ron held it at arms length as it 
kicked out at him with its horny little feet; he grasped 
it around the ankles and turned it upside down. 

This is what you have to do, he said. He raised the 
gnome above his head (Gerroff me!) and started to 
swing it in great circles like a lasso. Seeing the 
shocked look on Harrys face, Ron added, It doesnt 



  42 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




hurt them  youve just got to make them really dizzy 
so they cant find their way back to the gnomeholes. 



He let go of the gnomes ankles: It flew twenty feet 
into the air and landed with a thud in the field over 
the hedge. 

Pitiful, said Fred. I bet I can get mine beyond that 
stump. 

Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the 
gnomes. He decided just to drop the first one he 
caught over the hedge, but the gnome, sensing 
weakness, sank its razorsharp teeth into Harrys 
finger and he had a hard job shaking it off  until  

Wow, Harry  that mustve been fifty feet. ... 

The air was soon thick with flying gnomes. 

See, theyre not too bright, said George, seizing five 
or six gnomes at once. The moment they know the 
degnomings going on they storm up to have a look. 
Youd think theyd have learned by now just to stay 
put. 

Soon, the crowd of gnomes in the field started walking 
away in a straggling line, their little shoulders 
hunched. 

Theyll be back, said Ron as they watched the 
gnomes disappear into the hedge on the other side of 
the field. They love it here. ... Dads too soft with 
them; he thinks theyre funny. ... 

Just then, the front door slammed. 

Hes back! said George. Dads home! 

  43 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They hurried through the garden and back into the 
house. 

Mr. Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his 
glasses off and his eyes closed. He was a thin man, 
going bald, but the little hair he had was as red as 
any of his childrens. He was wearing long green 
robes, which were dusty and travelworn. 

What a night, he mumbled, groping for the teapot as 
they all sat down around him. Nine raids. Nine! And 
old Mundungus Fletcher tried to put a hex on me 
when I had my back turned. ... 

Mr. Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed. 

Find anything, Dad? said Fred eagerly. 

All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting 
kettle, yawned Mr. Weasley. There was some pretty 
nasty stuff that wasnt my department, though. 
Mortlake was taken away for questioning about some 
extremely odd ferrets, but thats the Committee on 
Experimental Charms, thank goodness. ... 

Why would anyone bother making door keys 
shrink? said George. 

Just Mugglebaiting, sighed Mr. Weasley. Sell them 
a key that keeps shrinking to nothing so they can 
never find it when they need it. ... Of course, its very 
hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would 
admit their key keeps shrinking  theyll insist they 
just keep losing it. Bless them, theyll go to any 
lengths to ignore magic, even if its staring them in 
the face. ... But the things our lot have taken to 
enchanting, you wouldnt believe   

LIKE CARS, FOR INSTANCE? 

  44 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Mrs. Weasley had appeared, holding a long poker like 
a sword. Mr. Weasleys eyes jerked open. He stared 
guiltily at his wife. 

Ccars, Molly, dear? 

Yes, Arthur, cars, said Mrs. Weasley, her eyes 
flashing. Imagine a wizard buying a rusty old car and 
telling his wife all he wanted to do with it was take it 
apart to see how it worked, while really he was 
enchanting it to make it fly. 

Mr. Weasley blinked. 

Well, dear, I think youll find that he would be quite 
within the law to do that, even if  er  he maybe 
would have done better to, um, tell his wife the truth. 
... Theres a loophole in the law, youll find. ... As long 
as he wasnt intending to fly the car, the fact that the 
car could fly wouldnt   

Arthur Weasley, you made sure there was a loophole 
when you wrote that law! shouted Mrs. Weasley. 
Just so you could carry on tinkering with all that 
Muggle rubbish in your shed! And for your 
information, Harry arrived this morning in the car 
you werent intending to fly! 

Harry? said Mr. Weasley blankly. Harry who? 

He looked around, saw Harry, and jumped. 

Good lord, is it Harry Potter? Very pleased to meet 
you, Rons told us so much about   

 Your sons flew that car to Harrys house and back 
last nighti shouted Mrs. Weasley. What have you got 
to say about that, eh? 



  45 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Did you really? said Mr. Weasley eagerly. Did it go 
all right? I  I mean, he faltered as sparks flew from 
Mrs. Weasleys eyes, that  that was very wrong, 
boys  very wrong indeed. ... 

Lets leave them to it, Ron muttered to Harry as 
Mrs. Weasley swelled like a bullfrog. Come on, Ill 
show you my bedroom. 

They slipped out of the kitchen and down a narrow 
passageway to an uneven staircase, which wound its 
way, zigzagging up through the house. On the third 
landing, a door stood ajar. Harry just caught sight of 
a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him before it 
closed with a snap. 

Ginny, said Ron. You dont know how weird it is for 
her to be this shy. She never shuts up normally   

They climbed two more flights until they reached a 
door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it, 
saying RONALDS ROOM. 

Harry stepped in, his head almost touching the 
sloping ceiling, and blinked. It was like walking into a 
furnace: Nearly everything in Rons room seemed to 
be a violent shade of orange: the bedspread, the walls, 
even the ceiling. Then Harry realized that Ron had 
covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper 
with posters of the same seven witches and wizards, 
all wearing bright orange robes, carrying broomsticks, 
and waving energetically. 

Your Quidditch team? said Harry. 

The Chudley Cannons, said Ron, pointing at the 
orange bedspread, which was emblazoned with two 
giant black Cs and a speeding cannonball. Ninth in 
the league. 

  46 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Rons school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a 
corner, next to a pile of comics that all seemed to 
feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad 
Muggle. Rons magic wand was lying on top of a fish 
tank full of frog spawn on the windowsill, next to his 
fat gray rat, Scabbers, who was snoozing in a patch of 
sun. 

Harry stepped over a pack of Self Shuffling playing 
cards on the floor and looked out of the tiny window. 
In the field far below he could see a gang of gnomes 
sneaking one by one back through the Weasleys 
hedge. Then he turned to look at Ron, who was 
watching him almost nervously, as though waiting for 
his opinion. 

Its a bit small, said Ron quickly. Not like that room 
you had with the Muggles. And Im right underneath 
the ghoul in the attic; hes always banging on the 
pipes and groaning. ... 

But Harry, grinning widely, said, This is the best 
house Ive ever been in. 

Rons ears went pink. 



  47 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






AT FLOURISH AND BLOTTS 

Life at the Burrow was as different as possible from 
life on Privet Drive. The Dursleys liked everything 
neat and ordered; the Weasleys house burst with the 
strange and unexpected. Harry got a shock the first 
time he looked in the mirror over the kitchen 
mantelpiece and it shouted,  Tuck your shirt in, 
scruff yV The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped 
pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet, 
and small explosions from Fred and Georges 
bedroom were considered perfectly normal. What 
Harry found most unusual about life at Rons, 
however, wasnt the talking mirror or the clanking 
ghoul: It was the fact that everybody there seemed to 
like him. 

Mrs. Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and 
tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal. 
Mr. Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the 
dinner table so that he could bombard him with 
questions about life with Muggles, asking him to 
explain how things like plugs and the postal service 
worked. 

  48 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



 Fascinating ! he would say as Harry talked him 
through using a telephone. Ingenious, really, how 
many ways Muggles have found of getting along 
without magic. 

Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about 
a week after he had arrived at the Burrow. He and 
Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr. and Mrs. 
Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen 
table. The moment she saw Harry, Ginny accidentally 
knocked her porridge bowl to the floor with a loud 
clatter. Ginny seemed very prone to knocking things 
over whenever Harry entered a room. She dived under 
the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her 
face glowing like the setting sun. Pretending he hadnt 
noticed this, Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs. 
Weasley offered him. 

Letters from school, said Mr. Weasley, passing 
Harry and Ron identical envelopes of yellowish 
parchment, addressed in green ink. Dumbledore 
already knows youre here, Harry  doesnt miss a 
trick, that man. You twove got them, too, he added, 
as Fred and George ambled in, still in their pajamas. 

For a few minutes there was silence as they all read 
their letters. Harrys told him to catch the Hogwarts 
Express as usual from Kings Cross station on 
September first. There was also a list of the new 
books hed need for the coming year. 

SECONDYEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE: 

The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda 
Goshawk 

Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart 

Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart 

  49 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   





Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart 

Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart 

Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart 

Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart 

Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart 

Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at 
Harrys. 

Youve been told to get all Lockharts books, too! he 
said. The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher 
must be a fan  bet its a witch. 

At this point, Fred caught his mothers eye and 
quickly busied himself with the marmalade. 

That lot wont come cheap, said George, with a 
quick look at his parents. Lockharts books are really 
expensive. ... 

Well, well manage, said Mrs. Weasley, but she 
looked worried. I expect well be able to pick up a lot 
of Ginnys things secondhand. 

Oh, are you starting at Hogwarts this year? Harry 
asked Ginny. 

She nodded, blushing to the roots of her flaming hair, 
and put her elbow in the butter dish. Fortunately no 
one saw this except Harry, because just then Rons 
elder brother Percy walked in. He was already 
dressed, his Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to his 
sweater vest. 

Morning, all, said Percy briskly. Lovely day. 

  50 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




He sat down in the only remaining chair but leapt up 
again almost immediately, pulling from underneath 
him a molting, gray feather duster  at least, that 
was what Harry thought it was, until he saw that it 
was breathing. 

Errol! said Ron, taking the limp owl from Percy and 
extracting a letter from under its wing. Finally  hes 
got Hermiones answer. I wrote to her saying we were 
going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys. 

He carried Errol to a perch just inside the back door 
and tried to stand him on it, but Errol flopped 
straight off again so Ron laid him on the draining 
board instead, muttering, Pathetic. Then he ripped 
open Hermiones letter and read it out loud: 

 Dear Ron, and Harry if youre there, 

 I hope everything went all right and that Harry is 
okay and that you didnt do anything illegal to get him 
out, Ron, because that would get Harry into trouble, 
too. Ive been really worried and if Harry is all right, 
will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it 
would be better if you used a different owl, because I 
think another delivery might finish your one off 

 Im very busy with schoolwork, of course  How can 
she be? said Ron in horror. Were on vacation!  
and were going to London next Wednesday to buy my 
new books. Why dont we meet in Diagon Alley? 

 Let me know whats happening as soon as you can. 
Love from Hermione.  

Well, that fits in nicely, we can go and get all your 
things then, too, said Mrs. Weasley, starting to clear 
the table. What re you all up to today? 



  51 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were planning to go up 
the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned. It 
was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of 
the village below, meaning that they could practice 
Quidditch there, as long as they didnt fly too high. 
They couldnt use real Quidditch balls, which would 
have been hard to explain if they had escaped and 
flown away over the village; instead they threw apples 
for one another to catch. They took turns riding 
Harrys Nimbus Two Thousand, which was easily the 
best broom; Rons old Shooting Star was often 
outstripped by passing butterflies. 

Five minutes later they were marching up the hill, 
broomsticks over their shoulders. They had asked 
Percy if he wanted to join them, but he had said he 
was busy. Harry had only seen Percy at mealtimes so 
far; he stayed shut in his room the rest of the time. 

Wish I knew what he was up to, said Fred, frowning. 
Hes not himself. His exam results came the day 
before you did; twelve O.W.L.s and he hardly gloated 
at all. 

Ordinary Wizarding Levels, George explained, seeing 
Harrys puzzled look. Bill got twelve, too. If were not 
careful, well have another Head Boy in the family. I 
dont think I could stand the shame. 

Bill was the oldest Weasley brother. He and the next 
brother, Charlie, had already left Hogwarts. Harry 
had never met either of them, but knew that Charlie 
was in Romania studying dragons and Bill in Egypt 
working for the wizards bank, Gringotts. 

Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our 
school stuff this year, said George after a while. Five 
sets of Lockhart books! And Ginny needs robes and a 
wand and everything. ... 

  52 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry said nothing. He felt a bit awkward. Stored in 
an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a 
small fortune that his parents had left him. Of course, 
it was only in the wizarding world that he had money; 
you couldnt use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts in 
Muggle shops. He had never mentioned his Gringotts 
bank account to the Dursleys; he didnt think their 
horror of anything connected with magic would 
stretch to a large pile of gold. 

Mrs. Weasley woke them all early the following 
Wednesday. After a quick half a dozen bacon 
sandwiches each, they pulled on their coats and Mrs. 
Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece 
and peered inside. 

Were running low, Arthur, she sighed. Well have 
to buy some more today. ... Ah well, guests first! After 
you, Harry dear! 

And she offered him the flowerpot. 

Harry stared at them all watching him. 

Wwhat am I supposed to do? he stammered. 

Hes never traveled by Floo powder, said Ron 
suddenly. Sorry, Harry, I forgot. 

Never? said Mr. Weasley. But how did you get to 
Diagon Alley to buy your school things last year? 

I went on the Underground   

Really? said Mr. Weasley eagerly. Were there 
escapators? How exactly   



  53 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Not now, Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley. Floo powders 
a lot quicker, dear, but goodness me, if youve never 
used it before   



Hell be all right, Mum, said Fred. Harry, watch us 
first. 

He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the 
flowerpot, stepped up to the fire, and threw the 
powder into the flames. 

With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose 
higher than Fred, who stepped right into it, shouted, 
Diagon Alley! and vanished. 

You must speak clearly, dear, Mrs. Weasley told 
Harry as George dipped his hand into the flowerpot. 
And be sure to get out at the right grate. ... 

The right what? said Harry nervously as the fire 
roared and whipped George out of sight, too. 

Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fires to choose 
from, you know, but as long as youve spoken clearly 



Hell be fine, Molly, dont fuss, said Mr. Weasley, 
helping himself to Floo powder, too. 

But, dear, if he got lost, how would we ever explain 
to his aunt and uncle? 

They wouldnt mind, Harry reassured her. Dudley 
would think it was a brilliant joke if I got lost up a 
chimney, dont worry about that   

Well ... all right ... you go after Arthur, said Mrs. 
Weasley. Now, when you get into the fire, say where 
youre going   

  54 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And keep your elbows tucked in, Ron advised. 

And your eyes shut, said Mrs. Weasley. The soot  



Dont fidget, said Ron. Or you might well fall out of 
the wrong fireplace   

But dont panic and get out too early; wait until you 
see Fred and George. 

Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a 
pinch of Floo powder and walked to the edge of the 
fire. He took a deep breath, scattered the powder into 
the flames, and stepped forward; the fire felt like a 
warm breeze; he opened his mouth and immediately 
swallowed a lot of hot ash. 

DDiagon Alley, he coughed. 

It felt as though he were being sucked down a giant 
drain. He seemed to be spinning very fast  the 
roaring in his ears was deafening  he tried to keep 
his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him 
feel sick  something hard knocked his elbow and he 
tucked it in tightly, still spinning and spinning  now 
it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face  
squinting through his glasses he saw a blurred 
stream of fireplaces and snatched glimpses of the 
rooms beyond  his bacon sandwiches were 
churning inside him  he closed his eyes again 
wishing it would stop, and then  

He fell, face forward, onto cold stone and felt the 
bridge of his glasses snap. 

Dizzy and bruised, covered in soot, he got gingerly to 
his feet, holding his broken glasses up to his eyes. He 
was quite alone, but where he was, he had no idea. 

  55 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone 
fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizards 
shop  but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a 
Hogwarts school list. 

A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a 
cushion, a bloodstained pack of cards, and a staring 
glass eye. Evillooking masks stared down from the 
walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the 
counter, and rusty, spiked instruments hung from 
the ceiling. Even worse, the dark, narrow street Harry 
could see through the dusty shop window was 
definitely not Diagon Alley. 

The sooner he got out of here, the better. Nose still 
stinging where it had hit the hearth, Harry made his 
way swiftly and silently toward the door, but before 
hed got halfway toward it, two people appeared on 
the other side of the glass  and one of them was the 
very last person Harry wanted to meet when he was 
lost, covered in soot, and wearing broken glasses: 
Draco Malfoy. 

Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large 
black cabinet to his left; he shot inside it and pulled 
the doors closed, leaving a small crack to peer 
through. Seconds later, a bell clanged, and Malfoy 
stepped into the shop. 

The man who followed could only be Dracos father. 

He had the same pale, pointed face and identical cold, 
gray eyes. Mr. Malfoy crossed the shop, looking lazily 
at the items on display, and rang a bell on the 
counter before turning to his son and saying, Touch 
nothing, Draco. 

Malfoy, who had reached for the glass eye, said, I 
thought you were going to buy me a present. 



  56 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I said I would buy you a racing broom, said his 
father, drumming his fingers on the counter. 

Whats the good of that if Im not on the House 
team? said Malfoy, looking sulky and badtempered. 
Harry Potter got a Nimbus Two Thousand last year. 
Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play 
for Gryffindor. Hes not even that good, its just 
because hes famous ... famous for having a stupid 
scar on his forehead. ... 

Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls. 

"... everyone thinks hes so smart, wonderful Potter 
with his scar and his broomstick   

You have told me this at least a dozen times 
already, said Mr. Malfoy, with a quelling look at his 
son. And I would remind you that it is not  prudent 
 to appear less than fond of Harry Potter, not when 
most of our kind regard him as the hero who made 
the Dark Lord disappear  ah, Mr. Borgin. 

A stooping man had appeared behind the counter, 
smoothing his greasy hair back from his face. 

Mr. Malfoy, what a pleasure to see you again, said 
Mr. Borgin in a voice as oily as his hair. Delighted  
and young Master Malfoy, too  charmed. How may I 
be of assistance? I must show you, just in today, and 
very reasonably priced   

Im not buying today, Mr. Borgin, but selling, said 
Mr. Malfoy. 

Selling? The smile faded slightly from Mr. Borgin s 
face. 



  57 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




You have heard, of course, that the Ministry is 
conducting more raids, said Mr. Malfoy, taking a roll 
of parchment from his inside pocket and unraveling it 
for Mr. Borgin to read. I have a few  ah  items at 
home that might embarrass me, if the Ministry were 
to call. ... 

Mr. Borgin fixed a pair of pincenez to his nose and 
looked down the list. 

The Ministry wouldnt presume to trouble you, sir, 
surely? 

Mr. Malfoys lip curled. 

I have not been visited yet. The name Malfoy still 
commands a certain respect, yet the Ministry grows 
ever more meddlesome. There are rumors about a 
new Muggle Protection Act  no doubt that flea 
bitten, Muggleloving fool Arthur Weasley is behind it 



Harry felt a hot surge of anger. 

  and as you see, certain of these poisons might 
make it appear   

I understand, sir, of course, said Mr. Borgin. Let 
me see ... 

Can I have that? interrupted Draco, pointing at the 
withered hand on its cushion. 

Ah, the Hand of Glory! said Mr. Borgin, abandoning 
Mr. Malfoys list and scurrying over to Draco. Insert a 
candle and it gives light only to the holder! Best friend 
of thieves and plunderers! Your son has fine taste, 
sir. 



  58 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I hope my son will amount to more than a thief or a 
plunderer, Borgin, said Mr. Malfoy coldly, and Mr. 
Borgin said quickly, No offense, sir, no offense meant 



Though if his grades dont pick up, said Mr. Malfoy, 
more coldly still, that may indeed be all he is fit for 



Its not my fault, retorted Draco. The teachers all 
have favorites, that Hermione Granger   

I would have thought youd be ashamed that a girl of 
no wizard family beat you in every exam, snapped 
Mr. Malfoy. 

Ha! said Harry under his breath, pleased to see 
Draco looking both abashed and angry. 

Its the same all over, said Mr. Borgin, in his oily 
voice. Wizard blood is counting for less everywhere  



Not with me, said Mr. Malfoy, his long nostrils 
flaring. 

No, sir, nor with me, sir, said Mr. Borgin, with a 
deep bow. 

In that case, perhaps we can return to my list, said 
Mr. Malfoy shortly. I am in something of a hurry, 
Borgin, I have important business elsewhere today   

They started to haggle. Harry watched nervously as 
Draco drew nearer and nearer to his hiding place, 
examining the objects for sale. Draco paused to 
examine a long coil of hangmans rope and to read, 
smirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace 



  59 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




of opals, Caution: Do Not Touch. Cursed  Has 
Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date. 



Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front 
of him. He walked forward  he stretched out his 
hand for the handle  

Done, said Mr. Malfoy at the counter. Come, Draco 



Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco 
turned away. 

Good day to you, Mr. Borgin. Ill expect you at the 
manor tomorrow to pick up the goods. 

The moment the door had closed, Mr. Borgin dropped 
his oily manner. 

Good day yourself, Mister Malfoy, and if the stories 
are true, you havent sold me half of whats hidden in 
your manor. ... 

Muttering darkly, Mr. Borgin disappeared into a back 
room. Harry waited for a minute in case he came 
back, then, quietly as he could, slipped out of the 
cabinet, past the glass cases, and out of the shop 
door. 

Clutching his broken glasses to his face, Harry stared 
around. He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that 
seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the 
Dark Arts. The one hed just left, Borgin and Burkes, 
looked like the largest, but opposite was a nasty 
window display of shrunken heads and, two doors 
down, a large cage was alive with gigantic black 
spiders. Two shab bylooking wizards were watching 
him from the shadow of a doorway, muttering to each 
other. Feeling jumpy, Harry set off, trying to hold his 
  60 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




glasses on straight and hoping against hope hed be 
able to find a way out of here. 

An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling 
poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn 
Alley. This didnt help, as Harry had never heard of 
such a place. He supposed he hadnt spoken clearly 
enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the 
Weasleys fire. Trying to stay calm, he wondered what 
to do. 

Not lost are you, my dear? said a voice in his ear, 
making him jump. 

An aged witch stood in front of him, holding a tray of 
what looked horribly like whole human fingernails. 

She leered at him, showing mossy teeth. Harry 
backed away. 

Im fine, thanks, he said. Im just   

HARRY! What dyeh think yer doin down there? 

Harrys heart leapt. So did the witch; a load of 
fingernails cascaded down over her feet and she 
cursed as the massive form of Hagrid, the Hogwarts 
gamekeeper, came striding toward them, beetleblack 
eyes flashing over his great bristling beard. 

Hagrid! Harry croaked in relief. I was lost  Floo 
powder   

Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and 
pulled him away from the witch, knocking the tray 
right out of her hands. Her shrieks followed them all 
the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright 
sunlight. Harry saw a familiar, snowwhite marble 
building in the distance  Gringotts Bank. Hagrid 
had steered him right into Diagon Alley. 

  61 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Yer a mess! said Hagrid gruffly, brushing soot off 
Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a 
barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary. 

Skulkin around Knockturn Alley, I dunno  dodgy 
place, Harry  don want no one ter see yeh down 
there   

I realized that, said Harry, ducking as Hagrid made 
to brush him off again. I told you, I was lost  what 
were you doing down there, anyway? 

 I was lookin fer a FleshEatin Slug Repellent, 
growled Hagrid. Theyre ruinin the school cabbages. 
Yer not on yer own? 

Im staying with the Weasleys but we got separated, 
Harry explained. Ive got to go and find them. ... 

They set off together down the street. 

How come yeh never wrote back ter me? said Hagrid 
as Harry jogged alongside him (he had to take three 
steps to every stride of Hagrid s enormous boots). 
Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys. 

Lousy Muggles, growled Hagrid. If Idve known   

Harry! Harry! Over here! 

Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing 
at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts. She 
ran down to meet them, her bushy brown hair flying 
behind her. 

What happened to your glasses? Hello, Hagrid  Oh, 
its wonderful to see you two again  Are you coming 
into Gringotts, Harry? 

As soon as Ive found the Weasleys, said Harry. 

  62 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Yeh wont have long ter wait, Hagrid said with a 
grin. 

Harry and Hermione looked around: Sprinting up the 
crowded street were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and 
Mr. Weasley. 

Harry, Mr. Weasley panted. We hoped youd only 
gone one grate too far. ... He mopped his glistening 
bald patch. Mollys frantic  shes coming now   

Where did you come out? Ron asked. 

Knockturn Alley, said Hagrid grimly. 

Excellent. said Fred and George together. 

Weve never been allowed in, said Ron enviously. 

I should ruddy well think not, growled Hagrid. 

Mrs. Weasley now came galloping into view, her 
handbag swinging wildly in one hand, Ginny just 
clinging onto the other. 

Oh, Harry  oh, my dear  you could have been 
anywhere   

Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush 
out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid 
hadnt managed to beat away. Mr. Weasley took 
Harrys glasses, gave them a tap of his wand, and 
returned them, good as new. 

Well, gotta be off, said Hagrid, who was having his 
hand wrung by Mrs. Weasley (Knockturn Alley! If you 
hadnt found him, Hagrid!). See yer at Hogwarts! 
And he strode away, head and shoulders taller than 
anyone else in the packed street. 

  63 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes? Harry 
asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the 
Gringotts steps. Malfoy and his father. 

Did Lucius Malfoy buy anything? said Mr. Weasley 
sharply behind them. 

No, he was selling   

So hes worried, said Mr. Weasley with grim 
satisfaction. Oh, Id love to get Lucius Malfoy for 
something. ... 

You be careful, Arthur, said Mrs. Weasley sharply 
as they were bowed into the bank by a goblin at the 
door. That familys trouble. Dont go biting off more 
than you can chew   

So you dont think Im a match for Lucius Malfoy? 
said Mr. Weasley indignantly, but he was distracted 
almost at once by the sight of Hermiones parents, 
who were standing nervously at the counter that ran 
all along the great marble hall, waiting for Hermione 
to introduce them. 

But youre Mugglesl said Mr. Weasley delightedly. 
We must have a drink! Whats that youve got there? 
Oh, youre changing Muggle money. Molly, look! He 
pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr. 
Grangers hand. 

Meet you back here, Ron said to Hermione as the 
Weasleys and Harry were led off to their underground 
vaults by another Gringotts goblin. 

The vaults were reached by means of small, goblin 
driven carts that sped along minature train tracks 
through the banks underground tunnels. Harry 
enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys 

  64 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




vault, but felt dreadful, far worse than he had in 
Knock turn Alley, when it was opened. There was a 
very small pile of silver Sickles inside, and just one 
gold Galleon. Mrs. Weasley felt right into the corners 
before sweeping the whole lot into her bag. Harry felt 
even worse when they reached his vault. He tried to 
block the contents from view as he hastily shoved 
handfuls of coins into a leather bag. 

Back outside on the marble steps, they all separated. 
Percy muttered vaguely about needing a new quill. 
Fred and George had spotted their friend from 
Hogwarts, Lee Jordan. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were 
going to a secondhand robe shop. Mr. Weasley was 
insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky 
Cauldron for a drink. 

Well all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an hour to 
buy your schoolbooks, said Mrs. Weasley, setting off 
with Ginny. And not one step down Knockturn 
Alley! she shouted at the twins retreating backs. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione strolled off along the 
winding, cobbled street. The bag of gold, silver, and 
bronze jangling cheerfully in Harrys pocket was 
clamoring to be spent, so he bought three large 
strawberryandpeanutbutter ice creams, which they 
slurped happily as they wandered up the alley, 
examining the fascinating shop windows. Ron gazed 
longingly at a full set of Chudley Cannon robes in the 
windows of Quality Quidditch Supplies until 
Hermione dragged them off to buy ink and parchment 
next door. In Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke 
Shop, they met Fred, George, and Lee Jordan, who 
were stocking up on Dr. Filibusters Fabulous Wet 
Start, NoHeat Fireworks, and in a tiny junk shop full 
of broken wands, lopsided brass scales, and old 
cloaks covered in potion stains they found Percy, 



  65 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




deeply immersed in a small and deeply boring book 
called Prefects Who Gained Power. 

A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers, 
Ron read aloud off the back cover. That sounds 
fascinating. ... 

Go away, Percy snapped. 

 Course, hes very ambitious, Percy, hes got it all 
planned out. ... He wants to be Minister of Magic ... 
Ron told Harry and Hermione in an undertone as they 
left Percy to it. 

An hour later, they headed for Flourish and Blotts. 
They were by no means the only ones making their 
way to the bookshop. As they approached it, they saw 
to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the 
doors, trying to get in. The reason for this was 
proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the 
upper windows: 

GILDEROY LOCKHART 

will be signing copies of his autobiography 

MAGICAL ME 

today 12:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. 

We can actually meet him! Hermione squealed. I 
mean, hes written almost the whole booklist! 

The crowd seemed to be made up mostly of witches 
around Mrs. Weasleys age. A harassedlooking wizard 
stood at the door, saying, Calmly, please, ladies. ... 
Dont push, there ... mind the books, now. ... 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed inside. A long 
line wound right to the back of the shop, where 
Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books. They each 

  66 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 
2 and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the 
Weasleys were standing with Mr. and Mrs. Granger. 

Oh, there you are, good, said Mrs. Weasley. She 
sounded breathless and kept patting her hair. Well 
be able to see him in a minute. ... 

Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a 
table surrounded by large pictures of his own face, all 
winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the 
crowd. The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget 
menot blue that exactly matched his eyes; his 
pointed wizards hat was set at a jaunty angle on his 
wavy hair. 

A short, irritablelooking man was dancing around 
taking photographs with a large black camera that 
emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding 
flash. 

Out of the way, there, he snarled at Ron, moving 
back to get a better shot. This is for the Daily Prophet 



Big deal, said Ron, rubbing his foot where the 
photographer had stepped on it. 

Gilderoy Lockhart heard him. He looked up. He saw 
Ron  and then he saw Harry. He stared. Then he 
leapt to his feet and positively shouted, It cant be 
Harry Potter? 

The crowd parted, whispering excitedly; Lockhart 
dived forward, seized Harrys arm, and pulled him to 
the front. The crowd burst into applause. Harrys face 
burned as Lockhart shook his hand for the 
photographer, who was clicking away madly, wafting 
thick smoke over the Weasleys. 

  67 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Nice big smile, Harry, said Lockhart, through his 
own gleaming teeth. Together, you and I are worth 
the front . 

When he finally let go of Harrys hand, Harry could 
hardly feel his fingers. He tried to sidle back over to 
the Weasleys, but Lockhart threw an arm around his 
shoulders and clamped him tightly to his side. 

Ladies and gentlemen, he said loudly, waving for 
quiet. What an extraordinary moment this is! The 
perfect moment for me to make a little announcement 
Ive been sitting on for some time! 

When young Harry here stepped into Flourish and 
Blotts today, he only wanted to buy my autobiography 
 which I shall be happy to present him now, free of 
charge   The crowd applauded again. He had no 
idea, Lockhart continued, giving Harry a little shake 
that made his glasses slip to the end of his nose, that 
he would shortly be getting much, much more than 
my book, Magical Me. He and his schoolmates will, in 
fact, be getting the real magical me. Yes, ladies and 
gentlemen, I have great pleasure and pride in 
announcing that this September, I will be taking up 
the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at 
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry! 

The crowd cheered and clapped and Harry found 
himself being presented with the entire works of 
Gilderoy Lockhart. Staggering slightly under their 
weight, he managed to make his way out of the 
limelight to the edge of the room, where Ginny was 
standing next to her new cauldron. 

You have these, Harry mumbled to her, tipping the 
books into the cauldron. Ill buy my own   



  68 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Bet you loved that, didnt you, Potter? said a voice 
Harry had no trouble recognizing. He straightened up 
and found himself facetoface with Draco Malfoy, 
who was wearing his usual sneer. 

Famous Harry Potter, said Malfoy. Cant even go 
into a bookshop without making the front . 

Leave him alone, he didnt want all that! said Ginny. 
It was the first time she had spoken in front of Harry. 
She was glaring at Malfoy. 

Potter, youve got yourself a girlfriend). drawled 
Malfoy. Ginny went scarlet as Ron and Hermione 
fought their way over, both clutching stacks of 
Lockharts books. 

Oh, its you, said Ron, looking at Malfoy as if he 
were something unpleasant on the sole of his shoe. 
Bet youre surprised to see Harry here, eh? 

Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, 
Weasley, retorted Malfoy. I suppose your parents 
will go hungry for a month to pay for all those. 

Ron went as red as Ginny. He dropped his books into 
the cauldron, too, and started toward Malfoy, but 
Harry and Hermione grabbed the back of his jacket. 

Ron! said Mr. Weasley, struggling over with Fred 
and George. What are you doing? Its too crowded in 
here, lets go outside. 

Well, well, well  Arthur Weasley. 

It was Mr. Malfoy. He stood with his hand on Dracos 
shoulder, sneering in just the same way. 

Lucius, said Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly. 

  69 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Busy time at the Ministry, I hear, said Mr. Malfoy. 
All those raids ... I hope theyre paying you 
overtime? 

He reached into Ginnys cauldron and extracted, from 
amid the glossy Lockhart books, a very old, very 
battered copy of A Beginners Guide to Transfiguration. 

Obviously not, Mr. Malfoy said. Dear me, whats 
the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if 
they dont even pay you well for it? 

Mr. Weasley flushed darker than either Ron or Ginny. 

We have a very different idea of what disgraces the 
name of wizard, Malfoy, he said. 

Clearly, said Mr. Malfoy, his pale eyes straying to 
Mr. and Mrs. Granger, who were watching 
apprehensively. The company you keep, Weasley ... 
and I thought your family could sink no lower   

There was a thud of metal as Ginnys cauldron went 
flying; Mr. Weasley had thrown himself at Mr. Malfoy, 
knocking him backward into a bookshelf. Dozens of 
heavy spellbooks came thundering down on all their 
heads; there was a yell of, Get him, Dad! from Fred 
or George; Mrs. Weasley was shrieking, No, Arthur, 
no!; the crowd stampeded backward, knocking more 
shelves over; Gentlemen, please  please! cried the 
assistant, and then, louder than all  

Break it up, there, gents, break it up   

Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of 
books. In an instant he had pulled Mr. Weasley and 
Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr. 
Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of 
Toadstools. He was still holding Ginnys old 
  70 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes 
glittering with malice. 

Here, girl  take your book  its the best your 
father can give you   Pulling himself out of Hagrids 
grip he beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop. 

Yeh shouldve ignored him, Arthur, said Hagrid, 
almost lifting Mr. Weasley off his feet as he 
straightened his robes. Rotten ter the core, the whole 
family, everyone knows that  no Malfoys worth 
listenin ter  bad blood, thats what it is  come on 
now  lets get outta here. 

The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop 
them from leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrids 
waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried 
up the street, the Grangers shaking with fright and 
Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury. 

A fine example to set for your children . . . brawling in 
public ... what Gilderoy Lockhart mustve thought   

He was pleased, said Fred. Didnt you hear him as 
we were leaving? He was asking that bloke from the 
Daily Prophet if hed be able to work the fight into his 
report  said it was all publicity   

But it was a subdued group that headed back to the 
fireside in the Leaky Cauldron, where Harry, the 
Weasleys, and all their shopping would be traveling 
back to the Burrow using Floo powder. They said 
goodbye to the Grangers, who were leaving the pub 
for the Muggle street on the other side; Mr. Weasley 
started to ask them how bus stops worked, but 
stopped quickly at the look on Mrs. Weasleys face. 



  71 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry took off his glasses and put them safely in his 
pocket before helping himself to Floo powder. It 
definitely wasnt his favorite way to travel. 



  72 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




5 




THE WHOMPING WILLOW 

The end of the summer vacation came too quickly for 
Harrys liking. He was looking forward to getting back 
to Hogwarts, but his month at the Burrow had been 
the happiest of his life. It was difficult not to feel 
jealous of Ron when he thought of the Dursleys and 
the sort of welcome he could expect next time he 
turned up on Privet Drive. 

On their last evening, Mrs. Weasley conjured up a 
sumptuous dinner that included all of Harrys favorite 
things, ending with a mouthwatering treacle pudding. 
Fred and George rounded off the evening with a 
display of Filibuster fireworks; they filled the kitchen 
with red and blue stars that bounced from ceiling to 
wall for at least half an hour. Then it was time for a 
last mug of hot chocolate and bed. 

It took a long while to get started next morning. They 
were up at dawn, but somehow they still seemed to 
have a great deal to do. Mrs. Weasley dashed about in 
a bad mood looking for spare socks and quills; people 
kept colliding on the stairs, halfdressed with bits of 
  73 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



toast in their hands; and Mr. Weasley nearly broke 
his neck, tripping over a stray chicken as he crossed 
the yard carrying Ginnys trunk to the car. 

Harry couldnt see how eight people, six large trunks, 
two owls, and a rat were going to fit into one small 
Ford Anglia. He had reckoned, of course, without the 
special features that Mr. Weasley had added. 

Not a word to Molly, he whispered to Harry as he 
opened the trunk and showed him how it had been 
magically expanded so that the luggage fitted easily. 

When at last they were all in the car, Mrs. Weasley 
glanced into the back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, 
George, and Percy were all sitting comfortably side by 
side, and said, Muggles do know more than we give 
them credit for, dont they? She and Ginny got into 
the front seat, which had been stretched so that it 
resembled a park bench. I mean, youd never know it 
was this roomy from the outside, would you? 

Mr. Weasley started up the engine and they trundled 
out of the yard, Harry turning back for a last look at 
the house. He barely had time to wonder when hed 
see it again when they were back  George had 
forgotten his box of Filibuster fireworks. Five minutes 
after that, they skidded to a halt in the yard so that 
Fred could run in for his broomstick. They had 
almost reached the highway when Ginny shrieked 
that shed left her diary. By the time she had 
clambered back into the car, they were running very 
late, and tempers were running high. 

Mr. Weasley glanced at his watch and then at his 
wife. 

Molly, dear   



  74 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




No, Arthur   



No one would see  this little button here is an 
Invisibility Booster I installed  thatd get us up in 
the air  then we fly above the clouds. Wed be there 
in ten minutes and no one would be any the wiser   

I said no, Arthur, not in broad daylight   

They reached Kings Cross at a quarter to eleven. Mr. 
Weasley dashed across the road to get trolleys for 
their trunks and they all hurried into the station. 

Harry had caught the Hogwarts Express the previous 
year. The tricky part was getting onto platform nine 
and threequarters, which wasnt visible to the 
Muggle eye. What you had to do was walk through 
the solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. It 
didnt hurt, but it had to be done carefully so that 
none of the Muggles noticed you vanishing. 

Percy first, said Mrs. Weasley, looking nervously at 
the clock overhead, which showed they had only five 
minutes to disappear casually through the barrier. 

Percy strode briskly forward and vanished. Mr. 
Weasley went next; Fred and George followed. 

Ill take Ginny and you two come right after us, Mrs. 
Weasley told Harry and Ron, grabbing Ginnys hand 
and setting off. In the blink of an eye they were gone. 

Lets go together, weve only got a minute, Ron said 
to Harry. 

Harry made sure that Hedwigs cage was safely 
wedged on top of his trunk and wheeled his trolley 
around to face the barrier. He felt perfectly confident; 
this wasnt nearly as uncomfortable as using Floo 

  75 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




powder. Both of them bent low over the handles of 
their trolleys and walked purposefully toward the 
barrier, gathering speed. A few feet away from it, they 
broke into a run and  

CRASH. 

Both trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backward; 
Rons trunk fell off with a loud thump, Harry was 
knocked off his feet, and Hedwigs cage bounced onto 
the shiny floor, and she rolled away, shrieking 
indignantly; people all around them stared and a 
guard nearby yelled, What in blazes dyou think 
youre doing? 

Lost control of the trolley, Harry gasped, clutching 
his ribs as he got up. Ron ran to pick up Hedwig, who 
was causing such a scene that there was a lot of 
muttering about cruelty to animals from the 
surrounding crowd. 

Why cant we get through? Harry hissed to Ron. 

I dunno   

Ron looked wildly around. A dozen curious people 
were still watching them. 

Were going to miss the train, Ron whispered. I 
dont understand why the gateways sealed itself   

Harry looked up at the giant clock with a sickening 
feeling in the pit of his stomach. Ten seconds ... nine 
seconds ... 

He wheeled his trolley forward cautiously until it was 
right against the barrier and pushed with all his 
might. The metal remained solid. 



  76 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Three seconds ... two seconds ... one second ... 

Its gone, said Ron, sounding stunned. The trains 
left. What if Mum and Dad cant get back through to 
us? Have you got any Muggle money? 

Harry gave a hollow laugh. The Dursleys havent 
given me pocket money for about six years. 

Ron pressed his ear to the cold barrier. 

Cant hear a thing, he said tensely. Whatre we 
going to do? I dont know how long itll take Mum and 
Dad to get back to us. 

They looked around. People were still watching them, 
mainly because of Hedwigs continuing screeches. 

I think wed better go and wait by the car, said 
Harry. Were attracting too much atten   

Harry! said Ron, his eyes gleaming. The car! 

What about it? 

We can fly the car to Hogwarts! 

But I thought   

Were stuck, right? And weve got to get to school, 
havent we? And even underage wizards are allowed to 
use magic if its a real emergency, section nineteen or 
something of the Restriction of Thingy   

But your mum and dad ... said Harry, pushing 
against the barrier again in the vain hope that it 
would give way. How will they get home? 



  77 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They dont need the car! said Ron impatiently. They 
know how to Apparate! You know, just vanish and 
reappear at home! They only bother with Floo powder 
and the car because were all underage and were not 
allowed to Apparate yet. ... 

Harrys feeling of panic turned suddenly to 
excitement. 

Can you fly it? 

No problem, said Ron, wheeling his trolley around to 
face the exit. Cmon, lets go. If we hurry well be able 
to follow the Hogwarts Express   

And they marched off through the crowd of curious 
Muggles, out of the station and back onto the side 
road where the old Ford Anglia was parked. 

Ron unlocked the cavernous trunk with a series of 
taps from his wand. They heaved their luggage back 
in, put Hedwig on the back seat, and got into the 
front. 

Check that no ones watching, said Ron, starting the 
ignition with another tap of his wand. Harry stuck his 
head out of the window: Traffic was rumbling along 
the main road ahead, but their street was empty. 

Okay, he said. 

Ron pressed a tiny silver button on the dashboard. 
The car around them vanished  and so did they. 
Harry could feel the seat vibrating beneath him, hear 
the engine, feel his hands on his knees and his 
glasses on his nose, but for all he could see, he had 
become a pair of eyeballs, floating a few feet above the 
ground in a dingy street full of parked cars. 



  78 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Lets go, said Rons voice from his right. 



And the ground and the dirty buildings on either side 
fell away, dropping out of sight as the car rose; in 
seconds, the whole of London lay, smoky and 
glittering, below them. 

Then there was a popping noise and the car, Harry, 
and Ron reappeared. 

Uhoh, said Ron, jabbing at the Invisibility Booster. 
Its faulty   

Both of them pummeled it. The car vanished. Then it 
flickered back again. 

Hold on! Ron yelled, and he slammed his foot on the 
accelerator; they shot straight into the low, woolly 
clouds and everything turned dull and foggy. 

Now what? said Harry, blinking at the solid mass of 
cloud pressing in on them from all sides. 

We need to see the train to know what direction to go 
in, said Ron. 

Dip back down again  quickly   

They dropped back beneath the clouds and twisted 
around in their seats, squinting at the ground. 

I can see it! Harry yelled. Right ahead  there! 

The Hogwarts Express was streaking along below 
them like a scarlet snake. 

Due north, said Ron, checking the compass on the 
dashboard. Okay, well just have to check on it every 
half hour or so  hold on   

  79 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And they shot up through the clouds. A minute later, 
they burst out into a blaze of sunlight. 

It was a different world. The wheels of the car 
skimmed the sea of fluffy cloud, the sky a bright, 
endless blue under the blinding white sun. 

All weve got to worry about now are airplanes, said 
Ron. 

They looked at each other and started to laugh; for a 
long time, they couldnt stop. 

It was as though they had been plunged into a 
fabulous dream. This, thought Harry, was surely the 
only way to travel  past swirls and turrets of snowy 
cloud, in a car full of hot, bright sunlight, with a fat 
pack of toffees in the glove compartment, and the 
prospect of seeing Freds and Georges jealous faces 
when they landed smoothly and spectacularly on the 
sweeping lawn in front of Hogwarts castle. 

They made regular checks on the train as they flew 
farther and farther north, each dip beneath the 
clouds showing them a different view. London was 
soon far behind them, replaced by neat green fields 
that gave way in turn to wide, purplish moors, a great 
city alive with cars like multicolored ants, villages 
with tiny toy churches. 

Several uneventful hours later, however, Harry had to 
admit that some of the fun was wearing off. The 
toffees had made them extremely thirsty and they had 
nothing to drink. He and Ron had pulled off their 
sweaters, but Harrys Tshirt was sticking to the back 
of his seat and his glasses kept sliding down to the 
end of his sweaty nose. He had stopped noticing the 
fantastic cloud shapes now and was thinking 
longingly of the train miles below, where you could 
  80 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




buy icecold pumpkin juice from a trolley pushed by a 
plump witch. Why hadnt they been able to get onto 
platform nine and threequarters? 

Cant be much further, can it? croaked Ron, hours 
later still, as the sun started to sink into their floor of 
cloud, staining it a deep pink. Ready for another 
check on the train? 

It was still right below them, winding its way past a 
snowcapped mountain. It was much darker beneath 
the canopy of clouds. 

Ron put his foot on the accelerator and drove them 
upward again, but as he did so, the engine began to 
whine. 

Harry and Ron exchanged nervous glances. 

Its probably just tired, said Ron. Its never been 
this far before. ... 

And they both pretended not to notice the whining 
growing louder and louder as the sky became steadily 
darker. Stars were blossoming in the blackness. 

Harry pulled his sweater back on, trying to ignore the 
way the windshield wipers were now waving feebly, as 
though in protest. 

Not far, said Ron, more to the car than to Harry, 

not far now, and he patted the dashboard 
nervously. 

When they flew back beneath the clouds a little while 
later, they had to squint through the darkness for a 
landmark they knew. 

There! Harry shouted, making Ron and Hedwig 
jump. Straight ahead! 

  81 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Silhouetted on the dark horizon, high on the cliff over 
the lake, stood the many turrets and towers of 
Hogwarts castle. 

But the car had begun to shudder and was losing 
speed. 

Come on, Ron said cajolingly, giving the steering 
wheel a little shake, nearly there, come on   

The engine groaned. Narrow jets of steam were 
issuing from under the hood. Harry found himself 
gripping the edges of his seat very hard as they flew 
toward the lake. 

The car gave a nasty wobble. Glancing out of his 
window, Harry saw the smooth, black, glassy surface 
of the water, a mile below. Rons knuckles were white 
on the steering wheel. The car wobbled again. 

Come on, Ron muttered. 

They were over the lake  the castle was right ahead 
 Ron put his foot down. 

There was a loud clunk, a splutter, and the engine 
died completely. 

Uhoh, said Ron, into the silence. 

The nose of the car dropped. They were falling, 
gathering speed, heading straight for the solid castle 
wall. 

IVoooooo! Ron yelled, swinging the steering wheel 
around; they missed the dark stone wall by inches as 
the car turned in a great arc, soaring over the dark 
greenhouses, then the vegetable patch, and then out 
over the black lawns, losing altitude all the time. 

  82 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pulled 
his wand out of his back pocket  



STOP! STOP! he yelled, whacking the dashboard 
and the windshield, but they were still plummeting, 
the ground flying up toward them  

WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE! Harry bellowed, 
lunging for the steering wheel, but too late  

CRUNCH. 

With an earsplitting bang of metal on wood, they hit 
the thick tree trunk and dropped to the ground with a 
heavy jolt. Steam was billowing from under the 
crumpled hood; Hedwig was shrieking in terror; a 
golfballsized lump was throbbing on Harrys head 
where he had hit the windshield; and to his right, Ron 
let out a low, despairing groan. 

Are you okay? Harry said urgently. 

My wand, said Ron, in a shaky voice. Look at my 
wand   

It had snapped, almost in two; the tip was dangling 
limply, held on by a few splinters. 

Harry opened his mouth to say he was sure theyd be 
able to mend it up at the school, but he never even 
got started. At that very moment, something hit his 
side of the car with the force of a charging bull, 
sending him lurching sideways into Ron, just as an 
equally heavy blow hit the roof. 

Whats happen  ? 

Ron gasped, staring through the windshield, and 
Harry looked around just in time to see a branch as 

  83 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




thick as a python smash into it. The tree they had hit 
was attacking them. Its trunk was bent almost 
double, and its gnarled boughs were pummeling every 
inch of the car it could reach. 

Aaargh! said Ron as another twisted limb punched a 
large dent into his door; the windshield was now 
trembling under a hail of blows from knucklelike 
twigs and a branch as thick as a battering ram was 
pounding furiously on the roof, which seemed to be 
caving  

Run for it! Ron shouted, throwing his full weight 
against his door, but next second he had been 
knocked backward into Harrys lap by a vicious 
uppercut from another branch. 

Were done for! he moaned as the ceiling sagged, but 
suddenly the floor of the car was vibrating  the 
engine had restarted. 

Reverse! Harry yelled, and the car shot backward; 
the tree was still trying to hit them; they could hear 
its roots creaking as it almost ripped itself up, lashing 
out at them as they sped out of reach. 

That, panted Ron, was close. Well done, car   

The car, however, had reached the end of its tether. 
With two sharp clunks, the doors flew open and Harry 
felt his seat tip sideways: Next thing he knew he was 
sprawled on the damp ground. Loud thuds told him 
that the car was ejecting their luggage from the trunk; 
Hedwigs cage flew through the air and burst open; 
she rose out of it with an angry screech and sped off 
toward the castle without a backward look. Then, 
dented, scratched, and steaming, the car rumbled off 
into the darkness, its rear lights blazing angrily. 



  84 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Come back! Ron yelled after it, brandishing his 
broken wand. Dadll kill me! 

But the car disappeared from view with one last snort 
from its exhaust. 

Can you believe our luck? said Ron miserably, 
bending down to pick up Scabbers. Of all the trees 
we couldve hit, we had to get one that hits back. 

He glanced over his shoulder at the ancient tree, 
which was still flailing its branches threateningly. 

Come on, said Harry wearily, wed better get up to 
the school. ... 

It wasnt at all the triumphant arrival they had 
pictured. Stiff, cold, and bruised, they seized the ends 
of their trunks and began dragging them up the 
grassy slope, toward the great oak front doors. 

I think the feasts already started, said Ron, 
dropping his trunk at the foot of the front steps and 
crossing quietly to look through a brightly lit window. 
Hey  Harry  come and look  its the Sorting! 

Harry hurried over and, together, he and Ron peered 
in at the Great Hall. 

Innumerable candles were hovering in midair over 
four long, crowded tables, making the golden plates 
and goblets sparkle. Overhead, the bewitched ceiling, 
which always mirrored the sky outside, sparkled with 
stars. 

Through the forest of pointed black Hogwarts hats, 
Harry saw a long line of scaredlooking first years 
filing into the Hall. Ginny was among them, easily 
visible because of her vivid Weasley hair. Meanwhile, 

  85 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Professor McGonagall, a bespectacled witch with her 
hair in a tight bun, was placing the famous Hogwarts 
Sorting Hat on a stool before the newcomers. 

Every year, this aged old hat, patched, frayed, and 
dirty, sorted new students into the four Hogwarts 
houses (Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and 
Slytherin). Harry well remembered putting it on, 
exactly one year ago, and waiting, petrified, for its 
decision as it muttered aloud in his ear. For a few 
horrible seconds he had feared that the hat was going 
to put him in Slytherin, the House that had turned 
out more Dark witches and wizards than any other  
but he had ended up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, 
Hermione, and the rest of the Weasleys. Last term, 
Harry and Ron had helped Gryffindor win the House 
Championship, beating Slytherin for the first time in 
seven years. 

A very small, mousyhaired boy had been called 
forward to place the hat on his head. Harrys eyes 
wandered past him to where Professor Dumbledore, 
the headmaster, sat watching the Sorting from the 
staff table, his long silver beard and halfmoon 
glasses shining brightly in the candlelight. Several 
seats along, Harry saw Gilderoy Lockhart, dressed in 
robes of aquamarine. And there at the end was 
Hagrid, huge and hairy, drinking deeply from his 
goblet. 

Hang on ... Harry muttered to Ron. Theres an 
empty chair at the staff table. ... Wheres Snape? 

Professor Severus Snape was Harrys least favorite 
teacher. Harry also happened to be Snape s least 
favorite student. Cruel, sarcastic, and disliked by 
everybody except the students from his own House 
(Slytherin), Snape taught Potions. 



  86 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Maybe hes ill! said Ron hopefully. 

Maybe hes left, said Harry, because he missed out 
on the Defense Against the Dark Arts job again). 

Or he might have been sacked). said Ron 
enthusiastically. I mean, everyone hates him   

Or maybe, said a very cold voice right behind them, 
hes waiting to hear why you two didnt arrive on the 
school train. 

Harry spun around. There, his black robes rippling in 
a cold breeze, stood Severus Snape. He was a thin 
man with sallow skin, a hooked nose, and greasy, 
shoulderlength black hair, and at this moment, he 
was smiling in a way that told Harry he and Ron were 
in very deep trouble. 

Follow me, said Snape. 

Not daring even to look at each other, Harry and Ron 
followed Snape up the steps into the vast, echoing 
entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches. A 
delicious smell of food was wafting from the Great 
Hall, but Snape led them away from the warmth and 
light, down a narrow stone staircase that led into the 
dungeons. 

In! he said, opening a door halfway down the cold 
passageway and pointing. 

They entered Snapes office, shivering. The shadowy 
walls were lined with shelves of large glass jars, in 
which floated all manner of revolting things Harry 
didnt really want to know the name of at the 
moment. The fireplace was dark and empty. Snape 
closed the door and turned to look at them. 



  87 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




So, he said softly, the train isnt good enough for 
the famous Harry Potter and his faithful sidekick, 
Weasley. Wanted to arrive with a bang, did we, boys? 

No, sir, it was the barrier at Kings Cross, it   

Silence! said Snape coldly. What have you done 
with the car? 

Ron gulped. This wasnt the first time Snape had 
given Harry the impression of being able to read 
minds. But a moment later, he understood, as Snape 
unrolled todays issue of the Evening Prophet 

You were seen, he hissed, showing them the 
headline: FLYING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES 
MUGGLES. He began to read aloud: Two Muggles in 
London, convinced they saw an old car flying over the 
Post Office tower ... at noon in Norfolk, Mrs. Hetty 
Bayliss, while hanging out her washing ... Mr. Angus 
Fleet, of Peebles, reported to police ... Six or seven 
Muggles in all. I believe your father works in the 
Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office? he said, looking 
up at Ron and smiling still more nastily. Dear, dear 
... his own son ... 

Harry felt as though hed just been walloped in the 
stomach by one of the mad trees larger branches. If 
anyone found out Mr. Weasley had bewitched the car 
...he hadnt thought of that. ... 

I noticed, in my search of the park, that considerable 
damage seems to have been done to a very valuable 
Whomping Willow, Snape went on. 

That tree did more damage to us than we   Ron 
blurted out. 



  88 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Silence! snapped Snape again. Most unfortunately, 
you are not in my House and the decision to expel 
you does not rest with me. I shall go and fetch the 
people who do have that happy power. You will wait 
here. 

Harry and Ron stared at each other, whitefaced. 
Harry didnt feel hungry anymore. He now felt 
extremely sick. He tried not to look at a large, slimy 
something suspended in green liquid on a shelf 
behind Snape s desk. If Snape had gone to fetch 
Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House, they 
were hardly any better off. She might be fairer than 
Snape, but she was still extremely strict. 

Ten minutes later, Snape returned, and sure enough 
it was Professor McGonagall who accompanied him. 
Harry had seen Professor McGonagall angry on 
several occasions, but either he had forgotten just 
how thin her mouth could go, or he had never seen 
her this angry before. She raised her wand the 
moment she entered; Harry and Ron both flinched, 
but she merely pointed it at the empty fireplace, 
where flames suddenly erupted. 

Sit, she said, and they both backed into chairs by 
the fire. 

Explain, she said, her glasses glinting ominously. 

Ron launched into the story, starting with the barrier 
at the station refusing to let them through. 

  so we had no choice, Professor, we couldnt get on 
the train. 

Why didnt you send us a letter by owl? I believe you 
have an owl? Professor McGonagall said coldly to 
Harry. 

  89 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry gaped at her. Now shed said it, that seemed 
the obvious thing to have done. 



I  I didnt think   

That, said Professor McGonagall, is obvious. 

There was a knock on the office door and Snape, now 
looking happier than ever, opened it. There stood the 
headmaster, Professor Dumbledore. 

Harrys whole body went numb. Dumbledore was 
looking unusually grave. He stared down his very 
crooked nose at them, and Harry suddenly found 
himself wishing he and Ron were still being beaten up 
by the Whomping Willow. 

There was a long silence. Then Dumbledore said, 
Please explain why you did this. 

It would have been better if he had shouted. Harry 
hated the disappointment in his voice. For some 
reason, he was unable to look Dumbledore in the 
eyes, and spoke instead to his knees. He told 
Dumbledore everything except that Mr. Weasley 
owned the bewitched car, making it sound as though 
he and Ron had happened to find a flying car parked 
outside the station. He knew Dumbledore would see 
through this at once, but Dumbledore asked no 
questions about the car. When Harry had finished, he 
merely continued to peer at them through his 
spectacles. 

Well go and get our stuff, said Ron in a hopeless 
sort of voice. 

What are you talking about, Weasley? barked 
Professor McGonagall. 

  90 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Well, youre expelling us, arent you? said Ron. 

Harry looked quickly at Dumbledore. 

Not today, Mr. Weasley, said Dumbledore. But I 
must impress upon both of you the seriousness of 
what you have done. I will be writing to both your 
families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do 
anything like this again, I will have no choice but to 
expel you. 

Snape looked as though Christmas had been 
canceled. He cleared his throat and said, Professor 
Dumbledore, these boys have flouted the Decree for 
the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, caused serious 
damage to an old and valuable tree  surely acts of 
this nature   

It will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these 
boys punishments, Severus, said Dumbledore 
calmly. They are in her House and are therefore her 
responsibility. He turned to Professor McGonagall. I 
must go back to the feast, Minerva, Ive got to give out 
a few notices. Come, Severus, theres a delicious 
looking custard tart I want to sample   

Snape shot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron as 
he allowed himself to be swept out of his office, 
leaving them alone with Professor McGonagall, who 
was still eyeing them like a wrathful eagle. 

Youd better get along to the hospital wing, Weasley, 
youre bleeding. 

Not much, said Ron, hastily wiping the cut over his 
eye with his sleeve. Professor, I wanted to watch my 
sister being Sorted   



  91 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The Sorting Ceremony is over, said Professor 
McGonagall. Your sister is also in Gryffindor. 

Oh, good, said Ron. 

And speaking of Gryffindor   Professor McGonagall 
said sharply, but Harry cut in: Professor, when we 
took the car, term hadnt started, so  so Gryffindor 
shouldnt really have points taken from it  should 
it? he finished, watching her anxiously. 

Professor McGonagall gave him a piercing look, but 
he was sure she had almost smiled. Her mouth 
looked less thin, anyway. 

I will not take any points from Gryffindor, she said, 
and Harrys heart lightened considerably. But you 
will both get a detention. 

It was better than Harry had expected. As for 
Dumbledores writing to the Dursleys, that was 
nothing. Harry knew perfectly well theyd just be 
disappointed that the Whomping Willow hadnt 
squashed him flat. 

Professor McGonagall raised her wand again and 
pointed it at Snapes desk. A large plate of 
sandwiches, two silver goblets, and a jug of iced 
pumpkin juice appeared with a pop. 

You will eat in here and then go straight up to your 
dormitory, she said. I must also return to the feast. 

When the door had closed behind her, Ron let out a 
long, low whistle. 

I thought wed had it, he said, grabbing a sandwich. 

So did I, said Harry, taking one, too. 

  92 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Can you believe our luck, though? said Ron thickly 
through a mouthful of chicken and ham. Fred and 
George mustve flown that car five or six times and no 
Muggle ever saw them. He swallowed and took 
another huge bite. Why couldnt we get through the 
barrier? 

Harry shrugged. Well have to watch our step from 
now on, though, he said, taking a grateful swig of 
pumpkin juice. Wish we couldve gone up to the 
feast. ... 

She didnt want us showing off, said Ron sagely. 
Doesnt want people to think its clever, arriving by 
flying car. 

When they had eaten as many sandwiches as they 
could (the plate kept refilling itself), they rose and left 
the office, treading the familiar path to Gryffindor 
Tower. The castle was quiet; it seemed that the feast 
was over. They walked past muttering portraits and 
creaking suits of armor, and climbed narrow flights of 
stone stairs, until at last they reached the passage 
where the secret entrance to Gryffindor Tower was 
hidden, behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in 
a pink silk dress. 

Password? she said as they approached. 

Er   said Harry. 

They didnt know the new years password, not having 
met a Gryffindor prefect yet, but help came almost 
immediately; they heard hurrying feet behind them 
and turned to see Hermione dashing toward them. 

There you are! Where have you been? The most 
ridiculous rumors  someone said youd been 
expelled for crashing a flying car   

  93 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Well, we havent been expelled, Harry assured her. 



Youre not telling me you did fly here? said 
Hermione, sounding almost as severe as Professor 
McGonagall. 

Skip the lecture, said Ron impatiently, and tell us 
the new password. 

Its wattlebird,  said Hermione impatiently, but 
thats not the point   

Her words were cut short, however, as the portrait of 
the fat lady swung open and there was a sudden 
storm of clapping. It looked as though the whole of 
Gryffindor House was still awake, packed into the 
circular common room, standing on the lopsided 
tables and squashy armchairs, waiting for them to 
arrive. Arms reached through the portrait hole to pull 
Harry and Ron inside, leaving Hermione to scramble 
in after them. 

Brilliant! yelled Lee Jordan. Inspired! What an 
entrance! Flying a car right into the Whomping 
Willow, peoplell be talking about that one for years  



Good for you, said a fifth year Harry had never 
spoken to; someone was patting him on the back as 
though hed just won a marathon; Fred and George 
pushed their way to the front of the crowd and said 
together, Why couldnt weve come in the car, eh? 
Ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, 
but Harry could see one person who didnt look happy 
at all. Percy was visible over the heads of some 
excited first years, and he seemed to be trying to get 
near enough to start telling them off. Harry nudged 
Ron in the ribs and nodded in Percys direction. Ron 
got the point at once. 

  94 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Got to get upstairs  bit tired, he said, and the two 
of them started pushing their way toward the door on 
the other side of the room, which led to a spiral 
staircase and the dormitories. 

 Night, Harry called back to Hermione, who was 
wearing a scowl just like Percys. 

They managed to get to the other side of the common 
room, still having their backs slapped, and gained the 
peace of the staircase. They hurried up it, right to the 
top, and at last reached the door of their old 
dormitory, which now had a sign on it saying 
SECOND YEARS. They entered the familiar, circular 
room, with its five fourposters hung with red velvet 
and its high, narrow windows. Their trunks had been 
brought up for them and stood at the ends of their 
beds. 

Ron grinned guiltily at Harry. 

I know I shouldnt ve enjoyed that or anything, but  



The dormitory door flew open and in came the other 
second year Gryffindor boys, Seamus Finnigan, Dean 
Thomas, and Neville Longbottom. 

Unbelievablel beamed Seamus. 

Cool, said Dean. 

Amazing, said Neville, awestruck. 

Harry couldnt help it. He grinned, too. 



  95 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




6 




GILDEROY LOCKHART 

The next day, however, Harry barely grinned once. 
Things started to go downhill from breakfast in the 
Great Hall. The four long House tables were laden 
with tureens of porridge, plates of kippers, mountains 
of toast, and dishes of eggs and bacon, beneath the 
enchanted ceiling (today, a dull, cloudy gray). Harry 
and Ron sat down at the Gryffindor table next to 
Hermione, who had her copy of Voyages with 
Vampires propped open against a milk jug. There was 
a slight stiffness in the way she said  Morning, 
which told Harry that she was still disapproving of the 
way they had arrived. Neville Longbottom, on the 
other hand, greeted them cheerfully. Neville was a 
roundfaced and accidentprone boy with the worst 
memory of anyone Harry had ever met. 

Mails due any minute  I think Grans sending a 
few things I forgot. 

Harry had only just started his porridge when, sure 
enough, there was a rushing sound overhead and a 
hundred or so owls streamed in, circling the hall and 

  96 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



dropping letters and packages into the chattering 
crowd. A big, lumpy package bounced off Nevilles 
head and, a second later, something large and gray 
fell into Hermiones jug, spraying them all with milk 
and feathers. 

Errol\ said Ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by 
the feet. Errol slumped, unconscious, onto the table, 
his legs in the air and a damp red envelope in his 
beak. 

Oh, no   Ron gasped. 

Its all right, hes still alive, said Hermione, prodding 
Errol gently with the tip of her finger. 

Its not that  its that. 

Ron was pointing at the red envelope. It looked quite 
ordinary to Harry, but Ron and Neville were both 
looking at it as though they expected it to explode. 

Whats the matter? said Harry. 

Shes  shes sent me a Howler, said Ron faintly. 

Youd better open it, Ron, said Neville in a timid 
whisper. Itll be worse if you dont. My gran sent me 
one once, and I ignored it and  he gulped  it was 
horrible. 

Harry looked from their petrified faces to the red 
envelope. 

Whats a Howler? he said. 

But Rons whole attention was fixed on the letter, 
which had begun to smoke at the corners. 



  97 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Open it, Neville urged. Itll all be over in a few 
minutes   

Ron stretched out a shaking hand, eased the envelope 
from Errols beak, and slit it open. Neville stuffed his 
fingers in his ears. A split second later, Harry knew 
why. He thought for a moment it had exploded; a roar 
of sound filled the huge hall, shaking dust from the 
ceiling. 

 STEALING THE CAR, I WOULDNT HAVE BEEN 
SURPRISED IF THEYD EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT 
TILL I GET HOLD OF YOU, I DONT SUPPOSE YOU 
STOPPED TO THINK WHAT YOUR FATHER AND I 
WENT THROUGH WHEN WE SAW IT WAS GONE   

Mrs. Weasleys yells, a hundred times louder than 
usual, made the plates and spoons rattle on the table, 
and echoed deafeningly off the stone walls. People 
throughout the hall were swiveling around to see who 
had received the Howler, and Ron sank so low in his 
chair that only his crimson forehead could be seen. 

 LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I 
THOUGHT YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, 

WE DIDNT BRING YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS, 
YOU AND HARRY COULD BOTH HAVE DIED   

Harry had been wondering when his name was going 
to crop up. He tried very hard to look as though he 
couldnt hear the voice that was making his eardrums 
throb. 

 ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED  YOUR FATHERS 
FACING AN INQUIRY AT WORK, ITS ENTIRELY YOUR 
FAULT AND IF YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT OF LINE 
WELL BRING YOU STRAIGHT BACK HOME. 



  98 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




A ringing silence fell. The red envelope, which had 
dropped from Rons hand, burst into flames and 
curled into ashes. Harry and Ron sat stunned, as 
though a tidal wave had just passed over them. A few 
people laughed and, gradually, a babble of talk broke 
out again. 

Hermione closed Voyages with Vampires and looked 
down at the top of Rons head. 

Well, I dont know what you expected, Ron, but you 



Dont tell me I deserved it, snapped Ron. 

Harry pushed his porridge away. His insides were 
burning with guilt. Mr. Weasley was facing an inquiry 
at work. After all Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had done for 
him over the summer . . . 

But he had no time to dwell on this; Professor 
McGonagall was moving along the Gryffindor table, 
handing out course schedules. Harry took his and 
saw that they had double Herbology with the 
Hufflepuffs first. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together, 
crossed the vegetable patch, and made for the 
greenhouses, where the magical plants were kept. At 
least the Howler had done one good thing: Hermione 
seemed to think they had now been punished enough 
and was being perfectly friendly again. 

As they neared the greenhouses they saw the rest of 
the class standing outside, waiting for Professor 
Sprout. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had only just 
joined them when she came striding into view across 
the lawn, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. 

Professor Sprouts arms were full of bandages, and 
  99 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




with another twinge of guilt, Harry spotted the 
Whomping Willow in the distance, several of its 
branches now in slings. 

Professor Sprout was a squat little witch who wore a 
patched hat over her flyaway hair; there was usually 
a large amount of earth on her clothes and her 
fingernails would have made Aunt Petunia faint. 
Gilderoy Lockhart, however, was immaculate in 
sweeping robes of turquoise, his golden hair shining 
under a perfectly positioned turquoise hat with gold 
trimming. 

Oh, hello there! he called, beaming around at the 

assembled students. Just been showing Professor 

Sprout the right way to doctor a Whomping Willow! 

But I dont want you running away with the idea that 

Im better at Herbology than she is! I just happen to 

have met several of these exotic plants on my travels 
?? 



Greenhouse three today, chaps! said Professor 
Sprout, who was looking distinctly disgruntled, not at 
all her usual cheerful self. 

There was a murmur of interest. They had only ever 
worked in greenhouse one before  greenhouse three 
housed far more interesting and dangerous plants. 
Professor Sprout took a large key from her belt and 
unlocked the door. Harry caught a whiff of damp 
earth and fertilizer mingling with the heavy perfume 
of some giant, umbrellasized flowers dangling from 
the ceiling. He was about to follow Ron and Hermione 
inside when Lockharts hand shot out. 

Harry! Ive been wanting a word  you dont mind if 
hes a couple of minutes late, do you, Professor 
Sprout? 



  100 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Judging by Professor Sprouts scowl, she did mind, 
but Lockhart said, Thats the ticket, and closed the 
greenhouse door in her face. 

Harry, said Lockhart, his large white teeth gleaming 
in the sunlight as he shook his head. Harry, Harry, 
Harry. 

Completely nonplussed, Harry said nothing. 

When I heard  well, of course, it was all my fault. 
Could have kicked myself. 

Harry had no idea what he was talking about. He was 
about to say so when Lockhart went on, Dont know 
when Ive been more shocked. Flying a car to 
Hogwarts! Well, of course, I knew at once why youd 
done it. Stood out a mile. Harry, Harry, Harry. 

It was remarkable how he could show every one of 
those brilliant teeth even when he wasnt talking. 

Gave you a taste for publicity, didnt I? said 
Lockhart. Gave you the bug. You got onto the front 
 of the paper with me and you couldnt wait to do 
it again. 

Oh, no, Professor, see   

Harry, Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, reaching out 
and grasping his shoulder. I understand. Natural to 
want a bit more once youve had that first taste  
and I blame myself for giving you that, because it was 
bound to go to your head  but see here, young man, 
you cant start flying cars to try and get yourself 
noticed. Just calm down, all right? Plenty of time for 
all that when youre older. Yes, yes, I know what 
youre thinking! Its all right for him, hes an 
internationally famous wizard already!  But when I 
  101 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




was twelve, I was just as much of a nobody as you are 
now. In fact, Id say I was even more of a nobody! I 
mean, a few people have heard of you, havent they? 
All that business with HeWhoMustNotBeNamed! 
He glanced at the lightning scar on Harrys forehead. 

I know, I know  its not quite as good as winning 
Witch Weeklys MostCharmingSmile Award five 
times in a row, as I have  but its a start, Harry, its 
a start 

He gave Harry a hearty wink and strode off. Harry 
stood stunned for a few seconds, then, remembering 
he was supposed to be in the greenhouse, he opened 
the door and slid inside. 

Professor Sprout was standing behind a trestle bench 
in the center of the greenhouse. About twenty pairs of 
differentcolored earmuffs were lying on the bench. 
When Harry had taken his place between Ron and 
Hermione, she said, Well be repotting Mandrakes 
today. Now, who can tell me the properties of the 
Mandrake? 

To nobodys surprise, Hermiones hand was first into 
the air. 

Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative, 
said Hermione, sounding as usual as though she had 
swallowed the textbook. It is used to return people 
who have been transfigured or cursed to their original 
state. 

Excellent. Ten points to Gryffindor, said Professor 
Sprout. The Mandrake forms an essential part of 
most antidotes. It is also, however, dangerous. Who 
can tell me why? 

Hermiones hand narrowly missed Harrys glasses as 
it shot up again. 

  102 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears 
it, she said promptly. 

Precisely. Take another ten points, said Professor 
Sprout. Now, the Mandrakes we have here are still 
very young. 

She pointed to a row of deep trays as she spoke, and 
everyone shuffled forward for a better look. A hundred 
or so tufty little plants, purplish green in color, were 
growing there in rows. They looked quite 
unremarkable to Harry, who didnt have the slightest 
idea what Hermione meant by the cry of the 
Mandrake. 

Everyone take a pair of earmuffs, said Professor 
Sprout. 

There was a scramble as everyone tried to seize a pair 
that wasnt pink and fluffy. 

When I tell you to put them on, make sure your ears 
are completely covered, said Professor Sprout. When 
it is safe to remove them, I will give you the thumbs 
up. Right  earmuffs on. 

Harry snapped the earmuffs over his ears. They shut 
out sound completely. Professor Sprout put the pink, 
fluffy pair over her own ears, rolled up the sleeves of 
her robes, grasped one of the tufty plants firmly, and 
pulled hard. 

Harry let out a gasp of surprise that no one could 
hear. 

Instead of roots, a small, muddy, and extremely ugly 
baby popped out of the earth. The leaves were 
growing right out of his head. He had pale green, 



  103 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




mottled skin, and was clearly bawling at the top of his 
lungs. 

Professor Sprout took a large plant pot from under 
the table and plunged the Mandrake into it, burying 
him in dark, damp compost until only the tufted 
leaves were visible. Professor Sprout dusted off her 
hands, gave them all the thumbsup, and removed 
her own earmuffs. 

As our Mandrakes are only seedlings, their cries 
wont kill yet, she said calmly as though shed just 
done nothing more exciting than water a begonia. 
However, they will knock you out for several hours, 
and as Im sure none of you want to miss your first 
day back, make sure your earmuffs are securely in 
place while you work. I will attract your attention 
when it is time to pack up. 

Four to a tray  there is a large supply of pots here 

 compost in the sacks over there  and be careful 
of the Venomous Tentacula, its teething. 

She gave a sharp slap to a spiky, dark red plant as 
she spoke, making it draw in the long feelers that had 
been inching sneakily over her shoulder. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at their tray by 
a curlyhaired Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by sight but 
had never spoken to. 

Justin FinchFletchley, he said brightly, shaking 
Harry by the hand. Know who you are, of course, the 
famous Harry Potter. ... And youre Hermione Granger 

 always top in everything (Hermione beamed as she 
had her hand shaken too)   and Ron Weasley. 
Wasnt that your flying car? 



  104 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ron didnt smile. The Howler was obviously still on 
his mind. 

That Lockharts something, isnt he? said Justin 
happily as they began filling their plant pots with 
dragon dung compost. Awfully brave chap. Have you 
read his books? Id have died of fear if Id been 
cornered in a telephone booth by a werewolf, but he 
stayed cool and  zap  just fantastic. 

My name was down for Eton, you know. I cant tell 
you how glad I am I came here instead. Of course, 
Mother was slightly disappointed, but since I made 
her read Lockharts books I think shes begun to see 
how useful itll be to have a fully trained wizard in the 
family. ... 

After that they didnt have much chance to talk. Their 
earmuffs were back on and they needed to 
concentrate on the Mandrakes. Professor Sprout had 
made it look extremely easy, but it wasnt. The 
Mandrakes didnt like coming out of the earth, but 
didnt seem to want to go back into it either. They 
squirmed, kicked, flailed their sharp little fists, and 
gnashed their teeth; Harry spent ten whole minutes 
trying to squash a particularly fat one into a pot. 

By the end of the class, Harry, like everyone else, was 
sweaty, aching, and covered in earth. Everyone 
traipsed back to the castle for a quick wash and then 
the Gryffindors hurried off to Transfiguration. 

Professor McGonagalls classes were always hard 
work, but today was especially difficult. Everything 
Harry had learned last year seemed to have leaked 
out of his head during the summer. He was supposed 
to be turning a beetle into a button, but all he 
managed to do was give his beetle a lot of exercise as 
it scuttled over the desktop avoiding his wand. 

  105 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ron was having far worse problems. He had patched 
up his wand with some borrowed Spellotape, but it 
seemed to be damaged beyond repair. It kept 
crackling and sparking at odd moments, and every 
time Ron tried to transfigure his beetle it engulfed 
him in thick gray smoke that smelled of rotten eggs. 
Unable to see what he was doing, Ron accidentally 
squashed his beetle with his elbow and had to ask for 
a new one. Professor McGonagall wasnt pleased. 

Harry was relieved to hear the lunch bell. His brain 
felt like a wrung sponge. Everyone filed out of the 
classroom except him and Ron, who was whacking 
his wand furiously on the desk. 

Stupid  useless  thing   

Write home for another one, Harry suggested as the 
wand let off a volley of bangs like a firecracker. 

Oh, yeah, and get another Howler back, said Ron, 
stuffing the now hissing wand into his bag.  Its your 
own fault your wand got snapped    

They went down to lunch, where Rons mood was not 
improved by Hermiones showing them the handful of 
perfect coat buttons she had produced in 
T ransfiguration . 

Whatve we got this afternoon? said Harry, hastily 
changing the subject. 

Defense Against the Dark Arts, said Hermione at 
once. 

Why, demanded Ron, seizing her schedule, have 
you outlined all Lockharts lessons in little hearts? 



  106 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing 
furiously. 

They finished lunch and went outside into the 
overcast courtyard. Hermione sat down on a stone 
step and buried her nose in Voyages with Vampires 
again. Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch 
for several minutes before Harry became aware that 
he was being closely watched. Looking up, he saw the 
very small, mousyhaired boy hed seen trying on the 
Sorting Hat last night staring at Harry as though 
transfixed. He was clutching what looked like an 
ordinary Muggle camera, and the moment Harry 
looked at him, he went bright red. 

All right, Harry? Im  Im Colin Creevey, he said 
breathlessly, taking a tentative step forward. Im in 
Gryffindor, too. Dyou think  would it be all right if 
 can I have a picture? he said, raising the camera 
hopefully. 

A picture? Harry repeated blankly. 

So I can prove Ive met you, said Colin Creevey 
eagerly, edging further forward. I know all about you. 
Everyones told me. About how you survived when 
YouKnowWho tried to kill you and how he 
disappeared and everything and how youve still got a 
lightning scar on your forehead (his eyes raked 
Harrys hairline) and a boy in my dormitory said if I 
develop the film in the right potion, the picturesll 
move. Colin drew a great shuddering breath of 
excitement and said, Its amazing here, isnt it? I 
never knew all the odd stuff I could do was magic till I 
got the letter from Hogwarts. My dads a milkman, he 
couldnt believe it either. So Im taking loads of 
pictures to send home to him. And itd be really good 
if I had one of you  he looked imploringly at Harry 



  107 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




 maybe your friend could take it and I could stand 
next to you? And then, could you sign it? 

 Signed photos? Youre giving out signed photos, 
Potter? 

Loud and scathing, Draco Malfoys voice echoed 
around the courtyard. He had stopped right behind 
Colin, flanked, as he always was at Hogwarts, by his 
large and thuggish cronies, Crabbe and Goyle. 

Everyone line up! Malfoy roared to the crowd. Harry 
Potters giving out signed photos! 

No, Im not, said Harry angrily, his fists clenching. 
Shut up, Malfoy. 

Youre just jealous, piped up Colin, whose entire 
body was about as thick as Crabbe s neck. 

Jealous? said Malfoy, who didnt need to shout 
anymore: Half the courtyard was listening in. Of 
what? I dont want a foul scar right across my head, 
thanks. I dont think getting your head cut open 
makes you that special, myself. 

Crabbe and Goyle were sniggering stupidly. 

Eat slugs, Malfoy, said Ron angrily. Crabbe stopped 
laughing and started rubbing his knuckles in a 
menacing way. 

Be careful, Weasley, sneered Malfoy. You dont 
want to start any trouble or your mommyll have to 
come and take you away from school. He put on a 
shrill, piercing voice. If you put another toe out of line 



  108 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




A knot of Slytherin fifth years nearby laughed loudly 
at this. 

Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter, smirked 
Malfoy. Itd be worth more than his familys whole 
house   

Ron whipped out his Spellotaped wand, but Hermione 
shut Voyages with Vampires with a snap and 
whispered, Look out! 

Whats all this, whats all this? Gilderoy Lockhart 
was striding toward them, his turquoise robes 
swirling behind him. Whos giving out signed 
photos? 

Harry started to speak but he was cut short as 
Lockhart flung an arm around his shoulders and 
thundered jovially, Shouldnt have asked! We meet 
again, Harry! 

Pinned to Lockharts side and burning with 
humiliation, Harry saw Malfoy slide smirking back 
into the crowd. 

Come on then, Mr. Creevey, said Lockhart, beaming 
at Colin. A double portrait, cant do better than that, 
and well both sign it for you. 

Colin fumbled for his camera and took the picture as 
the bell rang behind them, signaling the start of 
afternoon classes. 

Off you go, move along there, Lockhart called to the 
crowd, and he set off back to the castle with Harry, 
who was wishing he knew a good Vanishing Spell, 
still clasped to his side. 



  109 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




A word to the wise, Harry, said Lockhart paternally 
as they entered the building through a side door. I 
covered up for you back there with young Creevey  
if he was photographing me, too, your schoolmates 
wont think youre setting yourself up so much. ... 

Deaf to Harrys stammers, Lockhart swept him down 
a corridor lined with staring students and up a 
staircase. 

Let me just say that handing out signed pictures at 
this stage of your career isnt sensible  looks a tad 
bigheaded, Harry, to be frank. There may well come a 
time when, like me, youll need to keep a stack handy 
wherever you go, but  he gave a little chortle  I 
dont think youre quite there yet. 

They had reached Lockharts classroom and he let 
Harry go at last. Harry yanked his robes straight and 
headed for a seat at the very back of the class, where 
he busied himself with piling all seven of Lockharts 
books in front of him, so that he could avoid looking 
at the real thing. 

The rest of the class came clattering in, and Ron and 
Hermione sat down on either side of Harry. 

You couldve fried an egg on your face, said Ron. 
Youd better hope Creevey doesnt meet Ginny, or 
theyll be starting a Harry Potter fan club. 

Shut up, snapped Harry. The last thing he needed 
was for Lockhart to hear the phrase Harry Potter fan 
club. 

When the whole class was seated, Lockhart cleared 
his throat loudly and silence fell. He reached forward, 
picked up Neville Longbottoms copy of Travels with 



  110 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Trolls, and held it up to show his own, winking 
portrait on the front. 

Me, he said, pointing at it and winking as well. 
Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, 
Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, 
and fivetime winner of Witch Weeklys Most 
Charming Smile Award  but I dont talk about that. 
I didnt get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smiling at 
her! 

He waited for them to laugh; a few people smiled 
weakly. 

I see youve all bought a complete set of my books  
well done. I thought wed start today with a little quiz. 
Nothing to worry about  just to check how well 
youve read them, how much youve taken in   

When he had handed out the test papers he returned 
to the front of the class and said, You have thirty 
minutes  start  now\ 

Harry looked down at his paper and read: 

1. What is Gilderoy Lockharts favorite color? 

2. What is Gilderoy Lockharts secret ambition? 

3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockharts 
greatest achievement to date? 

On and on it went, over three sides of paper, right 
down to: 

54. When is Gilderoy Lockharts birthday, and what 
would his ideal gift be? 



  111 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Half an hour later, Lockhart collected the papers and 
rifled through them in front of the class. 

Tut, tut  hardly any of you remembered that my 
favorite color is lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. 

And a few of you need to read Wanderings with 
Werewolves more carefully  I clearly state in 
chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be 
harmony between all magic and nonmagic peoples  
though I wouldnt say no to a large bottle of Ogdens 
Old Firewhisky! 

He gave them another roguish wink. Ron was now 
staring at Lockhart with an expression of disbelief on 
his face; Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who 
were sitting in front, were shaking with silent 
laughter. Hermione, on the other hand, was listening 
to Lockhart with rapt attention and gave a start when 
he mentioned her name. 

"... but Miss Hermione Granger knew my secret 
ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my 
own range of haircare potions  good girl! In fact  
he flipped her paper over  full marks! Where is 
Miss Hermione Granger? 

Hermione raised a trembling hand. 

Excellent! beamed Lockhart. Quite excellent! Take 
ten points for Gryffindor! And so  to business   

He bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, 
covered cage onto it. 

Now  be warned! It is my job to arm you against 
the foulest creatures known to wizardkind! You may 
find yourselves facing your worst fears in this room. 
Know only that no harm can befall you whilst I am 
here. All I ask is that you remain calm. 

  112 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




In spite of himself, Harry leaned around his pile of 
books for a better look at the cage. Lockhart placed a 
hand on the cover. Dean and Seamus had stopped 
laughing now. Neville was cowering in his front row 
seat. 

I must ask you not to scream, said Lockhart in a 
low voice. It might provoke them. 

As the whole class held its breath, Lockhart whipped 
off the cover. 

Yes, he said dramatically.  Freshly caught Cornish 
pixies. 

Seamus Finnigan couldnt control himself. He let out 
a snort of laughter that even Lockhart couldnt 
mistake for a scream of terror. 

Yes? He smiled at Seamus. 

Well, theyre not  theyre not very  dangerous, are 
they? Seamus choked. 

Dont be so sure! said Lockhart, waggling a finger 
annoyingly at Seamus. Devilish tricky little blighters 
they can be! 

The pixies were electric blue and about eight inches 
high, with pointed faces and voices so shrill it was 
like listening to a lot of budgies arguing. The moment 
the cover had been removed, they had started 
jabbering and rocketing around, rattling the bars and 
making bizarre faces at the people nearest them. 

Right, then, Lockhart said loudly. Lets see what 
you make of them! And he opened the cage. 



  113 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




It was pandemonium. The pixies shot in every 
direction like rockets. Two of them seized Neville by 
the ears and lifted him into the air. Several shot 
straight through the window, showering the back row 
with broken glass. The rest proceeded to wreck the 
classroom more effectively than a rampaging rhino. 
They grabbed ink bottles and sprayed the class with 
them, shredded books and papers, tore pictures from 
the walls, upended the waste basket, grabbed bags 
and books and threw them out of the smashed 
window; within minutes, half the class was sheltering 
under desks and Neville was swinging from the iron 
chandelier in the ceiling. 

Come on now  round them up, round them up, 
theyre only pixies, Lockhart shouted. 

He rolled up his sleeves, brandished his wand, and 
bellowed, Peskipiksi Pesternomti 

It had absolutely no effect; one of the pixies seized his 
wand and threw it out of the window, too. Lockhart 
gulped and dived under his own desk, narrowly 
avoiding being squashed by Neville, who fell a second 
later as the chandelier gave way. 

The bell rang and there was a mad rush toward the 
exit. In the relative calm that followed, Lockhart 
straightened up, caught sight of Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione, who were almost at the door, and said, 
Well, Ill ask you three to just nip the rest of them 
back into their cage. He swept past them and shut 
the door quickly behind him. 

Can you believe him? roared Ron as one of the 
remaining pixies bit him painfully on the ear. 

He just wants to give us some handson experience, 
said Hermione, immobilizing two pixies at once with a 

  114 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




clever Freezing Charm and stuffing them back into 
their cage. 

Hands on? said Harry, who was trying to grab a 
pixie dancing out of reach with its tongue out. 
Hermione, he didnt have a clue what he was doing 



Rubbish, said Hermione. Youve read his books  
look at all those amazing things hes done   

He says hes done, Ron muttered. 



  115 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




7 




MUDBLOODS AND MURMURS 

Harry spent a lot of time over the next few days 
dodging out of sight whenever he saw Gilderoy 
Lockhart coming down a corridor. Harder to avoid 
was Colin Creevey, who seemed to have memorized 
Harrys schedule. Nothing seemed to give Colin a 
bigger thrill than to say, All right, Harry? six or 
seven times a day and hear, Hello, Colin, back, 
however exasperated Harry sounded when he said it. 

Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the 
disasterous car journey and Rons wand was still 
malfunctioning, surpassing itself on Friday morning 
by shooting out of Rons hand in Charms and hitting 
tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, 
creating a large, throbbing green boil where it had 
struck. So with one thing and another, Harry was 
quite glad to reach the weekend. He, Ron, and 
Hermione were planning to visit Hagrid on Saturday 
morning. Harry, however, was shaken awake several 
hours earlier than he would have liked by Oliver 
Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. 

  116 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets  



Whassamatter? said Harry groggily. 

Quidditch practice! said Wood. Come on! 

Harry squinted at the window. There was a thin mist 
hanging across the pinkandgold sky. Now that he 
was awake, he couldnt understand how he could 
have slept through the racket the birds were making. 

Oliver, Harry croaked. Its the crack of dawn. 

Exactly, said Wood. He was a tall and burly sixth 
year and, at the moment, his eyes were gleaming with 
a crazed enthusiasm. Its part of our new training 
program. Come on, grab your broom, and lets go, 
said Wood heartily. None of the other teams have 
started training yet; were going to be first off the 
mark this year   

Yawning and shivering slightly, Harry climbed out of 
bed and tried to find his Quidditch robes. 

Good man, said Wood. Meet you on the field in 
fifteen minutes. 

When hed found his scarlet team robes and pulled on 
his cloak for warmth, Harry scribbled a note to Ron 
explaining where hed gone and went down the spiral 
staircase to the common room, his Nimbus Two 
Thousand on his shoulder. He had just reached the 
portrait hole when there was a clatter behind him and 
Colin Creevey came dashing down the spiral 
staircase, his camera swinging madly around his 
neck and something clutched in his hand. 

I heard someone saying your name on the stairs, 
Harry! Look what Ive got here! Ive had it developed, I 
wanted to show you   



  117 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry looked bemusedly at the photograph Colin was 
brandishing under his nose. 

A moving, blackandwhite Lockhart was tugging hard 
on an arm Harry recognized as his own. He was 
pleased to see that his photographic self was putting 
up a good fight and refusing to be dragged into view. 
As Harry watched, Lockhart gave up and slumped, 
panting, against the white edge of the picture. 

Will you sign it? said Colin eagerly. 

No, said Harry flatly, glancing around to check that 
the room was really deserted. Sorry, Colin, Im in a 
hurry  Quidditch practice   

He climbed through the portrait hole. 

Oh, wow! Wait for me! Ive never watched a Quidditch 
game before! 

Colin scrambled through the hole after him. 

Itll be really boring, Harry said quickly, but Colin 
ignored him, his face shining with excitement. 

You were the youngest House player in a hundred 
years, werent you, Harry? Werent you? said Colin, 
trotting alongside him. You must be brilliant. Ive 
never flown. Is it easy? Is that your own broom? Is 
that the best one there is? 

Harry didnt know how to get rid of him. It was like 
having an extremely talkative shadow. 

I dont really understand Quidditch, said Colin 
breathlessly. Is it true there are four balls? And two 
of them fly around trying to knock people off their 
brooms? 

  118 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Yes, said Harry heavily, resigned to explaining the 
complicated rules of Quidditch. Theyre called 
Bludgers. There are two Beaters on each team who 
carry clubs to beat the Bludgers away from their side. 
Fred and George Weasley are the Gryffindor Beaters. 

And what are the other balls for? Colin asked, 
tripping down a couple of steps because he was 
gazing openmouthed at Harry. 

Well, the Quaffle  thats the biggish red one  is 
the one that scores goals. Three Chasers on each 
team throw the Quaffle to each other and try and get 
it through the goal posts at the end of the pitch  
theyre three long poles with hoops on the end. 

And the fourth ball   

  is the Golden Snitch, said Harry, and its very 
small, very fast, and difficult to catch. But thats what 
the Seekers got to do, because a game of Quidditch 
doesnt end until the Snitch has been caught. And 
whichever teams Seeker gets the Snitch earns his 
team an extra hundred and fifty points. 

And youre the Gryffindor Seeker, arent you? said 
Colin in awe. 

Yes, said Harry as they left the castle and started 
across the dewdrenched grass. And theres the 
Keeper, too. He guards the goal posts. Thats it, 
really. 

But Colin didnt stop questioning Harry all the way 
down the sloping lawns to the Quidditch field, and 
Harry only shook him off when he reached the 
changing rooms; Colin called after him in a piping 
voice, Ill go and get a good seat, Harry! and hurried 
off to the stands. 

  119 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The rest of the Gryffindor team were already in the 
changing room. Wood was the only person who looked 
truly awake. Fred and George Weasley were sitting, 
puffyeyed and touslehaired, next to fourth year 
Alicia Spinnet, who seemed to be nodding off against 
the wall behind her. Her fellow Chasers, Katie Bell 
and Angelina Johnson, were yawning side by side 
opposite them. 

There you are, Harry, what kept you? said Wood 
briskly. Now, I wanted a quick talk with you all 
before we actually get onto the field, because I spent 
the summer devising a whole new training program, 
which I really think will make all the difference. ... 

Wood was holding up a large diagram of a Quidditch 
field, on which were drawn many lines, arrows, and 
crosses in differentcolored inks. He took out his 
wand, tapped the board, and the arrows began to 
wiggle over the diagram like caterpillars. As Wood 
launched into a speech about his new tactics, Fred 
Weasleys head drooped right onto Alicia Spinnets 
shoulder and he began to snore. 

The first board took nearly twenty minutes to explain, 
but there was another board under that, and a third 
under that one. Harry sank into a stupor as Wood 
droned on and on. 

So, said Wood, at long last, jerking Harry from a 
wistful fantasy about what he could be eating for 
breakfast at this very moment up at the castle. Is 
that clear? Any questions? 

Ive got a question, Oliver, said George, who had 
woken with a start. Why couldnt you have told us all 
this yesterday when we were awake? 

Wood wasnt pleased. 

  120 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Now, listen here, you lot, he said, glowering at them 
all. We should have won the Quidditch Cup last year. 
Were easily the best team. But unfortunately  
owing to circumstances beyond our control   

Harry shifted guiltily in his seat. He had been 
unconscious in the hospital wing for the final match 
of the previous year, meaning that Gryffindor had 
been a player short and had suffered their worst 
defeat in three hundred years. 

Wood took a moment to regain control of himself. 
Their last defeat was clearly still torturing him. 

So this year, we train harder than ever before. ... 
Okay, lets go and put our new theories into practice! 
Wood shouted, seizing his broomstick and leading the 
way out of the locker rooms. Stifflegged and still 
yawning, his team followed. 

They had been in the locker room so long that the 
sun was up completely now, although remnants of 
mist hung over the grass in the stadium. As Harry 
walked onto the field, he saw Ron and Hermione 
sitting in the stands. 

Arent you finished yet? called Ron incredulously. 

Havent even started, said Harry, looking jealously 
at the toast and marmalade Ron and Hermione had 
brought out of the Great Hall. Woods been teaching 
us new moves. 

He mounted his broomstick and kicked at the 
ground, soaring up into the air. The cool morning air 
whipped his face, waking him far more effectively 
than Woods long talk. It felt wonderful to be back on 
the Quidditch field. He soared right around the 
stadium at full speed, racing Fred and George. 

  121 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Whats that funny clicking noise? called Fred as 
they hurtled around the corner. 

Harry looked into the stands. Colin was sitting in one 
of the highest seats, his camera raised, taking picture 
after picture, the sound strangely magnified in the 
deserted stadium. 

Look this way, Harry! This way! he cried shrilly. 
Whos that? said Fred. 

No idea, Harry lied, putting on a spurt of speed that 
took him as far away as possible from Colin. 

Whats going on? said Wood, frowning, as he 
skimmed through the air toward them. Whys that 
first year taking pictures? I dont like it. He could be a 
Slytherin spy, trying to find out about our new 
training program. 

Hes in Gryffindor, said Harry quickly. 

And the Slytherins dont need a spy, Oliver, said 
George. 

What makes you say that? said Wood testily. 

Because theyre here in person, said George, 
pointing. 

Several people in green robes were walking onto the 
field, broomsticks in their hands. 

I dont believe it! Wood hissed in outrage. I booked 
the field for today! Well see about this! 



  122 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Wood shot toward the ground, landing rather harder 
than he meant to in his anger, staggering slightly as 
he dismounted. Harry, Fred, and George followed. 

Flint! Wood bellowed at the Slytherin Captain. This 
is our practice time! We got up specially! You can 
clear off now! 

Marcus Flint was even larger than Wood. He had a 
look of trollish cunning on his face as he replied, 
Plenty of room for all of us, Wood. 

Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There 
were no girls on the Slytherin team, who stood 
shoulder to shoulder, facing the Gryffindors, leering 
to a man. 

But I booked the field! said Wood, positively spitting 
with rage. I booked it! 

Ah, said Flint. But Tve got a specially signed note 
here from Professor Snape. % Professor S. Snape, give 
the Slytherin team permission to practice today on the 
Quidditch field owinq to the need to train their new 
Seeker.   

Youve got a new Seeker? said Wood, distracted. 
Where? 

And from behind the six large figures before them 
came a seventh, smaller boy, smirking all over his 
pale, pointed face. It was Draco Malfoy. 

Arent you Lucius Malfoys son? said Fred, looking 
at Malfoy with dislike. 

Funny you should mention Dracos father, said Flint 
as the whole Slytherin team smiled still more broadly. 



  123 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Let me show you the generous gift hes made to the 
Slytherin team. 

All seven of them held out their broomsticks. Seven 
highly polished, brandnew handles and seven sets of 
fine gold lettering spelling the words Nimbus Two 
Thousand and One gleamed under the Gryffindors 
noses in the early morning sun. 

Very latest model. Only came out last month, said 
Flint carelessly, flicking a speck of dust from the end 
of his own. I believe it outstrips the old Two 
Thousand series by a considerable amount. As for the 
old Cleansweeps  he smiled nastily at Fred and 
George, who were both clutching Cleansweep Fives  
sweeps the board with them. 

None of the Gryffindor team could think of anything 
to say for a moment. Malfoy was smirking so broadly 
his cold eyes were reduced to slits. 

Oh, look, said Flint. A field invasion. 

Ron and Hermione were crossing the grass to see 
what was going on. 

Whats happening? Ron asked Harry. Why arent 
you playing? And whats he doing here? 

He was looking at Malfoy, taking in his Slytherin 
Quidditch robes. 

Im the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley, said Malfoy, 
smugly. Everyones just been admiring the brooms 
my fathers bought our team. 

Ron gaped, openmouthed, at the seven superb 
broomsticks in front of him. 



  124 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Good, arent they? said Malfoy smoothly. But 
perhaps the Gryffindor team will be able to raise some 
gold and get new brooms, too. You could raffle off 
those Cleansweep Fives; I expect a museum would 
bid for them. 

The Slytherin team howled with laughter. 

At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy 
their way in, said Hermione sharply. They got in on 
pure talent. 

The smug look on Malfoys face flickered. 

No one asked your opinion, you filthy little 
Mudblood, he spat. 

Harry knew at once that Malfoy had said something 
really bad because there was an instant uproar at his 
words. Flint had to dive in front of Malfoy to stop Fred 
and George jumping on him, Alicia shrieked, How 
dare you\, and Ron plunged his hand into his robes, 
pulled out his wand, yelling, Youll pay for that one, 
Malfoy! and pointed it furiously under Flints arm at 
Malfoys face. 

A loud bang echoed around the stadium and a jet of 
green light shot out of the wrong end of Rons wand, 
hitting him in the stomach and sending him reeling 
backward onto the grass. 

Ron! Ron! Are you all right? squealed Hermione. 

Ron opened his mouth to speak, but no words came 
out. Instead he gave an almighty belch and several 
slugs dribbled out of his mouth onto his lap. 

The Slytherin team were paralyzed with laughter. 

Flint was doubled up, hanging onto his new 

  125 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




broomstick for support. Malfoy was on all fours, 
banging the ground with his fist. The Gryffindors were 
gathered around Ron, who kept belching large, 
glistening slugs. Nobody seemed to want to touch 
him. 

Wed better get him to Hagrids, its nearest, said 
Harry to Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair 
of them pulled Ron up by the arms. 

What happened, Harry? What happened? Is he ill? 
But you can cure him, cant you? Colin had run 
down from his seat and was now dancing alongside 
them as they left the field. Ron gave a huge heave and 
more slugs dribbled down his front. 

Oooh, said Colin, fascinated and raising his camera. 
Can you hold him still, Harry? 

Get out of the way, Colin! said Harry angrily. He and 
Hermione supported Ron out of the stadium and 
across the grounds toward the edge of the forest. 

Nearly there, Ron, said Hermione as the 
gamekeepers cabin came into view. Youll be all right 
in a minute  almost there   

They were within twenty feet of Hagrids house when 
the front door opened, but it wasnt Hagrid who 
emerged. Gilderoy Lockhart, wearing robes of palest 
mauve today, came striding out. 

Quick, behind here, Harry hissed, dragging Ron 
behind a nearby bush. Hermione followed, somewhat 
reluctantly. 

Its a simple matter if you know what youre doing! 
Lockhart was saying loudly to Hagrid. If you need 
help, you know where I am! Ill let you have a copy of 

  126 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




my book. Im surprised you havent already got one  
Ill sign one tonight and send it over. Well, goodbye! 
And he strode away toward the castle. 

Harry waited until Lockhart was out of sight, then 
pulled Ron out of the bush and up to Hagrids front 
door. They knocked urgently. 

Hagrid appeared at once, looking very grumpy, but 
his expression brightened when he saw who it was. 

Bin wonderin when youd come ter see me  come 
in, come in  thought you mighta bin Professor 
Lockhart back again   

Harry and Hermione supported Ron over the 
threshold into the oneroomed cabin, which had an 
enormous bed in one corner, a fire crackling merrily 
in the other. Hagrid didnt seem perturbed by Rons 
slug problem, which Harry hastily explained as he 
lowered Ron into a chair. 

Better out than in, he said cheerfully, plunking a 
large copper basin in front of him. Get em all up, 
Ron. 

I dont think theres anything to do except wait for it 
to stop, said Hermione anxiously, watching Ron bend 
over the basin. Thats a difficult curse to work at the 
best of times, but with a broken wand   

Hagrid was bustling around making them tea. His 
boarhound, Fang, was slobbering over Harry. 

What did Lockhart want with you, Hagrid? Harry 
asked, scratching Fangs ears. 

Givin me advice on gettin kelpies out of a well, 
growled Hagrid, moving a halfplucked rooster off his 

  127 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




scrubbed table and setting down the teapot. Like I 
don know. An bangin on about some banshee he 
banished. If one word of it was true, Ill eat my kettle. 

It was most unlike Hagrid to criticize a Hogwarts 
teacher, and Harry looked at him in surprise. 
Hermione, however, said in a voice somewhat higher 
than usual, I think youre being a bit unfair. 

Professor Dumbledore obviously thought he was the 
best man for the job   

He was the ony man for the job, said Hagrid, 
offering them a plate of treacle toffee, while Ron 
coughed squelchily into his basin. An I mean the 
ony one. Gettin very difficult ter find anyone fer the 
Dark Arts job. People arent too keen ter take it on, 
see. Theyre startin ter think its jinxed. No ones 
lasted long fer a while now. So tell me, said Hagrid, 
jerking his head at Ron. Who was he tryin ter 
curse? 

Malfoy called Hermione something  it mustve been 
really bad, because everyone went wild. 

It was bad, said Ron hoarsely, emerging over the 
tabletop looking pale and sweaty. Malfoy called her 
Mudblood, Hagrid   

Ron dived out of sight again as a fresh wave of slugs 
made their appearance. Hagrid looked outraged. 

He didn! he growled at Hermione. 

He did, she said. But I dont know what it means. I 
could tell it was really rude, of course   

Its about the most insulting thing he could think of, 
gasped Ron, coming back up. Mudbloods a really 
foul name for someone who is Muggleborn  you 

  128 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




know, nonmagic parents. There are some wizards  
like Malfoys family  who think theyre better than 
everyone else because theyre what people call pure 
blood. He gave a small burp, and a single slug fell 
into his outstretched hand. He threw it into the basin 
and continued, I mean, the rest of us know it doesnt 
make any difference at all. Look at Neville Longbottom 
 hes pureblood and he can hardly stand a 
cauldron the right way up. 

An they havent invented a spell our Hermione can 
do, said Hagrid proudly, making Hermione go a 
brilliant shade of magenta. 

Its a disgusting thing to call someone, said Ron, 
wiping his sweaty brow with a shaking hand. Dirty 
blood, see. Common blood. Its ridiculous. Most 
wizards these days are halfblood anyway. If we 
hadnt married Muggles wedve died out. 

He retched and ducked out of sight again. 

Well, I don blame yeh fer tryin ter curse him, Ron, 
said Hagrid loudly over the thuds of more slugs 
hitting the basin. Bu maybe it was a good thing yer 
wand backfired. Spect Lucius Malfoy wouldve come 
marchin up ter school if yehd cursed his son. Least 
yer not in trouble. 

Harry would have pointed out that trouble didnt 
come much worse than having slugs pouring out of 
your mouth, but he couldnt; Hagrids treacle toffee 
had cemented his jaws together. 

Harry, said Hagrid abruptly as though struck by a 
sudden thought. Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. Ive 
heard youve bin givin out signed photos. How come I 
havent got one? 



  129 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Furious, Harry wrenched his teeth apart. 

I have not been giving out signed photos, he said 
hotly. If Lockharts still spreading that around   

But then he saw that Hagrid was laughing. 

Im ony jokin, he said, patting Harry genially on the 
back and sending him face first into the table. I knew 
yeh hadnt really. I told Lockhart yeh didn need teh. 
Yer more famous than him without tryin. 

Bet he didnt like that, said Harry, sitting up and 
rubbing his chin. 

Don think he did, said Hagrid, his eyes twinkling. 
An then I told him Id never read one o his books an 
he decided ter go. Treacle toffee, Ron? he added as 
Ron reappeared. 

No thanks, said Ron weakly. Better not risk it. 

Come an see what Ive bin growin, said Hagrid as 
Harry and Hermione finished the last of their tea. 

In the small vegetable patch behind Hagrid s house 
were a dozen of the largest pumpkins Harry had ever 
seen. Each was the size of a large boulder. 

Gettin on well, arent they? said Hagrid happily. 

Fer the Halloween feast ... should be big enough by 
then. 

Whatve you been feeding them? said Harry. 

Hagrid looked over his shoulder to check that they 
were alone. 



  130 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Well, Ive bin givin them  you know  a bit o help 



Harry noticed Hagrids flowery pink umbrella leaning 
against the back wall of the cabin. Harry had had 
reason to believe before now that this umbrella was 
not all it looked; in fact, he had the strong impression 
that Hagrids old school wand was concealed inside it. 
Hagrid wasnt supposed to use magic. He had been 
expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, but Harry 
had never found out why  any mention of the 
matter and Hagrid would clear his throat loudly and 
become mysteriously deaf until the subject was 
changed. 

An Engorgement Charm, I suppose? said Hermione, 
halfway between disapproval and amusement. Well, 
youve done a good job on them. 

Thats what yer little sister said, said Hagrid, 
nodding at Ron. Met her jus yesterday. Hagrid 
looked sideways at Harry, his beard twitching. Said 
she was jus lookin round the grounds, but I reckon 
she was hopin she might run inter someone else at 
my house. He winked at Harry. If yeh ask me, she 
wouldn say no ter a signed   

Oh, shut up, said Harry. Ron snorted with laughter 
and the ground was sprayed with slugs. 

Watch it! Hagrid roared, pulling Ron away from his 
precious pumpkins. 

It was nearly lunchtime and as Harry had only had 
one bit of treacle toffee since dawn, he was keen to go 
back to school to eat. They said goodbye to Hagrid 
and walked back up to the castle, Ron hiccoughing 
occasionally, but only bringing up two very small 
slugs. 

  131 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They had barely set foot in the cool entrance hall 
when a voice rang out, There you are, Potter  
Weasley. Professor McGonagall was walking toward 
them, looking stern. You will both do your detentions 
this evening. 

Whatre we doing, Professor? said Ron, nervously 
suppressing a burp. 

 You will be polishing the silver in the trophy room 
with Mr. Filch, said Professor McGonagall. And no 
magic, Weasley  elbow grease. 

Ron gulped. Argus Filch, the caretaker, was loathed 
by every student in the school. 

And you, Potter, will be helping Professor Lockhart 
answer his fan mail, said Professor McGonagall. 

Oh n  Professor, cant I go and do the trophy room, 
too? said Harry desperately. 

Certainly not, said Professor McGonagall, raising 
her eyebrows. Professor Lockhart requested you 
particularly. Eight oclock sharp, both of you. 

Harry and Ron slouched into the Great Hall in states 
of deepest gloom, Hermione behind them, wearing a 
wellyoudidbreakschoolrules sort of expression. 
Harry didnt enjoy his shepherds pie as much as hed 
thought. Both he and Ron felt theyd got the worse 
deal. 

Filch ll have me there all night, said Ron heavily. 

No magic! There must be about a hundred cups in 
that room. Im no good at Muggle cleaning. 



  132 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Id swap anytime, said Harry hollowly. Ive had 
loads of practice with the Dursleys. Answering 
Lockharts fan mail ... hell be a nightmare. ... 

Saturday afternoon seemed to melt away, and in what 
seemed like no time, it was five minutes to eight, and 
Harry was dragging his feet along the secondfloor 
corridor to Lockharts office. He gritted his teeth and 
knocked. 

The door flew open at once. Lockhart beamed down at 
him. 

Ah, heres the scalawag! he said. Come in, Harry, 
come in   

Shining brightly on the walls by the light of many 
candles were countless framed photographs of 
Lockhart. He had even signed a few of them. Another 
large pile lay on his desk. 

You can address the envelopes! Lockhart told Harry, 
as though this was a huge treat. This first ones to 
Gladys Gudgeon, bless her  huge fan of mine   

The minutes snailed by. Harry let Lockharts voice 
wash over him, occasionally saying, Mmm and 
Right and Yeah. Now and then he caught a phrase 
like, Fames a fickle friend, Harry, or Celebrity is as 
celebrity does, remember that. 

The candles burned lower and lower, making the light 
dance over the many moving faces of Lockhart 
watching him. Harry moved his aching hand over 
what felt like the thousandth envelope, writing out 
Veronica Smethleys address. It must be nearly time to 
leave, Harry thought miserably, please let it be nearly 
time. ... 



  133 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And then he heard something  something quite 
apart from the spitting of the dying candles and 
Lockharts prattle about his fans. 

It was a voice, a voice to chill the bone marrow, a 
voice of breathtaking, icecold venom. 

Come ... come to me. ... Let me rip you. ... Let me tear 
you. ... Let me kill you. ... 

Harry gave a huge jump and a large lilac blot 
appeared on Veronica Smethleys street. 

What? he said loudly. 

I know! said Lockhart. Six solid months at the top 
of the bestseller list! Broke all records! 

No, said Harry frantically. That voice! 

Sorry? said Lockhart, looking puzzled. What voice? 

That  that voice that said  didnt you hear it? 

Lockhart was looking at Harry in high astonishment. 

What are you talking about, Harry? Perhaps youre 
getting a little drowsy? Great Scott  look at the time! 
Weve been here nearly four hours! Id never have 
believed it  the times flown, hasnt it? 

Harry didnt answer. He was straining his ears to hear 
the voice again, but there was no sound now except 
for Lockhart telling him he mustnt expect a treat like 
this every time he got detention. Feeling dazed, Harry 
left. 

It was so late that the Gryffindor common room was 
almost empty. Harry went straight up to the 

  134 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




dormitory. Ron wasnt back yet. Harry pulled on his 
pajamas, got into bed, and waited. Half an hour later, 
Ron arrived, nursing his right arm and bringing a 
strong smell of polish into the darkened room. 

My muscles have all seized up, he groaned, sinking 
on his bed. Fourteen times he made me buff up that 
Quidditch Cup before he was satisfied. And then I 
had another slug attack all over a Special Award for 
Services to the School. Took ages to get the slime off. 

. . . How was it with Lockhart? 

Keeping his voice low so as not to wake Neville, Dean, 
and Seamus, Harry told Ron exactly what he had 
heard. 

And Lockhart said he couldnt hear it? said Ron. 
Harry could see him frowning in the moonlight. 

Dyou think he was lying? But I dont get it  even 
someone invisible wouldve had to open the door. 

I know, said Harry, lying back in his fourposter and 
staring at the canopy above him. I dont get it either. 



  135 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




d 




THE DEATHDAY PARTY 

October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the 
grounds and into the castle. Madam Pomfrey, the 
nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds 
among the staff and students. Her Pepperup Potion 
worked instantly, though it left the drinker smoking 
at the ears for several hours afterward. Ginny 
Weasley, who had been looking pale, was bullied into 
taking some by Percy. The steam pouring from under 
her vivid hair gave the impression that her whole 
head was on fire. 

Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle 
windows for days on end; the lake rose, the flower 
beds turned into muddy streams, and Hagrids 
pumpkins swelled to the size of garden sheds. Oliver 
Woods enthusiasm for regular training sessions, 
however, was not dampened, which was why Harry 
was to be found, late one stormy Saturday afternoon 
a few days before Halloween, returning to Gryffindor 
Tower, drenched to the skin and splattered with mud. 
Even aside from the rain and wind it hadnt been a 
happy practice session. Fred and George, who had 
  136 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



been spying on the Slytherin team, had seen for 
themselves the speed of those new Nimbus Two 
Thousand and Ones. They reported that the Slytherin 
team was no more than seven greenish blurs, 
shooting through the air like missiles. 

As Harry squelched along the deserted corridor he 
came across somebody who looked just as 
preoccupied as he was. Nearly Headless Nick, the 
ghost of Gryffindor Tower, was staring morosely out of 
a window, muttering under his breath, "... dont fulfill 
their requirements ... half an inch, if that ... 

Hello, Nick, said Harry. 

Hello, hello, said Nearly Headless Nick, starting and 
looking round. He wore a dashing, plumed hat on his 
long curly hair, and a tunic with a ruff, which 
concealed the fact that his neck was almost 
completely severed. He was pale as smoke, and Harry 
could see right through him to the dark sky and 
torrential rain outside. 

You look troubled, young Potter, said Nick, folding a 
transparent letter as he spoke and tucking it inside 
his doublet. 

So do you, said Harry. 

Ah, Nearly Headless Nick waved an elegant hand, a 
matter of no importance. ... Its not as though I really 
wanted to join. ... Thought Id apply, but apparently I 
dont fulfill requirements   

In spite of his airy tone, there was a look of great 
bitterness on his face. 

But you would think, wouldnt you, he erupted 
suddenly, pulling the letter back out of his pocket, 

  137 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




that getting hit fortyfive times in the neck with a 
blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless 
Hunt? 

Oh  yes, said Harry, who was obviously supposed 
to agree. 

I mean, nobody wishes more than I do that it had all 
been quick and clean, and my head had come off 
properly, I mean, it would have saved me a great deal 
of pain and ridicule. However   Nearly Headless 
Nick shook his letter open and read furiously: 

 We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have 
parted company with their bodies. You will appreciate 
that it would be impossible otherwise for members to 
participate in hunt activities such as Horseback Head 
Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret, 
therefore, that I must inform you that you do not fulfill 
our requirements. With very best wishes, Sir Patrick 
Delaney Podmore.  

Fuming, Nearly Headless Nick stuffed the letter away. 

Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, 
Harry! Most people would think thats good and 
beheaded, but oh, no, its not enough for Sir Properly 
DecapitatedPodmore .  

Nearly Headless Nick took several deep breaths and 
then said, in a far calmer tone, So  whats 
bothering you? Anything I can do? 

No, said Harry. Not unless you know where we can 
get seven free Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for 
our match against Sly   

The rest of Harrys sentence was drowned out by a 
highpitched mewling from somewhere near his 

  138 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




ankles. He looked down and found himself gazing into 
a pair of lamplike yellow eyes. It was Mrs. Norris, the 
skeletal gray cat who was used by the caretaker, 

Argus Filch, as a sort of deputy in his endless battle 
against students. 

Youd better get out of here, Harry, said Nick 
quickly. Filch isnt in a good mood  hes got the flu 
and some third years accidentally plastered frog 
brains all over the ceiling in dungeon five. Hes been 
cleaning all morning, and if he sees you dripping mud 
all over the place   

Right, said Harry, backing away from the accusing 
stare of Mrs. Norris, but not quickly enough. Drawn 
to the spot by the mysterious power that seemed to 
connect him with his foul cat, Argus Filch burst 
suddenly through a tapestry to Harrys right, 
wheezing and looking wildly about for the rule 
breaker. There was a thick tartan scarf bound around 
his head, and his nose was unusually purple. 

Filth! he shouted, his jowls aquiver, his eyes 
popping alarmingly as he pointed at the muddy 
puddle that had dripped from Harrys Quidditch 
robes. Mess and muck everywhere! Ive had enough 
of it, I tell you! Follow me, Potter! 

So Harry waved a gloomy goodbye to Nearly Headless 
Nick and followed Filch back downstairs, doubling the 
number of muddy footprints on the floor. 

Harry had never been inside Filchs office before; it 
was a place most students avoided. The room was 
dingy and windowless, lit by a single oil lamp 
dangling from the low ceiling. A faint smell of fried 
fish lingered about the place. Wooden filing cabinets 
stood around the walls; from their labels, Harry could 
see that they contained details of every pupil Filch 
  139 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




had ever punished. Fred and George Weasley had an 
entire drawer to themselves. A highly polished 
collection of chains and manacles hung on the wall 
behind Filchs desk. It was common knowledge that 
he was always begging Dumbledore to let him 
suspend students by their ankles from the ceiling. 

Filch grabbed a quill from a pot on his desk and 
began shuffling around looking for parchment. 

Dung, he muttered furiously, great sizzling dragon 
bogies ... frog brains ... rat intestines ... Ive had 
enough of it ... make an example ... wheres the form 
... yes ... 

He retrieved a large roll of parchment from his desk 
drawer and stretched it out in front of him, dipping 
his long black quill into the ink pot. 

 Name ... Harry Potter. Crime ... 

It was only a bit of mud! said Harry. 

Its only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me its an 
extra hour scrubbing! shouted Filch, a drip shivering 
unpleasantly at the end of his bulbous nose. Crime 
... befouling the castle ... suggested sentence ... 

Dabbing at his streaming nose, Filch squinted 
unpleasantly at Harry, who waited with bated breath 
for his sentence to fall. 

But as Filch lowered his quill, there was a great 
BANG! on the ceiling of the office, which made the oil 
lamp rattle. 

PEEVES! Filch roared, flinging down his quill in a 
transport of rage. Ill have you this time, Ill have 
you! 

  140 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets  




And without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran 
flatfooted from the office, Mrs. Norris streaking 
alongside him. 

Peeves was the school poltergeist, a grinning, airborne 
menace who lived to cause havoc and distress. Harry 
didnt much like Peeves, but couldnt help feeling 
grateful for his timing. Hopefully, whatever Peeves 
had done (and it sounded as though hed wrecked 
something very big this time) would distract Filch 
from Harry. 

Thinking that he should probably wait for Filch to 
come back, Harry sank into a motheaten chair next 
to the desk. There was only one thing on it apart from 
his halfcompleted form: a large, glossy, purple 
envelope with silver lettering on the front. With a 
quick glance at the door to check that Filch wasnt on 
his way back, Harry picked up the envelope and read: 

KWIKSPELL 

A Correspondence Course in Beginners Magic 

Intrigued, Harry flicked the envelope open and pulled 
out the sheaf of parchment inside. More curly silver 
writing on the front  said: 

Feel out of step in the world of modern magic? Find 
yourself making excuses not to perform simple spells? 
Ever been taunted for your woeful wandwork? 

There is an answer! 

Kwikspell is an allnew, failsafe, quickresult, easy 
learn course. Hundreds of witches and wizards have 
benefited from the Kwikspell method! 



Madam Z. Nettles of Topsham writes: 

  141 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I had no memory for incantations and my potions 
were a family joke! Now, after a Kwikspell course, I am 
the center of attention at parties and friends beg for the 
recipe of my Scintillation Solution! 

Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury says: 

My wife used to sneer at my feeble charms, but one 
month into your fabulous Kwikspell course and I 
succeeded in turning her into a yak! 

Thank you, Kwikspell! 

Fascinated, Harry thumbed through the rest of the 
envelopes contents. Why on earth did Filch want a 
Kwikspell course? Did this mean he wasnt a proper 
wizard? Harry was just reading Lesson One: Holding 
Your Wand (Some Useful Tips) when shuffling 
footsteps outside told him Filch was coming back. 
Stuffing the parchment back into the envelope, Harry 
threw it back onto the desk just as the door opened. 

Filch was looking triumphant. 

That vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable! he 
was saying gleefully to Mrs. Norris. Well have Peeves 
out this time, my sweet   

His eyes fell on Harry and then darted to the 
Kwikspell envelope, which, Harry realized too late, 
was lying two feet away from where it had started. 

Filch s pasty face went brick red. Harry braced 
himself for a tidal wave of fury. Filch hobbled across 
to his desk, snatched up the envelope, and threw it 
into a drawer. 

Have you  did you read  ? he sputtered. 



  142 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




No, Harry lied quickly. 

Filch s knobbly hands were twisting together. 

If I thought youd read my private  not that its 
mine  for a friend  be that as it may  however  



Harry was staring at him, alarmed; Filch had never 
looked madder. His eyes were popping, a tic was 
going in one of his pouchy cheeks, and the tartan 
scarf didnt help. 

Very well  go  and dont breathe a word  not 
that  however, if you didnt read  go now, I have to 
write up Peeves report  go   

Amazed at his luck, Harry sped out of the office, up 
the corridor, and back upstairs. To escape from 
Filch s office without punishment was probably some 
kind of school record. 

Harry! Harry! Did it work? 

Nearly Headless Nick came gliding out of a classroom. 
Behind him, Harry could see the wreckage of a large 
blackandgold cabinet that appeared to have been 
dropped from a great height. 

I persuaded Peeves to crash it right over Filchs 
office, said Nick eagerly. Thought it might distract 
him   



Was that you? said Harry gratefully. Yeah, it 
worked, I didnt even get detention. Thanks, Nick! 

They set off up the corridor together. Nearly Headless 
Nick, Harry noticed, was still holding Sir Patricks 
rejection letter. 

  143 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I wish there was something I could do for you about 
the Headless Hunt, Harry said. 



Nearly Headless Nick stopped in his tracks and Harry 
walked right through him. He wished he hadnt; it 
was like stepping through an icy shower. 

But there is something you could do for me, said 
Nick excitedly. Harry  would I be asking too much 
 but no, you wouldnt want   

What is it? said Harry. 

Well, this Halloween will be my five hundredth 
deathday, said Nearly Headless Nick, drawing 
himself up and looking dignified. 

Oh, said Harry, not sure whether he should look 
sorry or happy about this. Right. 

Im holding a party down in one of the roomier 
dungeons. Friends will be coming from all over the 
country. It would be such an honor if you would 
attend. Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger would be most 
welcome, too, of course  but I daresay youd rather 
go to the school feast? He watched Harry on 
tenterhooks. 

No, said Harry quickly, Ill come   

My dear boy! Harry Potter, at my deathday party! 
And  he hesitated, looking excited  do you think 
you could possibly mention to Sir Patrick how very 
frightening and impressive you find me? 

Of  of course, said Harry. 

Nearly Headless Nick beamed at him. 



  144 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




A deathday party? said Hermione keenly when 
Harry had changed at last and joined her and Ron in 
the common room. I bet there arent many living 
people who can say theyve been to one of those  itll 
be fascinating! 

Why would anyone want to celebrate the day they 
died? said Ron, who was halfway through his Potions 
homework and grumpy. Sounds dead depressing to 
me.... 

Rain was still lashing the windows, which were now 
inky black, but inside all looked bright and cheerful. 
The firelight glowed over the countless squashy 
armchairs where people sat reading, talking, doing 
homework or, in the case of Fred and George Weasley, 
trying to find out what would happen if you fed a 
Filibuster firework to a salamander. Fred had 
rescued the brilliant orange, firedwelling lizard 
from a Care of Magical Creatures class and it was 
now smoldering gently on a table surrounded by a 
knot of curious people. 

Harry was at the point of telling Ron and Hermione 
about Filch and the Kwikspell course when the 
salamander suddenly whizzed into the air, emitting 
loud sparks and bangs as it whirled wildly round the 
room. The sight of Percy bellowing himself hoarse at 
Fred and George, the spectacular display of tangerine 
stars showering from the salamanders mouth, and its 
escape into the fire, with accompanying explosions, 
drove both Filch and the Kwikspell envelope from 
Harrys mind. 

By the time Halloween arrived, Harry was regretting 
his rash promise to go to the deathday party. The rest 
of the school was happily anticipating their Halloween 
feast; the Great Hall had been decorated with the 
usual live bats, Hagrids vast pumpkins had been 
  145 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




carved into lanterns large enough for three men to sit 
in, and there were rumors that Dumbledore had 
booked a troupe of dancing skeletons for the 
entertainment. 

A promise is a promise, Hermione reminded Harry 
bossily. You said youd go to the deathday party. 

So at seven oclock, Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked 
straight past the doorway to the packed Great Hall, 
which was glittering invitingly with gold plates and 
candles, and directed their steps instead toward the 
dungeons. 

The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nicks 
party had been lined with candles, too, though the 
effect was far from cheerful: These were long, thin, 
jetblack tapers, all burning bright blue, casting a 
dim, ghostly light even over their own living faces. The 
temperature dropped with every step they took. As 
Harry shivered and drew his robes tightly around 
him, he heard what sounded like a thousand 
fingernails scraping an enormous blackboard. 

Is that supposed to be music? Ron whispered. They 
turned a corner and saw Nearly Headless Nick 
standing at a doorway hung with black velvet drapes. 

My dear friends, he said mournfully. Welcome, 
welcome ... so pleased you could come. ... 

He swept off his plumed hat and bowed them inside. 

It was an incredible sight. The dungeon was full of 
hundreds of pearlywhite, translucent people, mostly 
drifting around a crowded dance floor, waltzing to the 
dreadful, quavering sound of thirty musical saws, 
played by an orchestra on a raised, blackdraped 
platform. A chandelier overhead blazed midnightblue 
  146 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




with a thousand more black candles. Their breath 
rose in a mist before them; it was like stepping into a 
freezer. 

Shall we have a look around? Harry suggested, 
wanting to warm up his feet. 

Careful not to walk through anyone, said Ron 
nervously, and they set off around the edge of the 
dance floor. They passed a group of gloomy nuns, a 
ragged man wearing chains, and the Fat Friar, a 
cheerful Hufflepuff ghost, who was talking to a knight 
with an arrow sticking out of his forehead. Harry 
wasnt surprised to see that the Bloody Baron, a 
gaunt, staring Slytherin ghost covered in silver 
bloodstains, was being given a wide berth by the 
other ghosts. 

Oh, no, said Hermione, stopping abruptly. Turn 
back, turn back, I dont want to talk to Moaning 
Myrtle   

Who? said Harry as they backtracked quickly. 

She haunts one of the toilets in the girls bathroom 
on the first floor, said Hermione. 

She haunts a toilet ? 

Yes. Its been outoforder all year because she keeps 
having tantrums and flooding the place. I never went 
in there anyway if I could avoid it; its awful trying to 
have a pee with her wailing at you   

Look, food! said Ron. 

On the other side of the dungeon was a long table, 
also covered in black velvet. They approached it 
eagerly but next moment had stopped in their tracks, 

  147 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




horrified. The smell was quite disgusting. Large, 
rotten fish were laid on handsome silver platters; 
cakes, burned charcoalblack, were heaped on 
salvers; there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of 
cheese covered in furry green mold and, in pride of 
place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a 
tombstone, with tarlike icing forming the words, 

SIR NICHOLAS DE MIMSYPORPINGTON 
DIED 3 1 ST OCTOBER, 1 492 

Harry watched, amazed, as a portly ghost approached 
the table, crouched low, and walked through it, his 
mouth held wide so that it passed through one of the 
stinking salmon. 

Can you taste it if you walk through it? Harry asked 
him. 

Almost, said the ghost sadly, and he drifted away. 

I expect theyve let it rot to give it a stronger flavor, 
said Hermione knowledgeably, pinching her nose and 
leaning closer to look at the putrid haggis. 

Can we move? I feel sick, said Ron. 

They had barely turned around, however, when a 
little man swooped suddenly from under the table and 
came to a halt in midair before them. 

Hello, Peeves, said Harry cautiously. 

Unlike the ghosts around them, Peeves the Poltergeist 
was the very reverse of pale and transparent. He was 
wearing a bright orange party hat, a revolving bow tie, 
and a broad grin on his wide, wicked face. 



  148 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Nibbles? he said sweetly, offering them a bowl of 
peanuts covered in fungus. 

No thanks, said Hermione. 

Heard you talking about poor Myrtle, said Peeves, 
his eyes dancing. Rude you was about poor Myrtle. 
He took a deep breath and bellowed, OY! MYRTLE! 

Oh, no, Peeves, dont tell her what I said, shell be 
really upset, Hermione whispered frantically. I didnt 
mean it, I dont mind her  er, hello, Myrtle. 

The squat ghost of a girl had glided over. She had the 
glummest face Harry had ever seen, halfhidden 
behind lank hair and thick, pearly spectacles. 

What? she said sulkily. 

How are you, Myrtle? said Hermione in a falsely 
bright voice. Its nice to see you out of the toilet. 

Myrtle sniffed. 

Miss Granger was just talking about you   said 
Peeves slyly in Myrtles ear. 

Just saying  saying  how nice you look tonight, 
said Hermione, glaring at Peeves. 

Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously. 

Youre making fun of me, she said, silver tears 
welling rapidly in her small, seethrough eyes. 

No  honestly  didnt I just say how nice Myrtles 
looking? said Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron 
painfully in the ribs. 



  149 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Oh, yeah   



She did   

Dont lie to me, Myrtle gasped, tears now flooding 
down her face, while Peeves chuckled happily over her 
shoulder. Dyou think I dont know what people call 
me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle! 
Miserable, moaning, moping Myrtle! 

Youve forgotten pimply, Peeves hissed in her ear. 

Moaning Myrtle burst into anguished sobs and fled 
from the dungeon. Peeves shot after her, pelting her 
with moldy peanuts, yelling, Pimply\ Pimplyl 

Oh, dear, said Hermione sadly. 

Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward them 
through the crowd. 

Enjoying yourselves? 

Oh, yes, they lied. 

Not a bad turnout, said Nearly Headless Nick 
proudly. The Wailing Widow came all the way up 
from Kent. ... Its nearly time for my speech, Id better 
go and warn the orchestra. ... 

The orchestra, however, stopped playing at that very 
moment. They, and everyone else in the dungeon, fell 
silent, looking around in excitement, as a hunting 
horn sounded. 

Oh, here we go, said Nearly Headless Nick bitterly. 

Through the dungeon wall burst a dozen ghost 
horses, each ridden by a headless horseman. The 

  150 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




assembly clapped wildly; Harry started to clap, too, 
but stopped quickly at the sight of Nicks face. 

The horses galloped into the middle of the dance floor 
and halted, rearing and plunging. At the front of the 
pack was a large ghost who held his bearded head 
under his arm, from which position he was blowing 
the horn. The ghost leapt down, lifted his head high 
in the air so he could see over the crowd (everyone 
laughed), and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick, 
squashing his head back onto his neck. 

Nick! he roared. How are you? Head still hanging in 
there? 

He gave a hearty guffaw and clapped Nearly Headless 
Nick on the shoulder. 

Welcome, Patrick, said Nick stiffly. 

Live uns! said Sir Patrick, spotting Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione and giving a huge, fake jump of 
astonishment, so that his head fell off again (the 
crowd howled with laughter). 

Very amusing, said Nearly Headless Nick darkly. 

Dont mind Nick! shouted Sir Patricks head from 
the floor. Still upset we wont let him join the Hunt! 
But I mean to say  look at the fellow   

I think, said Harry hurriedly, at a meaningful look 
from Nick, Nicks very  frightening and  er   

Ha! yelled Sir Patricks head. Bet he asked you to 
say that! 

If I could have everyones attention, its time for my 
speech! said Nearly Headless Nick loudly, striding 

  151 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




toward the podium and climbing into an icy blue 
spotlight. 

My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is 
my great sorrow ... 

But nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the 
rest of the Headless Hunt had just started a game of 
Head Hockey and the crowd were turning to watch. 
Nearly Headless Nick tried vainly to recapture his 
audience, but gave up as Sir Patricks head went 
sailing past him to loud cheers. 

Harry was very cold by now, not to mention hungry. 

I cant stand much more of this, Ron muttered, his 
teeth chattering, as the orchestra ground back into 
action and the ghosts swept back onto the dance 
floor. 

Lets go, Harry agreed. 

They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming 
at anyone who looked at them, and a minute later 
were hurrying back up the passageway full of black 
candles. 

Pudding might not be finished yet, said Ron 
hopefully, leading the way toward the steps to the 
entrance hall. 

And then Harry heard it. 

"... rip ... tear ... kill ... 

It was the same voice, the same cold, murderous 
voice he had heard in Lockharts office. 



  152 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




He stumbled to a halt, clutching at the stone wall, 
listening with all his might, looking around, squinting 
up and down the dimly lit passageway. 

Harry, whatre you  ? 

Its that voice again  shut up a minute   

soo hungry ... for so long ... 

Listen! said Harry urgently, and Ron and Hermione 
froze, watching him. 

... kill ... time to kill ... 

The voice was growing fainter. Harry was sure it was 
moving away  moving upward. A mixture of fear and 
excitement gripped him as he stared at the dark 
ceiling; how could it be moving upward? Was it a 
phantom, to whom stone ceilings didnt matter? 

This way, he shouted, and he began to run, up the 
stairs, into the entrance hall. It was no good hoping to 
hear anything here, the babble of talk from the 
Halloween feast was echoing out of the Great Hall. 
Harry sprinted up the marble staircase to the first 
floor, Ron and Hermione clattering behind him. 

Harry, whatre we   

SHH! 

Harry strained his ears. Distantly, from the floor 
above, and growing fainter still, he heard the voice: 
...I smell blood. ...I SMELL BLOOD\ 

His stomach lurched  



  153 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Its going to kill someone! he shouted, and ignoring 
Rons and Hermiones bewildered faces, he ran up the 
next flight of steps three at a time, trying to listen 
over his own pounding footsteps  

Harry hurtled around the whole of the second floor, 
Ron and Hermione panting behind him, not stopping 
until they turned a corner into the last, deserted 
passage. 

Harry, what was that all about? said Ron, wiping 
sweat off his face. I couldnt hear anything. ... 

But Hermione gave a sudden gasp, pointing down the 
corridor. 

Loo/c! 

Something was shining on the wall ahead. They 
approached slowly, squinting through the darkness. 
Foothigh words had been daubed on the wall 
between two windows, shimmering in the light cast by 
the flaming torches. 

THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED. 
ENEMIES OF THE HEIR, BEWARE. 

Whats that thing  hanging underneath? said Ron, 
a slight quiver in his voice. 

As they edged nearer, Harry almost slipped  there 
was a large puddle of water on the floor; Ron and 
Hermione grabbed him, and they inched toward the 
message, eyes fixed on a dark shadow beneath it. All 
three of them realized what it was at once, and leapt 
backward with a splash. 



  154 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Mrs. Norris, the caretakers cat, was hanging by her 
tail from the torch bracket. She was stiff as a board, 
her eyes wide and staring. 

For a few seconds, they didnt move. Then Ron said, 
Lets get out of here. 

Shouldnt we try and help   Harry began 
awkwardly. 

Trust me, said Ron. We dont want to be found 
here. 

But it was too late. A rumble, as though of distant 
thunder, told them that the feast had just ended. 
From either end of the corridor where they stood 
came the sound of hundreds of feet climbing the 
stairs, and the loud, happy talk of wellfed people; 
next moment, students were crashing into the 
passage from both ends. 

The chatter, the bustle, the noise died suddenly as 
the people in front spotted the hanging cat. Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione stood alone, in the middle of the 
corridor, as silence fell among the mass of students 
pressing forward to see the grisly sight. 

Then someone shouted through the quiet. 

Enemies of the Heir, beware! Youll be next, 
Mudbloods! 

It was Draco Malfoy. He had pushed to the front of 
the crowd, his cold eyes alive, his usually bloodless 
face flushed, as he grinned at the sight of the 
hanging, immobile cat. 



  155 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




9 




THE WRITING ON THE WALL 

Whats going on here? Whats going on? 

Attracted no doubt by Malfoys shout, Argus Filch 
came shouldering his way through the crowd. Then 
he saw Mrs. Norris and fell back, clutching his face in 
horror. 

My cat! My cat! Whats happened to Mrs. Norris? he 
shrieked. 

And his popping eyes fell on Harry. 

You! he screeched. You! Youve murdered my cat! 
Youve killed her! Ill kill you! Ill   

Argus'. 

Dumbledore had arrived on the scene, followed by a 
number of other teachers. In seconds, he had swept 
past Harry, Ron, and Hermione and detached Mrs. 
Norris from the torch bracket. 



  156 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



Come with me, Argus, he said to Filch. You, too, 

Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger. 

Lockhart stepped forward eagerly. 

My office is nearest, Headmaster  just upstairs  
please feel free   

Thank you, Gilderoy, said Dumbledore. 

The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart, 
looking excited and important, hurried after 
Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and 
Snape. 

As they entered Lockharts darkened office there was 
a flurry of movement across the walls; Harry saw 
several of the Lockharts in the pictures dodging out of 
sight, their hair in rollers. The real Lockhart lit the 
candles on his desk and stood back. Dumbledore laid 
Mrs. Norris on the polished surface and began to 
examine her. Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged 
tense looks and sank into chairs outside the pool of 
candlelight, watching. 

The tip of Dumbledore s long, crooked nose was 
barely an inch from Mrs. Norriss fur. He was looking 
at her closely through his halfmoon spectacles, his 
long fingers gently prodding and poking. Professor 
McGonagall was bent almost as close, her eyes 
narrowed. Snape loomed behind them, half in 
shadow, wearing a most peculiar expression: It was 
as though he was trying hard not to smile. And 
Lockhart was hovering around all of them, making 
suggestions. 

It was definitely a curse that killed her  probably 
the Transmogrifian Torture  Ive seen it used many 



  157 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




times, so unlucky I wasnt there, I know the very 
countercurse that would have saved her. ... 

Lockharts comments were punctuated by Filch s dry, 
racking sobs. He was slumped in a chair by the desk, 
unable to look at Mrs. Norris, his face in his hands. 
Much as he detested Filch, Harry couldnt help feeling 
a bit sorry for him, though not nearly as sorry as he 
felt for himself. If Dumbledore believed Filch, he 
would be expelled for sure. 

Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under 
his breath and tapping Mrs. Norris with his wand but 
nothing happened: She continued to look as though 
she had been recently stuffed. 

"... I remember something very similar happening in 
Ouagadougou, said Lockhart, a series of attacks, 
the full storys in my autobiography, I was able to 
provide the townsfolk with various amulets, which 
cleared the matter up at once. ... 

The photographs of Lockhart on the walls were all 
nodding in agreement as he talked. One of them had 
forgotten to remove his hair net. 

At last Dumbledore straightened up. 

Shes not dead, Argus, he said softly. 

Lockhart stopped abruptly in the middle of counting 
the number of murders he had prevented. 

Not dead? choked Filch, looking through his fingers 
at Mrs. Norris. But whys she all  all stiff and 
frozen? 



  158 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




She has been Petrified, said Dumbledore (Ah! I 
thought so! said Lockhart). But how, I cannot say. 



Ask him\ shrieked Filch, turning his blotched and 
tearstained face to Harry. 

No second year could have done this, said 
Dumbledore firmly. It would take Dark Magic of the 
most advanced   

He did it, he did it! Filch spat, his pouchy face 
purpling. You saw what he wrote on the wall! He 
found  in my office  he knows Im a  Im a   
Filch s face worked horribly. He knows Im a Squib! 
he finished. 

I never touched Mrs. Norris! Harry said loudly, 
uncomfortably aware of everyone looking at him, 
including all the Lockharts on the walls. And I dont 
even know what a Squib is. 

Rubbish! snarled Filch. He saw my Kwikspell 
letter! 

If I might speak, Headmaster, said Snape from the 
shadows, and Harrys sense of foreboding increased; 
he was sure nothing Snape had to say was going to 
do him any good. 

Potter and his friends may have simply been in the 
wrong place at the wrong time, he said, a slight sneer 
curling his mouth as though he doubted it. But we 
do have a set of suspicious circumstances here. Why 
was he in the upstairs corridor at all? Why wasnt he 
at the Halloween feast? 



  159 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry, Ron and Hermione all launched into an 
explanation about the deathday party. "... there were 
hundreds of ghosts, theyll tell you we were there   

But why not join the feast afterward? said Snape, 
his black eyes glittering in the candlelight. Why go 
up to that corridor? 

Ron and Hermione looked at Harry. 

Because  because   Harry said, his heart 
thumping very fast; something told him it would 
sound very farfetched if he told them he had been led 
there by a bodiless voice no one but he could hear, 
because we were tired and wanted to go to bed, he 
said. 

Without any supper? said Snape, a triumphant 
smile flickering across his gaunt face. I didnt think 
ghosts provided food fit for living people at their 
parties. 

We werent hungry, said Ron loudly as his stomach 
gave a huge rumble. 

Snapes nasty smile widened. 

I suggest, Headmaster, that Potter is not being 
entirely truthful, he said. It might be a good idea if 
he were deprived of certain privileges until he is ready 
to tell us the whole story. I personally feel he should 
be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he is 
ready to be honest. 

Really, Severus, said Professor McGonagall sharply, 
I see no reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. 
This cat wasnt hit over the head with a broomstick. 
There is no evidence at all that Potter has done 
anything wrong. 

  160 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Dumbledore was giving Harry a searching look. His 
twinkling lightblue gaze made Harry feel as though 
he were being Xrayed. 

Innocent until proven guilty, Severus, he said 
firmly. 

Snape looked furious. So did Filch. 

My cat has been Petrified! he shrieked, his eyes 
popping. I want to see some punishmenti 

We will be able to cure her, Argus, said Dumbledore 
patiently. Professer Sprout recently managed to 
procure some Mandrakes. As soon as they have 
reached their full size, I will have a potion made that 
will revive Mrs. Norris. 

Ill make it, Lockhart butted in. I must have done it 
a hundred times. I could whip up a Mandrake 
Restorative Draught in my sleep   

Excuse me, said Snape icily. But I believe I am the 
Potions master at this school. 

There was a very awkward pause. 

You may go, Dumbledore said to Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione. 

They went, as quickly as they could without actually 
running. When they were a floor up from Lockharts 
office, they turned into an empty classroom and 
closed the door quietly behind them. Harry squinted 
at his friends darkened faces. 

Dyou think I should have told them about that voice 
I heard? 



  161 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




No, said Ron, without hesitation. Hearing voices no 
one else can hear isnt a good sign, even in the 
wizarding world. 

Something in Rons voice made Harry ask, You do 
believe me, dont you? 

 Course I do, said Ron quickly. But  you must 
admit its weird. ... 

I know its weird, said Harry. The whole things 
weird. What was that writing on the wall about? The 
Chamber Has Been Opened. ... Whats that supposed 
to mean? 

You know, it rings a sort of bell, said Ron slowly. I 
think someone told me a story about a secret 
chamber at Hogwarts once ... mightve been Bill. ... 

And what on earths a Squib? said Harry. 

To his surprise, Ron stifled a snigger. 

Well  its not funny really  but as its Filch, he 
said. A Squib is someone who was born into a 
wizarding family but hasnt got any magic powers. 
Kind of the opposite of Muggleborn wizards, but 
Squibs are quite unusual. If Filch s trying to learn 
magic from a Kwikspell course, I reckon he must be a 
Squib. It would explain a lot. Like why he hates 
students so much. Ron gave a satisfied smile. Hes 
bitter. 

A clock chimed somewhere. 

Midnight, said Harry. Wed better get to bed before 
Snape comes along and tries to frame us for 
something else. 



  162 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




For a few days, the school could talk of little else but 
the attack on Mrs. Norris. Filch kept it fresh in 
everyones minds by pacing the spot where she had 
been attacked, as though he thought the attacker 
might come back. Harry had seen him scrubbing the 
message on the wall with Mrs. Skowers AllPurpose 
Magical Mess Remover, but to no effect; the words 
still gleamed as brightly as ever on the stone. When 
Filch wasnt guarding the scene of the crime, he was 
skulking redeyed through the corridors, lunging out 
at unsuspecting students and trying to put them in 
detention for things like breathing loudly and 
looking happy. 

Ginny Weasley seemed very disturbed by Mrs. 

Norriss fate. According to Ron, she was a great cat 
lover. 

But you havent really got to know Mrs. Norris, Ron 
told her bracingly. Honestly, were much better off 
without her. Ginny s lip trembled. Stuff like this 
doesnt often happen at Hogwarts, Ron assured her. 
Theyll catch the maniac who did it and have him out 
of here in no time. I just hope hes got time to Petrify 
Filch before hes expelled. Im only joking   Ron 
added hastily as Ginny blanched. 

The attack had also had an effect on Hermione. It was 
quite usual for Hermione to spend a lot of time 
reading, but she was now doing almost nothing else. 
Nor could Harry and Ron get much response from her 
when they asked what she was up to, and not until 
the following Wednesday did they find out. 

Harry had been held back in Potions, where Snape 
had made him stay behind to scrape tubeworms off 



  163 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




the desks. After a hurried lunch, he went upstairs to 
meet Ron in the library, and saw Justin Finch 
Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology, coming 
toward him. Harry had just opened his mouth to say 
hello when Justin caught sight of him, turned 
abruptly, and sped off in the opposite direction. 

Harry found Ron at the back of the library, measuring 
his History of Magic homework. Professor Binns had 
asked for a threefootlong composition on The 
Medieval Assembly of European Wizards. 

I dont believe it, Im still eight inches short. ... said 
Ron furiously, letting go of his parchment, which 
sprang back into a roll. And Hermiones done four 
feet seven inches and her writings tiny. 

Where is she? asked Harry, grabbing the tape 
measure and unrolling his own homework. 

Somewhere over there, said Ron, pointing along the 
shelves. Looking for another book. I think shes 
trying to read the whole library before Christmas. 

Harry told Ron about Justin FinchFletchley running 
away from him. 

Dunno why you care. I thought he was a bit of an 
idiot, said Ron, scribbling away, making his writing 
as large as possible. All that junk about Lockhart 
being so great   

Hermione emerged from between the bookshelves. 

She looked irritable and at last seemed ready to talk 
to them. 

All the copies of Hogwarts, A History have been taken 
out, she said, sitting down next to Harry and Ron. 
And theres a twoweek waiting list. I wish I hadnt 

  164 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




left my copy at home, but I couldnt fit it in my trunk 
with all the Lockhart books. 



Why do you want it? said Harry. 

The same reason everyone else wants it, said 
Hermione, to read up on the legend of the Chamber 
of Secrets. 

Whats that? said Harry quickly. 

Thats just it. I cant remember, said Hermione, 
biting her lip. And I cant find the story anywhere 
else   

Hermione, let me read your composition, said Ron 
desperately, checking his watch. 

No, I wont, said Hermione, suddenly severe. Youve 
had ten days to finish it   

I only need another two inches, come on   

The bell rang. Ron and Hermione led the way to 
History of Magic, bickering. 

History of Magic was the dullest subject on their 
schedule. Professor Binns, who taught it, was their 
only ghost teacher, and the most exciting thing that 
ever happened in his classes was his entering the 
room through the blackboard. Ancient and shriveled, 
many people said he hadnt noticed he was dead. He 
had simply got up to teach one day and left his body 
behind him in an armchair in front of the staffroom 
fire; his routine had not varied in the slightest since. 

Today was as boring as ever. Professor Binns opened 
his notes and began to read in a flat drone like an old 
vacuum cleaner until nearly everyone in the class was 

  165 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




in a deep stupor, occasionally coming to long enough 
to copy down a name or date, then falling asleep 
again. He had been speaking for half an hour when 
something happened that had never happened before. 
Hermione put up her hand. 

Professor Binns, glancing up in the middle of a deadly 
dull lecture on the International Warlock Convention 
of 1289, looked amazed. 

Miss  er  ? 

Granger, Professor. I was wondering if you could tell 
us anything about the Chamber of Secrets, said 
Hermione in a clear voice. 

Dean Thomas, who had been sitting with his mouth 
hanging open, gazing out of the window, jerked out of 
his trance; Lavender Browns head came up off her 
arms and Neville Longbottoms elbow slipped off his 
desk. 

Professor Binns blinked. 

My subject is History of Magic, he said in his dry, 
wheezy voice. I deal with, facts, Miss Granger, not 
myths and legends. He cleared his throat with a 
small noise like chalk snapping and continued, In 
September of that year, a subcommittee of Sardinian 
sorcerers   

He stuttered to a halt. Hermiones hand was waving 
in the air again. 

Miss Grant? 

Please, sir, dont legends always have a basis in 
fact? 



  166 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Professor Binns was looking at her in such 
amazement, Harry was sure no student had ever 
interrupted him before, alive or dead. 

Well, said Professor Binns slowly, yes, one could 
argue that, I suppose. He peered at Hermione as 
though he had never seen a student properly before. 
However, the legend of which you speak is such a 
very sensational, even ludicrous tale   

But the whole class was now hanging on Professor 
Binns s every word. He looked dimly at them all, every 
face turned to his. Harry could tell he was completely 
thrown by such an unusual show of interest. 

Oh, very well, he said slowly. Let me see ... the 
Chamber of Secrets . . . 

You all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded 
over a thousand years ago  the precise date is 
uncertain  by the four greatest witches and wizards 
of the age. The four school Houses are named after 
them: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena 
Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. They built this 
castle together, far from prying Muggle eyes, for it was 
an age when magic was feared by common people, 
and witches and wizards suffered much persecution. 

He paused, gazed blearily around the room, and 
continued. 

For a few years, the founders worked in harmony 
together, seeking out youngsters who showed signs of 
magic and bringing them to the castle to be educated. 
But then disagreements sprang up between them. A 
rift began to grow between Slytherin and the others. 
Slytherin wished to be more selective about the 
students admitted to Hogwarts. He believed that 
magical learning should be kept within allmagic 
  167 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




families. He disliked taking students of Muggle 
parentage, believing them to be untrustworthy. After 
a while, there was a serious argument on the subject 
between Slytherin and Gryffindor, and Slytherin left 
the school. 

Professor Binns paused again, pursing his lips, 
looking like a wrinkled old tortoise. 

Reliable historical sources tell us this much, he 
said. But these honest facts have been obscured by 
the fanciful legend of the Chamber of Secrets. The 
story goes that Slytherin had built a hidden chamber 
in the castle, of which the other founders knew 
nothing. 

Slytherin, according to the legend, sealed the 
Chamber of Secrets so that none would be able to 
open it until his own true heir arrived at the school. 
The heir alone would be able to unseal the Chamber 
of Secrets, unleash the horror within, and use it to 
purge the school of all who were unworthy to study 
magic. 

There was silence as he finished telling the story, but 
it wasnt the usual, sleepy silence that filled Professor 
Binns s classes. There was unease in the air as 
everyone continued to watch him, hoping for more. 
Professor Binns looked faintly annoyed. 

The whole thing is arrant nonsense, of course, he 
said. Naturally, the school has been searched for 
evidence of such a chamber, many times, by the most 
learned witches and wizards. It does not exist. A tale 
told to frighten the gullible. 

Hermiones hand was back in the air. 



  168 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Sir  what exactly do you mean by the horror 
within the Chamber? 

That is believed to be some sort of monster, which 
the Heir of Slytherin alone can control, said Professor 
Binns in his dry, reedy voice. 

The class exchanged nervous looks. 

I tell you, the thing does not exist, said Professor 
Binns, shuffling his notes. There is no Chamber and 
no monster. 

But, sir, said Seamus Finnigan, if the Chamber can 
only be opened by Slytherins true heir, no one else 
would be able to find it, would they? 

Nonsense, OFlaherty, said Professor Binns in an 
aggravated tone. If a long succession of Hogwarts 
headmasters and headmistresses havent found the 
thing   

But, Professor, piped up Parvati Patil, youd 
probably have to use Dark Magic to open it   

Just because a wizard doesnt use Dark Magic 
doesnt mean he cant, Miss Pennyfeather, snapped 
Professor Binns. I repeat, if the likes of Dumbledore 



But maybe youve got to be related to Slytherin, so 
Dumbledore couldnt   began Dean Thomas, but 
Professor Binns had had enough. 

That will do, he said sharply. It is a myth! It does 
not exist! There is not a shred of evidence that 
Slytherin ever built so much as a secret broom 
cupboard! I regret telling you such a foolish story! We 



  169 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




will return, if you please, to history, to solid, 
believable, verifiable facti 



And within five minutes, the class had sunk back into 
its usual torpor. 

I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old 
loony, Ron told Harry and Hermione as they fought 
their way through the teeming corridors at the end of 
the lesson to drop off their bags before dinner. But I 
never knew he started all this pureblood stuff. I 
wouldnt be in his House if you paid me. Honestly, if 
the Sorting Hat had tried to put me in Slytherin, Idve 
got the train straight back home. ... 

Hermione nodded fervently, but Harry didnt say 
anything. His stomach had just dropped 
unpleasantly. 

Harry had never told Ron and Hermione that the 
Sorting Hat had seriously considered putting him in 
Slytherin. He could remember, as though it were 
yesterday, the small voice that had spoken in his ear 
when hed placed the hat on his head a year before: 
You could be great, you know, its all here in your 
head, and Slytherin would help you on the way to 
greatness, no doubt about that. . . . 

But Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin 
Houses reputation for turning out Dark wizards, had 
thought desperately, Not Slytherin ! and the hat had 
said, Oh, well, if youre sure ... better be Gryffindor. ... 

As they were shunted along in the throng, Colin 
Creevey went past. 

Hiya, Harry! 

Hullo, Colin, said Harry automatically. 

  170 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry  Harry  a boy in my class has been saying 
youre   



But Colin was so small he couldnt fight against the 
tide of people bearing him toward the Great Hall; they 
heard him squeak, See you, Harry! and he was 
gone. 

Whats a boy in his class saying about you? 
Hermione wondered. 

That Im Slytherins heir, I expect, said Harry, his 
stomach dropping another inch or so as he suddenly 
remembered the way Justin FinchFletchley had run 
away from him at lunchtime. 

People herell believe anything, said Ron in disgust. 

The crowd thinned and they were able to climb the 
next staircase without difficulty. 

Dyou really think theres a Chamber of Secrets? 

Ron asked Hermione. 

I dont know, she said, frowning. Dumbledore 
couldnt cure Mrs. Norris, and that makes me think 
that whatever attacked her might not be  well  
human. 

As she spoke, they turned a corner and found 
themselves at the end of the very corridor where the 
attack had happened. They stopped and looked. The 
scene was just as it had been that night, except that 
there was no stiff cat hanging from the torch bracket, 
and an empty chair stood against the wall bearing the 
message The Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened. 

Thats where Filch has been keeping guard, Ron 
muttered. 

  171 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They looked at each other. The corridor was deserted. 



Cant hurt to have a poke around, said Harry, 
dropping his bag and getting to his hands and knees 
so that he could crawl along, searching for clues. 

Scorch marks! he said. Here  and here   

Come and look at this! said Hermione. This is 
funny. ... 

Harry got up and crossed to the window next to the 
message on the wall. Hermione was pointing at the 
topmost pane, where around twenty spiders were 
scuttling, apparently fighting to get through a small 
crack. A long, silvery thread was dangling like a rope, 
as though they had all climbed it in their hurry to get 
outside. 

Have you ever seen spiders act like that? said 
Hermione wonderingly. 

No, said Harry, have you, Ron? Ron? 

He looked over his shoulder. Ron was standing well 
back and seemed to be fighting the impulse to run. 

Whats up? said Harry. 

I  dont  like  spiders, said Ron tensely. 

I never knew that, said Hermione, looking at Ron in 
surprise. Youve used spiders in Potions loads of 
times. ... 

I dont mind them dead, said Ron, who was carefully 
looking anywhere but at the window. I just dont like 
the way they move. ... 

  172 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hermione giggled. 



Its not funny, said Ron, fiercely. If you must know, 
when I was three, Fred turned my  my teddy bear 
into a great big filthy spider because I broke his toy 
broomstick. ... You wouldnt like them either if youd 
been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many 
legs and ... 

He broke off, shuddering. Hermione was obviously 
still trying not to laugh. Feeling they had better get off 
the subject, Harry said, Remember all that water on 
the floor? Where did that come from? Someones 
mopped it up. 

It was about here, said Ron, recovering himself to 
walk a few paces past Filchs chair and pointing. 

Level with this door. 

He reached for the brass doorknob but suddenly 
withdrew his hand as though hed been burned. 

Whats the matter? said Harry. 

Cant go in there, said Ron gruffly. Thats a girls 
toilet. 

Oh, Ron, there wont be anyone in there, said 
Hermione, standing up and coming over. Thats 
Moaning Myrtles place. Come on, lets have a look. 

And ignoring the large OUT OF ORDER sign, she 
opened the door. 

It was the gloomiest, most depressing bathroom Harry 
had ever set foot in. Under a large, cracked, and 
spotted mirror were a row of chipped sinks. The floor 
was damp and reflected the dull light given off by the 
stubs of a few candles, burning low in their holders; 
  173 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




the wooden doors to the stalls were flaking and 
scratched and one of them was dangling off its 
hinges. 

Hermione put her fingers to her lips and set off 
toward the end stall. When she reached it she said, 
Hello, Myrtle, how are you? 

Harry and Ron went to look. Moaning Myrtle was 
floating above the tank of the toilet, picking a spot on 
her chin. 

This is a girls bathroom, she said, eyeing Ron and 
Harry suspiciously. Theyre not girls. 

No, Hermione agreed. I just wanted to show them 
how  er  nice it is in here. 

She waved vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the 
damp floor. 

Ask her if she saw anything, Harry mouthed at 
Hermione. 

What are you whispering? said Myrtle, staring at 
him. 

Nothing, said Harry quickly. We wanted to ask   

I wish people would stop talking behind my back! 
said Myrtle, in a voice choked with tears. I do have 
feelings, you know, even if I am dead   

Myrtle, no one wants to upset you, said Hermione. 
Harry only   

No one wants to upset me! Thats a good one! 
howled Myrtle. My life was nothing but misery at this 
place and now people come along ruining my death! 

  174 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




We wanted to ask you if youve seen anything funny 
lately, said Hermione quickly. Because a cat was 
attacked right outside your front door on Halloween. 

Did you see anyone near here that night? said 
Harry. 

I wasnt paying attention, said Myrtle dramatically. 
Peeves upset me so much I came in here and tried to 
kill myself. Then, of course, I remembered that Im  
that Im   

Already dead, said Ron helpfully. 

Myrtle gave a tragic sob, rose up in the air, turned 
over, and dived headfirst into the toilet, splashing 
water all over them and vanishing from sight, 
although from the direction of her muffled sobs, she 
had come to rest somewhere in the Ubend. 

Harry and Ron stood with their mouths open, but 
Hermione shrugged wearily and said, Honestly, that 
was almost cheerful for Myrtle. ... Come on, lets go. 

Harry had barely closed the door on Myrtles gurgling 
sobs when a loud voice made all three of them jump. 

RON! 

Percy Weasley had stopped dead at the head of the 
stairs, prefect badge agleam, an expression of 
complete shock on his face. 

Thats a girls bathroom! he gasped. What were you 
 ? 

Just having a look around, Ron shrugged. Clues, 
you know   



  175 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Percy swelled in a manner that reminded Harry 
forcefully of Mrs. Weasley. 



Get  away  from  there   Percy said, striding 
toward them and starting to bustle them along, 
flapping his arms. Dont you care what this looks 
like? Coming back here while everyones at dinner   

Why shouldnt we be here? said Ron hotly, stopping 
short and glaring at Percy. Listen, we never laid a 
finger on that cat! 

Thats what I told Ginny, said Percy fiercely, but 
she still seems to think youre going to be expelled, 

Ive never seen her so upset, crying her eyes out, you 
might think of her, all the first years are thoroughly 
overexcited by this business   

 You dont care about Ginny, said Ron, whose ears 
were now reddening. Youre just worried Im going to 
mess up your chances of being Head Boy   

Five points from Gryffindor! Percy said tersely, 
fingering his prefect badge. And I hope it teaches you 
a lesson! No more detective work, or Ill write to 
Mum! 

And he strode off, the back of his neck as red as 
Rons ears. 



Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose seats as far as 
possible from Percy in the common room that night. 
Ron was still in a very bad temper and kept blotting 
his Charms homework. When he reached absently for 
his wand to remove the smudges, it ignited the 
parchment. Fuming almost as much as his 
homework, Ron slammed The Standard Book of 
  176 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Spells, Grade 2 shut. To Harrys surprise, Hermione 
followed suit. 

Who can it be, though? she said in a quiet voice, as 
though continuing a conversation they had just been 
having. Whod want to frighten all the Squibs and 
Muggleborns out of Hogwarts? 

Lets think, said Ron in mock puzzlement. Who do 
we know who thinks Muggleborns are scum? 

He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back, 
unconvinced. 

If youre talking about Malfoy   

Of course I am! said Ron. You heard him  Youll 
be next, MudbloodsV  come on, youve only got to 
look at his foul rat face to know its him   

Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin? said Hermione 
skeptically. 

Look at his family, said Harry, closing his books, 
too. The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin; 
hes always boasting about it. They could easily be 
Slytherins descendants. His fathers definitely evil 
enough. 

They couldve had the key to the Chamber of Secrets 
for centuries! said Ron. Handing it down, father to 
son. ... 

Well, said Hermione cautiously, I suppose its 
possible. ... 

But how do we prove it? said Harry darkly. 



  177 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




There might be a way, said Hermione slowly, 
dropping her voice still further with a quick glance 
across the room at Percy. Of course, it would be 
difficult. And dangerous, very dangerous. Wed be 
breaking about fifty school rules, I expect   

If, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will 
let us know, wont you? said Ron irritably. 

All right, said Hermione coldly. What wed need to 
do is to get inside the Slytherin common room and 
ask Malfoy a few questions without him realizing its 
us. 



But thats impossible, Harry said as Ron laughed. 

No, its not, said Hermione. All wed need would be 
some Polyjuice Potion. 

Whats that? said Ron and Harry together. 

Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago   

Dyou think weve got nothing better to do in Potions 
than listen to Snape? muttered Ron. 

It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it! 
We could change into three of the Slytherins. No one 
would know it was us. Malfoy would probably tell us 
anything. Hes probably boasting about it in the 
Slytherin common room right now, if only we could 
hear him. 

This Polyjuice stuff sounds a bit dodgy to me, said 
Ron, frowning. What if we were stuck looking like 
three of the Slytherins forever? 

It wears off after a while, said Hermione, waving her 
hand impatiently. But getting hold of the recipe will 

  178 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




be very difficult. Snape said it was in a book called 
Moste Potente Potions and its bound to be in the 
Restricted Section of the library. 

There was only one way to get out a book from the 
Restricted Section: You needed a signed note of 
permission from a teacher. 

Hard to see why wed want the book, really, said 
Ron, if we werent going to try and make one of the 
potions. 

I think, said Hermione, that if we made it sound as 
though we were just interested in the theory, we 
might stand a chance. ... 

Oh, come on, no teachers going to fall for that, said 
Ron. Theyd have to be really thick. ... 



  179 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




10 




THE ROGUE BLUDGER 

Since the disastrous episode of the pixies, Professor 
Lockhart had not brought live creatures to class. 
Instead, he read passages from his books to them, 
and sometimes reenacted some of the more dramatic 
bits. He usually picked Harry to help him with these 
reconstructions; so far, Harry had been forced to play 
a simple Transylvanian villager whom Lockhart had 
cured of a Babbling Curse, a yeti with a head cold, 
and a vampire who had been unable to eat anything 
except lettuce since Lockhart had dealt with him. 

Harry was hauled to the front of the class during their 
very next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson, this 
time acting a werewolf. If he hadnt had a very good 
reason for keeping Lockhart in a good mood, he would 
have refused to do it. 

Nice loud howl, Harry  exactly  and then, if youll 
believe it, I pounced  like this  slammed him to 
the floor  thus  with one hand, I managed to hold 
him down  with my other, I put my wand to his 
throat  I then screwed up my remaining strength 
  180 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets  



and performed the immensely complex Homorphus 
Charm  he let out a piteous moan  go on, Harry  
higher than that  good  the fur vanished  the 
fangs shrank  and he turned back into a man. 
Simple, yet effective  and another village will 
remember me forever as the hero who delivered them 
from the monthly terror of werewolf attacks. 

The bell rang and Lockhart got to his feet. 

Homework  compose a poem about my defeat of 
the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical 
Me to the author of the best one! 

The class began to leave. Harry returned to the back 
of the room, where Ron and Hermione were waiting. 

Ready? Harry muttered. 

Wait till everyones gone, said Hermione nervously. 
All right ... 

She approached Lockharts desk, a piece of paper 
clutched tightly in her hand, Harry and Ron right 
behind her. 

Er  Professor Lockhart? Hermione stammered. I 
wanted to  to get this book out of the library. Just 
for background reading. She held out the piece of 
paper, her hand shaking slightly. But the thing is, 
its in the Restricted Section of the library, so I need a 
teacher to sign for it  Im sure it would help me 
understand what you say in Gadding with Ghouls 
about slowacting venoms   

Ah, Gadding with GhoulsV said Lockhart, taking the 
note from Hermione and smiling widely at her. 
Possibly my very favorite book. You enjoyed it? 



  181 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Oh, yes, said Hermione eagerly. So clever, the way 
you trapped that last one with the teastrainer   

Well, Im sure no one will mind me giving the best 
student of the year a little extra help, said Lockhart 
warmly, and he pulled out an enormous peacock 
quill. Yes, nice, isnt it? he said, misreading the 
revolted look on Rons face. I usually save it for book 
signings. 

He scrawled an enormous loopy signature on the note 
and handed it back to Hermione. 

So, Harry, said Lockhart, while Hermione folded the 
note with fumbling fingers and slipped it into her bag. 
Tomorrows the first Quidditch match of the season, I 
believe? Gryffindor against Slytherin, is it not? I hear 
youre a useful player. I was a Seeker, too. I was 
asked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to 
dedicate my life to the eradication of the Dark Forces. 
Still, if ever you feel the need for a little private 
training, dont hesitate to ask. Always happy to pass 
on my expertise to less able players. ... 

Harry made an indistinct noise in his throat and then 
hurried off after Ron and Hermione. 

I dont believe it, he said as the three of them 
examined the signature on the note. He didnt even 
look at the book we wanted. 

Thats because hes a brainless git, said Ron. But 
who cares, weve got what we needed   

He is not a brainless git, said Hermione shrilly as 
they half ran toward the library. 

Just because he said you were the best student of 
the year   

  182 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They dropped their voices as they entered the muffled 
stillness of the library. Madam Pince, the librarian, 
was a thin, irritable woman who looked like an 
underfed vulture. 

Moste Potente Potions? she repeated suspiciously, 
trying to take the note from Hermione; but Hermione 
wouldnt let go. 

I was wondering if I could keep it, she said 
breathlessly. 

Oh, come on, said Ron, wrenching it from her grasp 
and thrusting it at Madam Pince. Well get you 
another autograph. Lockhart ll sign anything if it 
stands still long enough. 

Madam Pince held the note up to the light, as though 
determined to detect a forgery, but it passed the test. 
She stalked away between the lofty shelves and 
returned several minutes later carrying a large and 
moldylooking book. Hermione put it carefully into 
her bag and they left, trying not to walk too quickly or 
look too guilty. 

Five minutes later, they were barricaded in Moaning 
Myrtles outoforder bathroom once again. Hermione 
had overridden Rons objections by pointing out that 
it was the last place anyone in their right minds 
would go, so they were guaranteed some privacy. 
Moaning Myrtle was crying noisily in her stall, but 
they were ignoring her, and she them. 

Hermione opened Moste Potente Potions carefully, and 
the three of them bent over the dampspotted s. 

It was clear from a glance why it belonged in the 
Restricted Section. Some of the potions had effects 
almost too gruesome to think about, and there were 
some very unpleasant illustrations, which included a 
  183 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




man who seemed to have been turned inside out and 
a witch sprouting several extra pairs of arms out of 
her head. 

Here it is, said Hermione excitedly as she found the 
 headed The Polyjuice Potion. It was decorated 
with drawings of people halfway through transforming 
into other people. Harry sincerely hoped the artist 
had imagined the looks of intense pain on their faces. 

This is the most complicated potion Ive ever seen, 
said Hermione as they scanned the recipe. Lacewing 
flies, leeches, fluxweed, and knotgrass, she 
murmured, running her finger down the list of 
ingredients. Well, theyre easy enough, theyre in the 
student storecupboard, we can help ourselves. ... 
Oooh, look, powdered horn of a bicorn  dont know 
where were going to get that  shredded skin of a 
boomslang  thatll be tricky, too  and of course a 
bit of whoever we want to change into. 

Excuse me? said Ron sharply. What dyou mean, a 
bit of whoever were changing into? Im drinking 
nothing with Crabbes toenails in it   

Hermione continued as though she hadnt heard him. 

We dont have to worry about that yet, though, 
because we add those bits last. ... 

Ron turned, speechless, to Harry, who had another 
worry. 

Dyou realize how much were going to have to steal, 
Hermione? Shredded skin of a boomslang, thats 
definitely not in the students cupboard. Whatre we 
going to do, break into Snapes private stores? I dont 
know if this is a good idea. ... 



  184 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hermione shut the book with a snap. 



Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine, she 
said. There were bright pink patches on her cheeks 
and her eyes were brighter than usual.  I dont want 
to break rules, you know. / think threatening Muggle 
borns is far worse than brewing up a difficult potion. 
But if you dont want to find out if its Malfoy, Ill go 
straight to Madam Pince now and hand the book back 
in   



I never thought Id see the day when youd be 
persuading us to break rules, said Ron. All right, 
well do it. But not toenails, okay? 

How long will it take to make, anyway? said Harry 
as Hermione, looking happier, opened the book again. 

Well, since the fluxweed has got to be picked at the 
full moon and the lacewings have got to be stewed for 
twentyone days ... Id say itd be ready in about a 
month, if we can get all the ingredients. 

A month? said Ron. Malfoy could have attacked 
half the Muggleborns in the school by then! But 
Hermione s eyes narrowed dangerously again, and he 
added swiftly, But its the best plan weve got, so full 
steam ahead, I say. 

However, while Hermione was checking that the coast 
was clear for them to leave the bathroom, Ron 
muttered to Harry, Itll be a lot less hassle if you can 
just knock Malfoy off his broom tomorrow. 

Harry woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a 
while thinking about the coming Quidditch match. He 
was nervous, mainly at the thought of what Wood 
would say if Gryffindor lost, but also at the idea of 
facing a team mounted on the fastest racing brooms 
  185 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




gold could buy. He had never wanted to beat 
Slytherin so badly. After half an hour of lying there 
with his insides churning, he got up, dressed, and 
went down to breakfast early, where he found the rest 
of the Gryffindor team huddled at the long, empty 
table, all looking uptight and not speaking much. 

As eleven oclock approached, the whole school 
started to make its way down to the Quidditch 
stadium. It was a muggy sort of day with a hint of 
thunder in the air. Ron and Hermione came hurrying 
over to wish Harry good luck as he entered the locker 
rooms. The team pulled on their scarlet Gryffindor 
robes, then sat down to listen to Woods usual pre 
match pep talk. 

Slytherin has better brooms than us, he began. No 
point denying it. But weve got better people on our 
brooms. Weve trained harder than they have, weve 
been flying in all weathers   (Too true, muttered 
George Weasley. I havent been properly dry since 
August)   and were going to make them rue the 
day they let that little bit of slime, Malfoy, buy his 
way onto their team. 

Chest heaving with emotion, Wood turned to Harry. 

Itll be down to you, Harry, to show them that a 
Seeker has to have something more than a rich 
father. Get to that Snitch before Malfoy or die trying, 
Harry, because weve got to win today, weve got to. 

So no pressure, Harry, said Fred, winking at him. 

As they walked out onto the field, a roar of noise 
greeted them; mainly cheers, because Ravenclaw and 
Hufflepuff were anxious to see Slytherin beaten, but 
the Slytherins in the crowd made their boos and 
hisses heard, too. Madam Hooch, the Quidditch 
  186 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




teacher, asked Flint and Wood to shake hands, which 
they did, giving each other threatening stares and 
gripping rather harder than was necessary. 

On my whistle, said Madam Hooch. Three ... two ... 
one ... 

With a roar from the crowd to speed them upward, 
the fourteen players rose toward the leaden sky. 

Harry flew higher than any of them, squinting around 
for the Snitch. 

All right there, Scarhead? yelled Malfoy, shooting 
underneath him as though to show off the speed of 
his broom. 

Harry had no time to reply. At that very moment, a 
heavy black Bludger came pelting toward him; he 
avoided it so narrowly that he felt it ruffle his hair as 
it passed. 

Close one, Harry! said George, streaking past him 
with his club in his hand, ready to knock the Bludger 
back toward a Slytherin. Harry saw George give the 
Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian 
Pucey, but the Bludger changed direction in midair 
and shot straight for Harry again. 

Harry dropped quickly to avoid it, and George 
managed to hit it hard toward Malfoy. Once again, the 
Bludger swerved like a boomerang and shot at Harrys 
head. 

Harry put on a burst of speed and zoomed toward the 
other end of the field. He could hear the Bludger 
whistling along behind him. What was going on? 
Bludgers never concentrated on one player like this; it 
was their job to try and unseat as many people as 
possible. ... 

  187 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Fred Weasley was waiting for the Bludger at the other 
end. Harry ducked as Fred swung at the Bludger with 
all his might; the Bludger was knocked off course. 

Gotcha! Fred yelled happily, but he was wrong; as 
though it was magnetically attracted to Harry, the 
Bludger pelted after him once more and Harry was 
forced to fly off at full speed. 

It had started to rain; Harry felt heavy drops fall onto 
his face, splattering onto his glasses. He didnt have a 
clue what was going on in the rest of the game until 
he heard Lee Jordan, who was commentating, say, 
Slytherin lead, sixty points to zero   

The Slytherins superior brooms were clearly doing 
their jobs, and meanwhile the mad Bludger was doing 
all it could to knock Harry out of the air. Fred and 
George were now flying so close to him on either side 
that Harry could see nothing at all except their flailing 
arms and had no chance to look for the Snitch, let 
alone catch it. 

Someones  tampered  with  this  Bludger   
Fred grunted, swinging his bat with all his might at it 
as it launched a new attack on Harry. 

We need time out, said George, trying to signal to 
Wood and stop the Bludger breaking Harrys nose at 
the same time. 

Wood had obviously got the message. Madam Hoochs 
whistle rang out and Harry, Fred, and George dived 
for the ground, still trying to avoid the mad Bludger. 

Whats going on? said Wood as the Gryffindor team 
huddled together, while Slytherins in the crowd 
jeered. Were being flattened. Fred, George, where 



  188 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




were you when that Bludger stopped Angelina 
scoring? 

We were twenty feet above her, stopping the other 
Bludger from murdering Harry, Oliver, said George 
angrily. Someones fixed it  it wont leave Harry 
alone. It hasnt gone for anyone else all game. The 
Slytherins must have done something to it. 

But the Bludgers have been locked in Madam 
Hoochs office since our last practice, and there was 
nothing wrong with them then. ... said Wood, 
anxiously. 

Madam Hooch was walking toward them. Over her 
shoulder, Harry could see the Slytherin team jeering 
and pointing in his direction. 

Listen, said Harry as she came nearer and nearer, 
with you two flying around me all the time the only 
way Im going to catch the Snitch is if it flies up my 
sleeve. Go back to the rest of the team and let me deal 
with the rogue one. 

Dont be thick, said Fred. Itll take your head off. 

Wood was looking from Harry to the Weasleys. 

Oliver, this is insane, said Alicia Spinnet angrily. 
You cant let Harry deal with that thing on his own. 
Lets ask for an inquiry   

If we stop now, well have to forfeit the match! said 
Harry. And were not losing to Slytherin just because 
of a crazy Bludger! Come on, Oliver, tell them to leave 
me alone! 



  189 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




This is all your fault, George said angrily to Wood.  
Get the Snitch or die trying, what a stupid thing to 
tell him 



Madam Hooch had joined them. 

Ready to resume play? she asked Wood. 

Wood looked at the determined look on Harrys face. 

All right, he said. Fred, George, you heard Harry  
leave him alone and let him deal with the Bludger on 
his own. 

The rain was falling more heavily now. On Madam 
Hoochs whistle, Harry kicked hard into the air and 
heard the telltale whoosh of the Bludger behind him. 
Higher and higher Harry climbed; he looped and 
swooped, spiraled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slightly 
dizzy, he nevertheless kept his eyes wide open, rain 
was speckling his glasses and ran up his nostrils as 
he hung upside down, avoiding another fierce dive 
from the Bludger. He could hear laughter from the 
crowd; he knew he must look very stupid, but the 
rogue Bludger was heavy and couldnt change 
direction as quickly as Harry could; he began a kind 
of rollercoaster ride around the edges of the stadium, 
squinting through the silver sheets of rain to the 
Gryffindor goal posts, where Adrian Pucey was trying 
to get past Wood  

A whistling in Harrys ear told him the Bludger had 
just missed him again; he turned right over and sped 
in the opposite direction. 

Training for the ballet, Potter? yelled Malfoy as 
Harry was forced to do a stupid kind of twirl in midair 
to dodge the Bludger, and he fled, the Bludger trailing 
a few feet behind him; and then, glaring back at 

  190 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Malfoy in hatred, he saw it  the Golden Snitch. It 
was hovering inches above Malfoys left ear  and 
Malfoy, busy laughing at Harry, hadnt seen it. 

For an agonizing moment, Harry hung in midair, not 
daring to speed toward Malfoy in case he looked up 
and saw the Snitch. 

WHAM. 

He had stayed still a second too long. The Bludger 
had hit him at last, smashed into his elbow, and 
Harry felt his arm break. Dimly, dazed by the searing 
pain in his arm, he slid sideways on his rain 
drenched broom, one knee still crooked over it, his 
right arm dangling useless at his side  the Bludger 
came pelting back for a second attack, this time 
aiming at his face  Harry swerved out of the way, 
one idea firmly lodged in his numb brain: get to 
Malfoy. 

Through a haze of rain and pain he dived for the 
shimmering, sneering face below him and saw its eyes 
widen with fear: Malfoy thought Harry was attacking 
him. 

What the   he gasped, careening out of Harrys 
way. 

Harry took his remaining hand off his broom and 
made a wild snatch; he felt his fingers close on the 
cold Snitch but was now only gripping the broom with 
his legs, and there was a yell from the crowd below as 
he headed straight for the ground, trying hard not to 
pass out. 

With a splattering thud he hit the mud and rolled off 
his broom. His arm was hanging at a very strange 
angle; riddled with pain, he heard, as though from a 

  191 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




distance, a good deal of whistling and shouting. He 
focused on the Snitch clutched in his good hand. 

Aha, he said vaguely. Weve won. 

And he fainted. 

He came around, rain falling on his face, still lying on 
the field, with someone leaning over him. He saw a 
glitter of teeth. 

Oh, no, not you, he moaned. 

Doesnt know what hes saying, said Lockhart loudly 
to the anxious crowd of Gryffindors pressing around 
them. Not to worry, Harry. Im about to fix your 
arm. 

iVo! said Harry. Ill keep it like this, thanks. ... 

He tried to sit up, but the pain was terrible. He heard 
a familiar clicking noise nearby. 

I dont want a photo of this, Colin, he said loudly. 

Lie back, Harry, said Lockhart soothingly. Its a 
simple charm Ive used countless times   

Why cant I just go to the hospital wing? said Harry 
through clenched teeth. 

He should really, Professor, said a muddy Wood, 
who couldnt help grinning even though his Seeker 
was injured. Great capture, Harry, really 
spectacular, your best yet, Id say   

Through the thicket of legs around him, Harry 
spotted Fred and George Weasley, wrestling the rogue 



  192 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Bludger into a box. It was still putting up a terrific 
fight. 

Stand back, said Lockhart, who was rolling up his 
jadegreen sleeves. 

No  dont   said Harry weakly, but Lockhart was 
twirling his wand and a second later had directed it 
straight at Harrys arm. 

A strange and unpleasant sensation started at Harrys 
shoulder and spread all the way down to his 
fingertips. It felt as though his arm was being 
deflated. He didnt dare look at what was happening. 
He had shut his eyes, his face turned away from his 
arm, but his worst fears were realized as the people 
above him gasped and Colin Creevey began clicking 
away madly. His arm didnt hurt anymore  nor did 
it feel remotely like an arm. 

Ah, said Lockhart. Yes. Well, that can sometimes 
happen. But the point is, the bones are no longer 
broken. Thats the thing to bear in mind. So, Harry, 
just toddle up to the hospital wing  ah, Mr. 

Weasley, Miss Granger, would you escort him?  and 
Madam Pomfrey will be able to  er  tidy you up a 
bit. 

As Harry got to his feet, he felt strangely lopsided. 
Taking a deep breath he looked down at his right 
side. What he saw nearly made him pass out again. 

Poking out of the end of his robes was what looked 
like a thick, fleshcolored rubber glove. He tried to 
move his fingers. Nothing happened. 

Lockhart hadnt mended Harrys bones. He had 
removed them. 



  193 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Madam Pomfrey wasnt at all pleased. 

You should have come straight to me! she raged, 
holding up the sad, limp remainder of what, half an 
hour before, had been a working arm. I can mend 
bones in a second  but growing them back   

You will be able to, wont you? said Harry 
desperately. 

Ill be able to, certainly, but it will be painful, said 
Madam Pomfrey grimly, throwing Harry a pair of 
pajamas. Youll have to stay the night. ... 

Hermione waited outside the curtain drawn around 
Harrys bed while Ron helped him into his pajamas. It 
took a while to stuff the rubbery, boneless arm into a 
sleeve. 

How can you stick up for Lockhart now, Hermione, 
eh? Ron called through the curtain as he pulled 
Harrys limp fingers through the cuff. If Harry had 
wanted deboning he would have asked. 

Anyone can make a mistake, said Hermione. And it 
doesnt hurt anymore, does it, Harry? 

No, said Harry, getting into bed. But it doesnt do 
anything else either. 

As he swung himself onto the bed, his arm flapped 
pointlessly. 

Hermione and Madam Pomfrey came around the 
curtain. Madam Pomfrey was holding a large bottle of 
something labeled SkeleGro. 



  194 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Youre in for a rough night, she said, pouring out a 
steaming beakerful and handing it to him. Regrowing 
bones is a nasty business. 

So was taking the SkeleGro. It burned Harrys mouth 
and throat as it went down, making him cough and 
splutter. Still tuttutting about dangerous sports and 
inept teachers, Madam Pomfrey retreated, leaving Ron 
and Hermione to help Harry gulp down some water. 

We won, though, said Ron, a grin breaking across 
his face. That was some catch you made. Malfoys 
face ... he looked ready to kill. ... 

I want to know how he fixed that Bludger, said 
Hermione darkly. 

We can add that to the list of questions well ask him 
when weve taken the Polyjuice Potion, said Harry, 
sinking back onto his pillows. I hope it tastes better 
than this stuff. ... 

If its got bits of Slytherins in it? Youve got to be 
joking, said Ron. 

The door of the hospital wing burst open at that 
moment. Filthy and soaking wet, the rest of the 
Gryffindor team had arrived to see Harry. 

Unbelievable flying, Harry, said George. Ive just 
seen Marcus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about 
having the Snitch on top of his head and not noticing. 
Malfoy didnt seem too happy. 

They had brought cakes, sweets, and bottles of 
pumpkin juice; they gathered around Harrys bed and 
were just getting started on what promised to be a 
good party when Madam Pomfrey came storming over, 



  195 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




shouting, This boy needs rest, hes got thirty three 
bones to regrow! Out! OUT! 

And Harry was left alone, with nothing to distract him 
from the stabbing pains in his limp arm. 

Hours and hours later, Harry woke quite suddenly in 
the pitch blackness and gave a small yelp of pain: His 
arm now felt full of large splinters. For a second, he 
thought that was what had woken him. Then, with a 
thrill of horror, he realized that someone was 
sponging his forehead in the dark. 

Get off! he said loudly, and then, Dobby\ 

The houseelfs goggling tennis ball eyes were peering 
at Harry through the darkness. A single tear was 
running down his long, pointed nose. 

Harry Potter came back to school, he whispered 
miserably. Dobby warned and warned Harry Potter. 
Ah sir, why didnt you heed Dobby? Why didnt Harry 
Potter go back home when he missed the train? 

Harry heaved himself up on his pillows and pushed 
Dobbys sponge away. 

Whatre you doing here? he said. And how did you 
know I missed the train? 

Dobbys lip trembled and Harry was seized by a 
sudden suspicion. 

It was you! he said slowly. You stopped the barrier 
from letting us through! 

Indeed yes, sir, said Dobby, nodding his head 
vigorously, ears flapping. Dobby hid and watched for 
Harry Potter and sealed the gateway and Dobby had 

  196 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




to iron his hands afterward  he showed Harry ten 
long, bandaged fingers  but Dobby didnt care, sir, 
for he thought Harry Potter was safe, and never did 
Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school 
another way! 

He was rocking backward and forward, shaking his 
ugly head. 

Dobby was so shocked when he heard Harry Potter 
was back at Hogwarts, he let his masters dinner 
burn! Such a flogging Dobby never had, sir. ... 

Harry slumped back onto his pillows. 

You nearly got Ron and me expelled, he said 
fiercely. Youd better get lost before my bones come 
back, Dobby, or I might strangle you. 

Dobby smiled weakly. 

Dobby is used to death threats, sir. Dobby gets them 
five times a day at home. 

He blew his nose on a corner of the filthy pillowcase 
he wore, looking so pathetic that Harry felt his anger 
ebb away in spite of himself. 

Why dyou wear that thing, Dobby? he asked 
curiously. 

This, sir? said Dobby, plucking at the pillowcase.  
Tis a mark of the houseelfs enslavement, sir. Dobby 
can only be freed if his masters present him with 
clothes, sir. The family is careful not to pass Dobby 
even a sock, sir, for then he would be free to leave 
their house forever. 



  197 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Dobby mopped his bulging eyes and said suddenly, 
Harry Potter must go home! Dobby thought his 
Bludger would be enough to make   

Your Bludger? said Harry, anger rising once more. 
What dyou mean, your Bludger? You made that 
Bludger try and kill me? 

Not kill you, sir, never kill you! said Dobby, 
shocked. Dobby wants to save Harry Potters life! 
Better sent home, grievously injured, than remain 
here, sir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter hurt 
enough to be sent home! 

Oh, is that all? said Harry angrily. I dont suppose 
youre going to tell me why you wanted me sent home 
in pieces? 

Ah, if Harry Potter only knew! Dobby groaned, more 
tears dripping onto his ragged pillowcase. If he knew 
what he means to us, to the lowly, the enslaved, we 
dregs of the magical world! Dobby remembers how it 
was when HeWhoMustNotBeNamed was at the 
height of his powers, sir! We houseelves were treated 
like vermin, sir! Of course, Dobby is still treated like 
that, sir, he admitted, drying his face on the 
pillowcase. But mostly, sir, life has improved for my 
kind since you triumphed over HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named. Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lords 
power was broken, and it was a new dawn, sir, and 
Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope for those of 
us who thought the Dark days would never end, sir. 

... And now, at Hogwarts, terrible things are to 
happen, are perhaps happening already, and Dobby 
cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history is 
to repeat itself, now that the Chamber of Secrets is 
open once more   



  198 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Dobby froze, horrors truck, then grabbed Harrys 
water jug from his bedside table and cracked it over 
his own head, toppling out of sight. A second later, he 
crawled back onto the bed, crosseyed, muttering, 
Bad Dobby, very bad Dobby ... 

So there is a Chamber of Secrets? Harry whispered. 
And  did you say its been opened before ? Tell me, 
Dobby! 

He seized the elfs bony wrist as Dobbys hand inched 
toward the water jug. But Im not Muggleborn  
how can I be in danger from the Chamber? 

Ah, sir, ask no more, ask no more of poor Dobby, 
stammered the elf, his eyes huge in the dark. Dark 
deeds are planned in this place, but Harry Potter 
must not be here when they happen  go home, 

Harry Potter, go home. Harry Potter must not meddle 
in this, sir, tis too dangerous   

Who is it, Dobby? Harry said, keeping a firm hold on 
Dobbys wrist to stop him from hitting himself with 
the water jug again. Whos opened it? Who opened it 
last time? 

Dobby cant, sir, Dobby cant, Dobby mustnt tell! 
squealed the elf. Go home, Harry Potter, go home! 

Im not going anywhere! said Harry fiercely. One of 
my best friends is Muggleborn; shell be first in line if 
the Chamber really has been opened   

Harry Potter risks his own life for his friends! 
moaned Dobby in a kind of miserable ecstasy. So 
noble! So valiant! But he must save himself, he must, 
Harry Potter must not   



  199 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Dobby suddenly froze, his bat ears quivering. Harry 
heard it, too. There were footsteps coming down the 
passageway outside. 

Dobby must go! breathed the elf, terrified. There 
was a loud crack, and Harrys fist was suddenly 
clenched on thin air. He slumped back into bed, his 
eyes on the dark doorway to the hospital wing as the 
footsteps drew nearer. 

Next moment, Dumbledore was backing into the 
dormitory, wearing a long woolly dressing gown and a 
nightcap. He was carrying one end of what looked like 
a statue. Professor McGonagall appeared a second 
later, carrying its feet. Together, they heaved it onto a 
bed. 

Get Madam Pomfrey, whispered Dumbledore, and 
Professor McGonagall hurried past the end of Harrys 
bed out of sight. Harry lay quite still, pretending to be 
asleep. He heard urgent voices, and then Professor 
McGonagall swept back into view, closely followed by 
Madam Pomfrey, who was pulling a cardigan on over 
her nightdress. He heard a sharp intake of breath. 

What happened? Madam Pomfrey whispered to 
Dumbledore, bending over the statue on the bed. 

Another attack, said Dumbledore. Minerva found 
him on the stairs. 

There was a bunch of grapes next to him, said 
Professor McGonagall. We think he was trying to 
sneak up here to visit Potter. 

Harrys stomach gave a horrible lurch. Slowly and 
carefully, he raised himself a few inches so he could 
look at the statue on the bed. A ray of moonlight lay 
across its staring face. 

  200 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




It was Colin Creevey. His eyes were wide and his 
hands were stuck up in front of him, holding his 
camera. 

Petrified? whispered Madam Pomfrey. 

Yes, said Professor McGonagall. But I shudder to 
think ... If Albus hadnt been on the way downstairs 
for hot chocolate  who knows what might have   

The three of them stared down at Colin. Then 
Dumbledore leaned forward and wrenched the 
camera out of Colins rigid grip. 

You dont think he managed to get a picture of his 
attacker? said Professor McGonagall eagerly. 

Dumbledore didnt answer. He opened the back of the 
camera. 

Good gracious! said Madam Pomfrey. 

A jet of steam had hissed out of the camera. Harry, 
three beds away, caught the acrid smell of burnt 
plastic. 

Melted, said Madam Pomfrey wonderingly. All 
melted ... 

What does this mean, Albus? Professor McGonagall 
asked urgently. 

It means, said Dumbledore, that the Chamber of 
Secrets is indeed open again. 

Madam Pomfrey clapped a hand to her mouth. 
Professor McGonagall stared at Dumbledore. 

But, Albus ... surely ... who? 

  201 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The question is not who, said Dumbledore, his eyes 
on Colin. The question is, how. ... 

And from what Harry could see of Professor 
McGonagalls shadowy face, she didnt understand 
this any better than he did. 



  202 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






THE DUELING CLUB 

Harry woke up on Sunday morning to find the 
dormitory blazing with winter sunlight and his arm 
reboned but very stiff. He sat up quickly and looked 
over at Colins bed, but it had been blocked from view 
by the high curtains Harry had changed behind 
yesterday. Seeing that he was awake, Madam Pomfrey 
came bustling over with a breakfast tray and then 
began bending and stretching his arm and fingers. 

All in order, she said as he clumsily fed himself 
porridge lefthanded. When youve finished eating, 
you may leave. 

Harry dressed as quickly as he could and hurried off 
to Gryffindor Tower, desperate to tell Ron and 
Hermione about Colin and Dobby, but they werent 
there. Harry left to look for them, wondering where 
they could have got to and feeling slightly hurt that 
they werent interested in whether he had his bones 
back or not. 



  203 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



As Harry passed the library, Percy Weasley strolled 
out of it, looking in far better spirits than last time 
theyd met. 

Oh, hello, Harry, he said. Excellent flying 
yesterday, really excellent. Gryffindor has just taken 
the lead for the House Cup  you earned fifty points! 

You havent seen Ron or Hermione, have you? said 
Harry. 

No, I havent, said Percy, his smile fading. I hope 
Rons not in another girls toilet ... 

Harry forced a laugh, watched Percy walk out of sight, 
and then headed straight for Moaning Myrtles 
bathroom. He couldnt see why Ron and Hermione 
would be in there again, but after making sure that 
neither Filch nor any prefects were around, he opened 
the door and heard their voices coming from a locked 
stall. 

Its me, he said, closing the door behind him. There 
was a clunk, a splash, and a gasp from within the 
stall and he saw Hermione s eye peering through the 
keyhole. 

Harry\ she said. You gave us such a fright  come 
in  hows your arm? 

Fine, said Harry, squeezing into the stall. An old 
cauldron was perched on the toilet, and a crackling 
from under the rim told Harry they had lit a fire 
beneath it. Conjuring up portable, waterproof fires 
was a speciality of Hermione s. 

We dve come to meet you, but we decided to get 
started on the Polyjuice Potion, Ron explained as 



  204 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry, with difficulty, locked the stall again. Weve 
decided this is the safest place to hide it. 

Harry started to tell them about Colin, but Hermione 
interrupted. 

We already know  we heard Professor McGonagall 
telling Professor Flitwick this morning. Thats why we 
decided wed better get going   

The sooner we get a confession out of Malfoy, the 
better, snarled Ron. Dyou know what I think? He 
was in such a foul temper after the Quidditch match, 
he took it out on Colin. 

Theres something else, said Harry, watching 
Hermione tearing bundles of knotgrass and throwing 
them into the potion. Dobby came to visit me in the 
middle of the night. 

Ron and Hermione looked up, amazed. Harry told 
them everything Dobby had told him  or hadnt told 
him. Hermione and Ron listened with their mouths 
open. 

The Chamber of Secrets has been opened before? 
Hermione said. 

This settles it, said Ron in a triumphant voice. 
Lucius Malfoy mustve opened the Chamber when he 
was at school here and now hes told dear old Draco 
how to do it. Its obvious. Wish Dobby d told you what 
kind of monsters in there, though. I want to know 
how come nobodys noticed it sneaking around the 
school. 

Maybe it can make itself invisible, said Hermione, 
prodding leeches to the bottom of the cauldron. Or 
maybe it can disguise itself  pretend to be a suit of 

  205 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




armor or something  Ive read about Chameleon 
Ghouls   



You read too much, Hermione, said Ron, pouring 
dead lacewings on top of the leeches. He crumpled up 
the empty lacewing bag and looked at Harry. 

So Dobby stopped us from getting on the train and 
broke your arm. ... He shook his head. You know 
what, Harry? If he doesnt stop trying to save your life 
hes going to kill you. 



k k k 



The news that Colin Creevey had been attacked and 
was now lying as though dead in the hospital wing 
had spread through the entire school by Monday 
morning. The air was suddenly thick with rumor and 
suspicion. The first years were now moving around 
the castle in tightknit groups, as though scared they 
would be attacked if they ventured forth alone. 

Ginny Weasley, who sat next to Colin Creevey in 
Charms, was distraught, but Harry felt that Fred and 
George were going the wrong way about cheering her 
up. They were taking turns covering themselves with 
fur or boils and jumping out at her from behind 
statues. They only stopped when Percy, apoplectic 
with rage, told them he was going to write to Mrs. 
Weasley and tell her Ginny was having nightmares. 

Meanwhile, hidden from the teachers, a roaring trade 
in talismans, amulets, and other protective devices 
was sweeping the school. Neville Longbottom bought 
a large, evilsmelling green onion, a pointed purple 
crystal, and a rotting newt tail before the other 
Gryffindor boys pointed out that he was in no danger; 



  206 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




he was a pureblood, and therefore unlikely to be 
attacked. 

They went for Filch first, Neville said, his round face 
fearful. And everyone knows Im almost a Squib. 

In the second week of December Professor 
McGonagall came around as usual, collecting names 
of those who would be staying at school for 
Christmas. Harry, Ron, and Hermione signed her list; 
they had heard that Malfoy was staying, which struck 
them as very suspicious. The holidays would be the 
perfect time to use the Polyjuice Potion and try to 
worm a confession out of him. 

Unfortunately, the potion was only half finished. They 
still needed the bicorn horn and the boomslang skin, 
and the only place they were going to get them was 
from Snapes private stores. Harry privately felt hed 
rather face Slytherins legendary monster than let 
Snape catch him robbing his office. 

What we need, said Hermione briskly as Thursday 
afternoons double Potions lesson loomed nearer, is a 
diversion. Then one of us can sneak into Snapes 
office and take what we need. 

Harry and Ron looked at her nervously. 

I think Id better do the actual stealing, Hermione 
continued in a matteroffact tone. You two will be 
expelled if you get into any more trouble, and Ive got 
a clean record. So all you need to do is cause enough 
mayhem to keep Snape busy for five minutes or so. 

Harry smiled feebly. Deliberately causing mayhem in 
Snapes Potions class was about as safe as poking a 
sleeping dragon in the eye. 



  207 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Potions lessons took place in one of the large 
dungeons. Thursday afternoons lesson proceeded in 
the usual way. Twenty cauldrons stood steaming 
between the wooden desks, on which stood brass 
scales and jars of ingredients. Snape prowled through 
the fumes, making waspish remarks about the 
Gryffindors work while the Slytherins sniggered 
appreciatively. Draco Malfoy, who was Snapes 
favorite student, kept flicking pufferfish eyes at Ron 
and Harry, who knew that if they retaliated they 
would get detention faster than you could say 
Unfair. 

Harrys Swelling Solution was far too runny, but he 
had his mind on more important things. He was 
waiting for Hermiones signal, and he hardly listened 
as Snape paused to sneer at his watery potion. When 
Snape turned and walked off to bully Neville, 
Hermione caught Harrys eye and nodded. 

Harry ducked swiftly down behind his cauldron, 
pulled one of Freds Filibuster fireworks out of his 
pocket, and gave it a quick prod with his wand. The 
firework began to fizz and sputter. Knowing he had 
only seconds, Harry straightened up, took aim, and 
lobbed it into the air; it landed right on target in 
Goyles cauldron. 

Goyles potion exploded, showering the whole class. 
People shrieked as splashes of the Swelling Solution 
hit them. Malfoy got a faceful and his nose began to 
swell like a balloon; Goyle blundered around, his 
hands over his eyes, which had expanded to the size 
of a dinner plate  Snape was trying to restore calm 
and find out what had happened. Through the 
confusion, Harry saw Hermione slip quietly into 
Snapes office. 



  208 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Silence! SILENCE! Snape roared. Anyone who has 
been splashed, come here for a Deflating Draught  
when I find out who did this   

Harry tried not to laugh as he watched Malfoy hurry 
forward, his head drooping with the weight of a nose 
like a small melon. As half the class lumbered up to 
Snape s desk, some weighted down with arms like 
clubs, others unable to talk through gigantic puffed 
up lips, Harry saw Hermione slide back into the 
dungeon, the front of her robes bulging. 

When everyone had taken a swig of antidote and the 
various swellings had subsided, Snape swept over to 
Goyles cauldron and scooped out the twisted black 
remains of the firework. There was a sudden hush. 

If I ever find out who threw this, Snape whispered, I 
shall make sure that person is expelled. 

Harry arranged his face into what he hoped was a 
puzzled expression. Snape was looking right at him, 
and the bell that rang ten minutes later could not 
have been more welcome. 

He knew it was me, Harry told Ron and Hermione as 
they hurried back to Moaning Myrtles bathroom. I 
could tell. 

Hermione threw the new ingredients into the cauldron 
and began to stir feverishly. 

Itll be ready in two weeks, she said happily. 

Snape cant prove it was you, said Ron reassuringly 
to Harry. What can he do? 

Knowing Snape, something foul, said Harry as the 
potion frothed and bubbled. 

  209 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




A week later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were walking 
across the entrance hall when they saw a small knot 
of people gathered around the notice board, reading a 
piece of parchment that had just been pinned up. 
Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas beckoned them 
over, looking excited. 

Theyre starting a Dueling Club! said Seamus. First 
meeting tonight! I wouldnt mind dueling lessons; 
they might come in handy one of these days. ... 

What, you reckon Slytherins monster can duel? 
said Ron, but he, too, read the sign with interest. 

Could be useful, he said to Harry and Hermione as 
they went into dinner. Shall we go? 

Harry and Hermione were all for it, so at eight oclock 
that evening they hurried back to the Great Hall. The 
long dining tables had vanished and a golden stage 
had appeared along one wall, lit by thousands of 
candles floating overhead. The ceiling was velvety 
black once more and most of the school seemed to be 
packed beneath it, all carrying their wands and 
looking excited. 

I wonder wholl be teaching us? said Hermione as 
they edged into the chattering crowd. Someone told 
me Flitwick was a dueling champion when he was 
young  maybe itll be him. 

As long as its not   Harry began, but he ended on 
a groan: Gilderoy Lockhart was walking onto the 
stage, resplendent in robes of deep plum and 
accompanied by none other than Snape, wearing his 
usual black. 



  210 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Lockhart waved an arm for silence and called, 

Gather round, gather round! Can everyone see me? 
Can you all hear me? Excellent! 

Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me 
permission to start this little dueling club, to train 
you all in case you ever need to defend yourselves as I 
myself have done on countless occasions  for full 
details, see my published works. 

Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape, 
said Lockhart, flashing a wide smile. He tells me he 
knows a tiny little bit about dueling himself and has 
sportingly agreed to help me with a short 
demonstration before we begin. Now, I dont want any 
of you youngsters to worry  youll still have your 
Potions master when Im through with him, never 
fear! 

Wouldnt it be good if they finished each other off? 
Ron muttered in Harrys ear. 

Snape s upper lip was curling. Harry wondered why 
Lockhart was still smiling; if Snape had been looking 
at him like that hed have been running as fast as he 
could in the opposite direction. 

Lockhart and Snape turned to face each other and 
bowed; at least, Lockhart did, with much twirling of 
his hands, whereas Snape jerked his head irritably. 
Then they raised their wands like swords in front of 
them. 

As you see, we are holding our wands in the 
accepted combative position, Lockhart told the silent 
crowd. On the count of three, we will cast our first 
spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course. 



  211 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I wouldnt bet on that, Harry murmured, watching 
Snape baring his teeth. 

One  two  three   

Both of them swung their wands above their heads 
and pointed them at their opponent; Snape cried: 

 ExpelliarmusV There was a dazzling flash of scarlet 
light and Lockhart was blasted off his feet: He flew 
backward off the stage, smashed into the wall, and 
slid down it to sprawl on the floor. 

Malfoy and some of the other Slytherins cheered. 
Hermione was dancing on tiptoes. Do you think hes 
all right? she squealed through her fingers. 

Who cares? said Harry and Ron together. 

Lockhart was getting unsteadily to his feet. His hat 
had fallen off and his wavy hair was standing on end. 

Well, there you have it! he said, tottering back onto 
the platform. That was a Disarming Charm  as you 
see, Ive lost my wand  ah, thank you, Miss Brown 
 yes, an excellent idea to show them that, Professor 
Snape, but if you dont mind my saying so, it was very 
obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to 
stop you it would have been only too easy  however, 

I felt it would be instructive to let them see ... 

Snape was looking murderous. Possibly Lockhart had 
noticed, because he said, Enough demonstrating! Im 
going to come amongst you now and put you all into 
pairs. Professor Snape, if youd like to help me   

They moved through the crowd, matching up 
partners. Lockhart teamed Neville with Justin Finch 
Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry and Ron first. 



  212 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Time to split up the dream team, I think, he 
sneered. Weasley, you can partner Finnigan. Potter 



Harry moved automatically toward Hermione. 

I dont think so, said Snape, smiling coldly. Mr. 
Malfoy, come over here. Lets see what you make of 
the famous Potter. And you, Miss Granger  you can 
partner Miss Bulstrode. 

Malfoy strutted over, smirking. Behind him walked a 
Slytherin girl who reminded Harry of a picture hed 
seen in Holidays with Hags. She was large and square 
and her heavy jaw jutted aggressively. Hermione gave 
her a weak smile that she did not return. 

Face your partners! called Lockhart, back on the 
platform. And bow! 

Harry and Malfoy barely inclined their heads, not 
taking their eyes off each other. 

Wands at the ready! shouted Lockhart. When I 
count to three, cast your charms to disarm your 
opponents  only to disarm them  we dont want 
any accidents  one . . . two . . . three   

Harry swung his wand high, but Malfoy had already 
started on two: His spell hit Harry so hard he felt as 
though hed been hit over the head with a saucepan. 
He stumbled, but everything still seemed to be 
working, and wasting no more time, Harry pointed his 
wand straight at Malfoy and shouted, Rictusempral 

A jet of silver light hit Malfoy in the stomach and he 
doubled up, wheezing. 



  213 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I said disarm only\ Lockhart shouted in alarm over 
the heads of the battling crowd, as Malfoy sank to his 
knees; Harry had hit him with a Tickling Charm, and 
he could barely move for laughing. Harry hung back, 
with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch 
Malfoy while he was on the floor, but this was a 
mistake; gasping for breath, Malfoy pointed his wand 
at Harrys knees, choked, Tarantallegral and the 
next second Harrys legs began to jerk around out of 
his control in a kind of quickstep. 

Stop! Stop! screamed Lockhart, but Snape took 
charge. 

Finite Incantatem\ he shouted; Harrys feet stopped 
dancing, Malfoy stopped laughing, and they were able 
to look up. 

A haze of greenish smoke was hovering over the 
scene. Both Neville and Justin were lying on the floor, 
panting; Ron was holding up an ashenfaced Seamus, 
apologizing for whatever his broken wand had done; 
but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still 
moving; Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and 
Hermione was whimpering in pain; both their wands 
lay forgotten on the floor. Harry leapt forward and 
pulled Millicent off. It was difficult: She was a lot 
bigger than he was. 

Dear, dear, said Lockhart, skittering through the 
crowd, looking at the aftermath of the duels. Up you 
go, Macmillan. ... Careful there, Miss Fawcett. ... 
Pinch it hard, itll stop bleeding in a second, Boot  

I think Id better teach you how to block unfriendly 
spells, said Lockhart, standing flustered in the midst 
of the hall. He glanced at Snape, whose black eyes 
glinted, and looked quickly away. Lets have a 



  214 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




volunteer pair  Longbottom and FinchFletchley, 
how about you   

A bad idea, Professor Lockhart, said Snape, gliding 
over like a large and malevolent bat. Longbottom 
causes devastation with the simplest spells. Well be 
sending whats left of FinchFletchley up to the 
hospital wing in a matchbox. Nevilles round, pink 
face went pinker. How about Malfoy and Potter? 
said Snape with a twisted smile. 

Excellent idea! said Lockhart, gesturing Harry and 
Malfoy into the middle of the hall as the crowd backed 
away to give them room. 

Now, Harry, said Lockhart. When Draco points his 
wand at you, you do this. 

He raised his own wand, attempted a complicated 
sort of wiggling action, and dropped it. Snape smirked 
as Lockhart quickly picked it up, saying, Whoops  
my wand is a little overexcited   

Snape moved closer to Malfoy, bent down, and 
whispered something in his ear. Malfoy smirked, too. 
Harry looked up nervously at Lockhart and said, 
Professor, could you show me that blocking thing 
again? 

Scared? muttered Malfoy, so that Lockhart couldnt 
hear him. 

You wish, said Harry out of the corner of his mouth. 

Lockhart cuffed Harry merrily on the shoulder. Just 
do what I did, Harry! 

What, drop my wand? 



  215 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




But Lockhart wasnt listening. 

Three  two  one  go! he shouted. 

Malfoy raised his wand quickly and bellowed, 

 Serpensortial 

The end of his wand exploded. Harry watched, aghast, 
as a long black snake shot out of it, fell heavily onto 
the floor between them, and raised itself, ready to 
strike. There were screams as the crowd backed 
swiftly away, clearing the floor. 

Dont move, Potter, said Snape lazily, clearly 
enjoying the sight of Harry standing motionless, eye 
to eye with the angry snake. Ill get rid of it. ... 

Allow me! shouted Lockhart. He brandished his 
wand at the snake and there was a loud bang; the 
snake, instead of vanishing, flew ten feet into the air 
and fell back to the floor with a loud smack. Enraged, 
hissing furiously, it slithered straight toward Justin 
FinchFletchley and raised itself again, fangs exposed, 
poised to strike. 

Harry wasnt sure what made him do it. He wasnt 
even aware of deciding to do it. All he knew was that 
his legs were carrying him forward as though he was 
on casters and that he had shouted stupidly at the 
snake, Leave him alone! And miraculously  
inexplicably  the snake slumped to the floor, docile 
as a thick, black garden hose, its eyes now on Harry. 
Harry felt the fear drain out of him. He knew the 
snake wouldnt attack anyone now, though how he 
knew it, he couldnt have explained. 

He looked up at Justin, grinning, expecting to see 
Justin looking relieved, or puzzled, or even grateful  
but certainly not angry and scared. 

  216 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




What do you think youre playing at? he shouted, 
and before Harry could say anything, Justin had 
turned and stormed out of the hall. 

Snape stepped forward, waved his wand, and the 
snake vanished in a small puff of black smoke. 

Snape, too, was looking at Harry in an unexpected 
way: It was a shrewd and calculating look, and Harry 
didnt like it. He was also dimly aware of an ominous 
muttering all around the walls. Then he felt a tugging 
on the back of his robes. 

Come on, said Rons voice in his ear. Move  come 
on 



Ron steered him out of the hall, Hermione hurrying 
alongside them. As they went through the doors, the 
people on either side drew away as though they were 
frightened of catching something. Harry didnt have a 
clue what was going on, and neither Ron nor 
Hermione explained anything until they had dragged 
him all the way up to the empty Gryffindor common 
room. Then Ron pushed Harry into an armchair and 
said, Youre a Parselmouth. Why didnt you tell us? 

Im a what? said Harry. 

A Parselmouth .! said Ron. You can talk to snakes! 

I know, said Harry. I mean, thats only the second 
time Ive ever done it. I accidentally set a boa 
constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the zoo once  
long story  but it was telling me it had never seen 
Brazil and I sort of set it free without meaning to  
that was before I knew I was a wizard   

A boa constrictor told you it had never seen Brazil? 
Ron repeated faintly. 



  217 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




So? said Harry. I bet loads of people here can do it. 



Oh, no they cant, said Ron. Its not a very common 
gift. Harry, this is bad. 

Whats bad? said Harry, starting to feel quite angry. 
Whats wrong with everyone? Listen, if I hadnt told 
that snake not to attack Justin   

Oh, thats what you said to it? 

What dyou mean? You were there  you heard me 



I heard you speaking Parseltongue, said Ron. 

Snake language. You could have been saying 
anything  no wonder Justin panicked, you sounded 
like you were egging the snake on or something  it 
was creepy, you know   

Harry gaped at him. 

I spoke a different language? But  I didnt realize  
how can I speak a language without knowing I can 
speak it? 

Ron shook his head. Both he and Hermione were 
looking as though someone had died. Harry couldnt 
see what was so terrible. 

Dyou want to tell me whats wrong with stopping a 
massive snake biting off Justins head? he said. 
What does it matter how I did it as long as Justin 
doesnt have to join the Headless Hunt? 

It matters, said Hermione, speaking at last in a 
hushed voice, because being able to talk to snakes 
was what Salazar Slytherin was famous for. Thats 
why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent. 

  218 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harrys mouth fell open. 



Exactly, said Ron. And now the whole schools 
going to think youre his greatgreatgreatgreat 
grandson or something   

But Im not, said Harry, with a panic he couldnt 
quite explain. 

Youll find that hard to prove, said Hermione. He 
lived about a thousand years ago; for all we know, 
you could be. 



k k k 



Harry lay awake for hours that night. Through a gap 
in the curtains around his fourposter he watched 
snow starting to drift past the tower window and 
wondered ... 

Could he be a descendant of Salazar Slytherin? He 
didnt know anything about his fathers family, after 
all. The Dursleys had always forbidden questions 
about his wizarding relatives. 

Quietly, Harry tried to say something in Parseltongue. 
The words wouldnt come. It seemed he had to be 
facetoface with a snake to do it. 

But Im in Gryffindor, Harry thought. The Sorting Hat 
wouldnt have put me in here if I had Slytherin blood. 



Ah, said a nasty little voice in his brain, but the 
Sorting Hat wanted to put you in Slytherin, dont you 
remember? 

Harry turned over. Hed see Justin the next day in 
Herbology and hed explain that hed been calling the 

  219 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




snake off, not egging it on, which (he thought angrily, 
pummeling his pillow) any fool should have realized. 

By next morning, however, the snow that had begun 
in the night had turned into a blizzard so thick that 
the last Herbology lesson of the term was canceled: 
Professor Sprout wanted to fit socks and scarves on 
the Mandrakes, a tricky operation she would entrust 
to no one else, now that it was so important for the 
Mandrakes to grow quickly and revive Mrs. Norris and 
Colin Creevey. 

Harry fretted about this next to the fire in the 
Gryffindor common room, while Ron and Hermione 
used their time off to play a game of wizard chess. 

For heavens sake, Harry, said Hermione, 
exasperated, as one of Rons bishops wrestled her 
knight off his horse and dragged him off the board. 

Go and find Justin if its so important to you. 

So Harry got up and left through the portrait hole, 
wondering where Justin might be. 

The castle was darker than it usually was in daytime 
because of the thick, swirling gray snow at every 
window. Shivering, Harry walked past classrooms 
where lessons were taking place, catching snatches of 
what was happening within. Professor McGonagall 
was shouting at someone who, by the sound of it, had 
turned his friend into a badger. Resisting the urge to 
take a look, Harry walked on by, thinking that Justin 
might be using his free time to catch up on some 
work, and deciding to check the library first. 

A group of the Hufflepuffs who should have been in 
Herbology were indeed sitting at the back of the 
library, but they didnt seem to be working. Between 
the long lines of high bookshelves, Harry could see 

  220 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




that their heads were close together and they were 
having what looked like an absorbing conversation. 
He couldnt see whether Justin was among them. He 
was walking toward them when something of what 
they were saying met his ears, and he paused to 
listen, hidden in the Invisibility section. 

So anyway, a stout boy was saying, I told Justin to 
hide up in our dormitory. I mean to say, if Potters 
marked him down as his next victim, its best if he 
keeps a low profile for a while. Of course, Justins 
been waiting for something like this to happen ever 
since he let slip to Potter he was Muggleborn. Justin 
actually told him hed been down for Eton. Thats not 
the kind of thing you bandy about with Slytherins 
heir on the loose, is it? 

You definitely think it is Potter, then, Ernie? said a 
girl with blonde pigtails anxiously. 

Hannah, said the stout boy solemnly, hes a 
Parselmouth. Everyone knows thats the mark of a 
Dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a decent one 
who could talk to snakes? They called Slytherin 
himself Serpenttongue. 

There was some heavy murmuring at this, and Ernie 
went on, Remember what was written on the wall? 
Enemies of the Heir, Beware. Potter had some sort of 
runin with Filch. Next thing we know, Filch s cats 
attacked. That first year, Creevey, was annoying 
Potter at the Quidditch match, taking pictures of him 
while he was lying in the mud. Next thing we know  
Creevey s been attacked. 

He always seems so nice, though, said Hannah 
uncertainly, and, well, hes the one who made You 
KnowWho disappear. He cant be all bad, can he? 



  221 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ernie lowered his voice mysteriously, the Hufflepuffs 
bent closer, and Harry edged nearer so that he could 
catch Ernies words. 

No one knows how he survived that attack by You 
KnowWho. I mean to say, he was only a baby when it 
happened. He should have been blasted into 
smithereens. Only a really powerful Dark wizard 
could have survived a curse like that. He dropped his 
voice until it was barely more than a whisper, and 
said,  Thats probably why YouKnowWho wanted to 
kill him in the first place. Didnt want another Dark 
Lord competing with him. I wonder what other powers 
Potters been hiding? 

Harry couldnt take anymore. Clearing his throat 
loudly, he stepped out from behind the bookshelves. 

If he hadnt been feeling so angry, he would have 
found the sight that greeted him funny: Every one of 
the Hufflepuffs looked as though they had been 
Petrified by the sight of him, and the color was 
draining out of Ernies face. 

Hello, said Harry. Im looking for Justin Finch 
Fletchley. 

The Hufflepuffs worst fears had clearly been 
confirmed. They all looked fearfully at Ernie. 

What do you want with him? said Ernie in a 
quavering voice. 

I wanted to tell him what really happened with that 
snake at the Dueling Club, said Harry. 

Ernie bit his white lips and then, taking a deep 
breath, said, We were all there. We saw what 
happened. 



  222 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Then you noticed that after I spoke to it, the snake 
backed off? said Harry. 

All I saw, said Ernie stubbornly, though he was 
trembling as he spoke, was you speaking 
Parseltongue and chasing the snake toward Justin. 

I didnt chase it at him! Harry said, his voice 
shaking with anger. It didnt even touch him! 

It was a very near miss, said Ernie. And in case 
youre getting ideas, he added hastily, I might tell 
you that you can trace my family back through nine 
generations of witches and warlocks and my bloods 
as pure as anyones, so   

I dont care what sort of blood youve got! said Harry 
fiercely. Why would I want to attack Muggleborns? 

Ive heard you hate those Muggles you live with, said 
Ernie swiftly. 

Its not possible to live with the Dursleys and not 
hate them, said Harry. Id like to see you try it. 

He turned on his heel and stormed out of the library, 
earning himself a reproving glare from Madam Pince, 
who was polishing the gilded cover of a large 
spellbook. 

Harry blundered up the corridor, barely noticing 
where he was going, he was in such a fury. The result 
was that he walked into something very large and 
solid, which knocked him backward onto the floor. 

Oh, hello, Hagrid, Harry said, looking up. 

Hagrids face was entirely hidden by a woolly, snow 
covered balaclava, but it couldnt possibly be anyone 

  223 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




else, as he filled most of the corridor in his moleskin 
overcoat. A dead rooster was hanging from one of his 
massive, gloved hands. 

All righ, Harry? he said, pulling up the balaclava so 
he could speak. Why arent yeh in class? 

Canceled, said Harry, getting up. Whatre you doing 
in here? 

Hagrid held up the limp rooster. 

Second one killed this term, he explained. Its 
either foxes or a BloodSuckin Bugbear, an I need 
the headmasters permission ter put a charm around 
the hen coop. 

He peered more closely at Harry from under his thick, 
snowflecked eyebrows. 

Yeh sure yehre all righ? Yeh look all hot an 
bothered   

Harry couldnt bring himself to repeat what Ernie and 
the rest of the Hufflepuffs had been saying about him. 

Its nothing, he said. Id better get going, Hagrid, its 
Transfiguration next and Ive got to pick up my 
books. 

He walked off, his mind still full of what Ernie had 
said about him. 

Justins been waiting for something like this to 
happen ever since he let slip to Potter he was Muggle 
born. ... 

Harry stamped up the stairs and turned along 
another corridor, which was particularly dark; the 

  224 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




torches had been extinguished by a strong, icy draft 
that was blowing through a loose windowpane. He 
was halfway down the passage when he tripped 
headlong over something lying on the floor. 

He turned to squint at what hed fallen over and felt 
as though his stomach had dissolved. 

Justin FinchFletchley was lying on the floor, rigid 
and cold, a look of shock frozen on his face, his eyes 
staring blankly at the ceiling. And that wasnt all. 

Next to him was another figure, the strangest sight 
Harry had ever seen. 

It was Nearly Headless Nick, no longer pearlywhite 
and transparent, but black and smoky, floating 
immobile and horizontal, six inches off the floor. His 
head was half off and his face wore an expression of 
shock identical to Justins. 

Harry got to his feet, his breathing fast and shallow, 
his heart doing a kind of drumroll against his ribs. He 
looked wildly up and down the deserted corridor and 
saw a line of spiders scuttling as fast as they could 
away from the bodies. The only sounds were the 
muffled voices of teachers from the classes on either 
side. 

He could run, and no one would ever know he had 
been there. But he couldnt just leave them lying 
here. ... He had to get help. ... Would anyone believe 
he hadnt had anything to do with this? 

As he stood there, panicking, a door right next to him 
opened with a bang. Peeves the Poltergeist came 
shooting out. 



  225 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Why, its potty wee Potter! cackled Peeves, knocking 
Harrys glasses askew as he bounced past him. 
Whats Potter up to? Whys Potter lurking   

Peeves stopped, halfway through a midair somersault. 
Upside down, he spotted Justin and Nearly Headless 
Nick. He flipped the right way up, filled his lungs and, 
before Harry could stop him, screamed, ATTACK! 
ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL OR 
GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! 
ATTAAAACK! 

Crash  crash  crash  door after door flew open 
along the corridor and people flooded out. For several 
long minutes, there was a scene of such confusion 
that Justin was in danger of being squashed and 
people kept standing in Nearly Headless Nick. Harry 
found himself pinned against the wall as the teachers 
shouted for quiet. Professor McGonagall came 
running, followed by her own class, one of whom still 
had blackandwhite striped hair. She used her wand 
to set off a loud bang, which restored silence, and 
ordered everyone back into their classes. No sooner 
had the scene cleared somewhat than Ernie the 
Hufflepuff arrived, panting, on the scene. 

 Caught in the act! Ernie yelled, his face stark white, 
pointing his finger dramatically at Harry. 

That will do, Macmillan! said Professor McGonagall 
sharply. 

Peeves was bobbing overhead, now grinning wickedly, 
surveying the scene; Peeves always loved chaos. As 
the teachers bent over Justin and Nearly Headless 
Nick, examining them, Peeves broke into song: 

Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done, 



  226 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Youre killing off students, you think its good fun   



Thats enough, Peeves! barked Professor 
McGonagall, and Peeves zoomed away backward, with 
his tongue out at Harry. 

Justin was carried up to the hospital wing by 
Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra of the 
Astronomy department, but nobody seemed to know 
what to do for Nearly Headless Nick. In the end, 
Professor McGonagall conjured a large fan out of thin 
air, which she gave to Ernie with instructions to waft 
Nearly Headless Nick up the stairs. This Ernie did, 
fanning Nick along like a silent black hovercraft. This 
left Harry and Professor McGonagall alone together. 

This way, Potter, she said. 

Professor, said Harry at once, I swear I didnt   

This is out of my hands, Potter, said Professor 
McGonagall curtly. 

They marched in silence around a corner and she 
stopped before a large and extremely ugly stone 
gargoyle. 

Lemon drop! she said. This was evidently a 
password, because the gargoyle sprang suddenly to 
life and hopped aside as the wall behind him split in 
two. Even full of dread for what was coming, Harry 
couldnt fail to be amazed. Behind the wall was a 
spiral staircase that was moving smoothly upward, 
like an escalator. As he and Professor McGonagall 
stepped onto it, Harry heard the wall thud closed 
behind them. They rose upward in circles, higher and 
higher, until at last, slightly dizzy, Harry saw a 
gleaming oak door ahead, with a brass knocker in the 
shape of a griffin. 

  227 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




He knew now where he was being taken. This must be 
where Dumbledore lived. 



  228 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   





THE POLY JUICE POTION 

They stepped off the stone staircase at the top, and 
Professor McGonagall rapped on the door. It opened 
silently and they entered. Professor McGonagall told 
Harry to wait and left him there, alone. 

Harry looked around. One thing was certain: of all the 
teachers offices Harry had visited so far this year, 
Dumbledores was by far the most interesting. If he 
hadnt been scared out of his wits that he was about 
to be thrown out of school, he would have been very 
pleased to have a chance to look around it. 

It was a large and beautiful circular room, full of 
funny little noises. A number of curious silver 
instruments stood on spindlelegged tables, whirring 
and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were 
covered with portraits of old headmasters and 
headmistresses, all of whom were snoozing gently in 
their frames. There was also an enormous, claw 
footed desk, and, sitting on a shelf behind it, a 
shabby, tattered wizards hat  the Sorting Hat 



  229 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



Harry hesitated. He cast a wary eye around the 
sleeping witches and wizards on the walls. Surely it 
couldnt hurt if he took the hat down and tried it on 
again? Just to see ... just to make sure it had put him 
in the right House  

He walked quietly around the desk, lifted the hat from 
its shelf, and lowered it slowly onto his head. It was 
much too large and slipped down over his eyes, just 
as it had done the last time hed put it on. Harry 
stared at the black inside of the hat, waiting. Then a 
small voice said in his ear, Bee in your bonnet, Harry 
Potter? 

Er, yes, Harry muttered. Er  sorry to bother you 
 I wanted to ask   

Youve been wondering whether I put you in the right 
House, said the hat smartly. Yes ... you were 
particularly difficult to place. But I stand by what I 
said before  Harrys heart leapt  you would have 
done well in Slytherin   

Harrys stomach plummeted. He grabbed the point of 
the hat and pulled it off. It hung limply in his hand, 
grubby and faded. Harry pushed it back onto its 
shelf, feeling sick. 

Youre wrong, he said aloud to the still and silent 
hat. It didnt move. Harry backed away, watching it. 
Then a strange, gagging noise behind him made him 
wheel around. 

He wasnt alone after all. Standing on a golden perch 
behind the door was a decrepitlooking bird that 
resembled a halfplucked turkey. Harry stared at it 
and the bird looked balefully back, making its gagging 
noise again. Harry thought it looked very ill. Its eyes 



  230 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




were dull and, even as Harry watched, a couple more 
feathers fell out of its tail. 

Harry was just thinking that all he needed was for 
Dumbledore s pet bird to die while he was alone in 
the office with it, when the bird burst into flames. 

Harry yelled in shock and backed away into the desk. 
He looked feverishly around in case there was a glass 
of water somewhere but couldnt see one; the bird, 
meanwhile, had become a fireball; it gave one loud 
shriek and next second there was nothing but a 
smoldering pile of ash on the floor. 

The office door opened. Dumbledore came in, looking 
very somber. 

Professor, Harry gasped. Your bird  I couldnt do 
anything  he just caught fire   

To Harrys astonishment, Dumbledore smiled. 

About time, too, he said. Hes been looking dreadful 
for days; Ive been telling him to get a move on. 

He chuckled at the stunned look on Harrys face. 

Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. Phoenixes burst into 
flame when it is time for them to die and are reborn 
from the ashes. Watch him ... 

Harry looked down in time to see a tiny, wrinkled, 
newborn bird poke its head out of the ashes. It was 
quite as ugly as the old one. 

Its a shame you had to see him on a Burning Day, 
said Dumbledore, seating himself behind his desk. 
Hes really very handsome most of the time, 
wonderful red and gold plumage. Fascinating 

  231 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




creatures, phoenixes. They can carry immensely 
heavy loads, their tears have healing powers, and 
they make highly faithful pets. 

In the shock of Fawkes catching fire, Harry had 
forgotten what he was there for, but it all came back 
to him as Dumbledore settled himself in the high 
chair behind the desk and fixed Harry with his 
penetrating, lightblue stare. 

Before Dumbledore could speak another word, 
however, the door of the office flew open with an 
almighty bang and Hagrid burst in, a wild look in his 
eyes, his balaclava perched on top of his shaggy black 
head and the dead rooster still swinging from his 
hand. 

It wasn Harry, Professor Dumbledore! said Hagrid 
urgently. I was talkin ter him seconds before that 
kid was found, he never had time, sir   

Dumbledore tried to say something, but Hagrid went 
ranting on, waving the rooster around in his 
agitation, sending feathers everywhere. 

  it cantve bin him, Ill swear it in front o the 
Ministry o Magic if I have to   

Hagrid, I   

  yehve got the wrong boy, sir, I know Harry never 



Hagridl said Dumbledore loudly. I do not think that 
Harry attacked those people. 

Oh, said Hagrid, the rooster falling limply at his 
side. Right. Ill wait outside then, Headmaster. 



  232 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And he stomped out looking embarrassed. 

You dont think it was me, Professor? Harry 
repeated hopefully as Dumbledore brushed rooster 
feathers off his desk. 

No, Harry, I dont, said Dumbledore, though his face 
was somber again. But I still want to talk to you. 

Harry waited nervously while Dumbledore considered 
him, the tips of his long fingers together. 

I must ask you, Harry, whether there is anything 
youd like to tell me, he said gently. Anything at all. 

Harry didnt know what to say. He thought of Malfoy 
shouting, Youll be next, Mudbloods! and of the 
Polyjuice Potion simmering away in Moaning Myrtles 
bathroom. Then he thought of the disembodied voice 
he had heard twice and remembered what Ron had 
said:  Hearing voices no one else can hear isnt a good 
sign, even in the wizarding world. He thought, too, 
about what everyone was saying about him, and his 
growing dread that he was somehow connected with 
Salazar Slytherin. ... 

No, said Harry. There isnt anything, Professor. ... 

The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless 
Nick turned what had hitherto been nervousness into 
real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly Headless Nicks 
fate that seemed to worry people most. What could 
possibly do that to a ghost? people asked each other; 
what terrible power could harm someone who was 
already dead? There was almost a stampede to book 
seats on the Hogwarts Express so that students could 
go home for Christmas. 



  233 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




At this rate, well be the only ones left, Ron told 
Harry and Hermione. Us, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. 
What a jolly holiday its going to be. 

Crabbe and Goyle, who always did whatever Malfoy 
did, had signed up to stay over the holidays, too. But 
Harry was glad that most people were leaving. He was 
tired of people skirting around him in the corridors, 
as though he were about to sprout fangs or spit 
poison; tired of all the muttering, pointing, and 
hissing as he passed. 

Fred and George, however, found all this very funny. 
They went out of their way to march ahead of Harry 
down the corridors, shouting, Make way for the Heir 
of Slytherin, seriously evil wizard coming through. ... 

Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior. 

It is not a laughing matter, he said coldly. 

Oh, get out of the way, Percy, said Fred. Harrys in 
a hurry. 

Yeah, hes off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of 
tea with his fanged servant, said George, chortling. 

Ginny didnt find it amusing either. 

Oh, dont, she wailed every time Fred asked Harry 
loudly who he was planning to attack next, or when 
George pretended to ward Harry off with a large clove 
of garlic when they met. 

Harry didnt mind; it made him feel better that Fred 
and George, at least, thought the idea of his being 
Slytherin s heir was quite ludicrous. But their antics 
seemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy, who looked 
increasingly sour each time he saw them at it. 

  234 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Its because hes bursting to say its really him, said 
Ron knowingly. You know how he hates anyone 
beating him at anything, and youre getting all the 
credit for his dirty work. 

Not for long, said Hermione in a satisfied tone. The 
Polyjuice Potions nearly ready. Well be getting the 
truth out of him any day now. 

At last the term ended, and a silence deep as the 
snow on the grounds descended on the castle. Harry 
found it peaceful, rather than gloomy, and enjoyed 
the fact that he, Hermione, and the Weasleys had the 
run of Gryffindor Tower, which meant they could play 
Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone, and 
practice dueling in private. Fred, George, and Ginny 
had chosen to stay at school rather than visit Bill in 
Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Percy, who 
disapproved of what he termed their childish 
behavior, didnt spend much time in the Gryffindor 
common room. He had already told them pompously 
that he was only staying over Christmas because it 
was his duty as a prefect to support the teachers 
during this troubled time. 

Christmas morning dawned, cold and white. Harry 
and Ron, the only ones left in their dormitory, were 
woken very early by Hermione, who burst in, fully 
dressed and carrying presents for them both. 

Wake up, she said loudly, pulling back the curtains 
at the window. 

Hermione  youre not supposed to be in here   
said Ron, shielding his eyes against the light. 

Merry Christmas to you, too, said Hermione, 
throwing him his present. Ive been up for nearly an 



  235 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




hour, adding more lacewings to the potion. Its 
ready. 

Harry sat up, suddenly wide awake. 

Are you sure? 

Positive, said Hermione, shirting Scabbers the rat so 
that she could sit down on the end of Rons four 
poster. If were going to do it, I say it should be 
tonight. 

At that moment, Hedwig swooped into the room, 
carrying a very small package in her beak. 

Hello, said Harry happily as she landed on his bed. 
Are you speaking to me again? 

She nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way, 
which was a far better present than the one that she 
had brought him, which turned out to be from the 
Dursleys. They had sent Harry a toothpick and a note 
telling him to find out whether hed be able to stay at 
Hogwarts for the summer vacation, too. 

The rest of Harrys Christmas presents were far more 
satisfactory. Hagrid had sent him a large tin of treacle 
toffee, which Harry decided to soften by the fire before 
eating; Ron had given him a book called Flying with 
the Cannons, a book of interesting facts about his 
favorite Quidditch team, and Hermione had bought 
him a luxury eaglefeather quill. Harry opened the 
last present to find a new, handknitted sweater from 
Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card 
with a fresh surge of guilt, thinking about Mr. 
Weasleys car (which hadnt been seen since its crash 
with the Whomping Willow), and the bout of rule 
breaking he and Ron were planning next. 



  236 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




No one, not even someone dreading taking Polyjuice 
Potion later, could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at 
Hogwarts. 

The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were 
there a dozen frostcovered Christmas trees and thick 
streamers of holly and mistletoe crisscrossing the 
ceiling, but enchanted snow was falling, warm and 
dry, from the ceiling. Dumbledore led them in a few of 
his favorite carols, Hagrid booming more and more 
loudly with every goblet of eggnog he consumed. 

Percy, who hadnt noticed that Fred had bewitched 
his prefect badge so that it now read Pinhead, kept 
asking them all what they were sniggering at. Harry 
didnt even care that Draco Malfoy was making loud, 
snide remarks about his new sweater from the 
Slytherin table. With a bit of luck, Malfoy would be 
getting his comeuppance in a few hours time. 

Harry and Ron had barely finished their third 
helpings of Christmas pudding when Hermione 
ushered them out of the hall to finalize their plans for 
the evening. 

We still need a bit of the people youre changing 
into, said Hermione matteroffactly, as though she 
were sending them to the supermarket for laundry 
detergent. And obviously, itll be best if you can get 
something of Crabbes and Goyles; theyre Malfoys 
best friends, hell tell them anything. And we also 
need to make sure the real Crabbe and Goyle cant 
burst in on us while were interrogating him. 

Ive got it all worked out, she went on smoothly, 
ignoring Harrys and Rons stupefied faces. She held 
up two plump chocolate cakes. Ive filled these with a 
simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is make 
sure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how 
greedy they are, theyre bound to eat them. Once 
  237 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




theyre asleep, pull out a few of their hairs and hide 
them in a broom closet. 

Harry and Ron looked incredulously at each other. 

Hermione, I dont think   

That could go seriously wrong   

But Hermione had a steely glint in her eye not unlike 
the one Professor McGonagall sometimes had. 

The potion will be useless without Crabbes and 
Goyles hair, she said sternly. You do want to 
investigate Malfoy, dont you? 

Oh, all right, all right, said Harry. But what about 
you? Whose hair are you ripping out? 

Ive already got mine! said Hermione brightly, 
pulling a tiny bottle out of her pocket and showing 
them the single hair inside it. Remember Millicent 
Bulstrode wrestling with me at the Dueling Club? She 
left this on my robes when she was trying to strangle 
me! And shes gone home for Christmas  so Ill just 
have to tell the Slytherins Ive decided to come back. 

When Hermione had bustled off to check on the 
Polyjuice Potion again, Ron turned to Harry with a 
doomladen expression. 

Have you ever heard of a plan where so many things 
could go wrong? 

But to Harrys and Rons utter amazement, stage one 
of the operation went just as smoothly as Hermione 
had said. They lurked in the deserted entrance hall 
after Christmas tea, waiting for Crabbe and Goyle 
who had remained alone at the Slytherin table, 

  238 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




shoveling down fourth helpings of trifle. Harry had 
perched the chocolate cakes on the end of the 
banisters. When they spotted Crabbe and Goyle 
coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid 
quickly behind a suit of armor next to the front door. 

How thick can you get? Ron whispered ecstatically 
as Crabbe gleefully pointed out the cakes to Goyle 
and grabbed them. Grinning stupidly, they stuffed the 
cakes whole into their large mouths. For a moment, 
both of them chewed greedily, looks of triumph on 
their faces. Then, without the smallest change of 
expression, they both keeled over backward onto the 
floor. 

By far the hardest part was hiding them in the closet 
across the hall. Once they were safely stowed among 
the buckets and mops, Harry yanked out a couple of 
the bristles that covered Goyle s forehead and Ron 
pulled out several of Crabbe s hairs. They also stole 
their shoes, because their own were far too small for 
Crabbe and Goylesize feet. Then, still stunned at 
what they had just done, they sprinted up to Moaning 
Myrtles bathroom. 

They could hardly see for the thick black smoke 
issuing from the stall in which Hermione was stirring 
the cauldron. Pulling their robes up over their faces, 
Harry and Ron knocked softly on the door. 

Hermione? 

They heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione 
emerged, shinyfaced and looking anxious. Behind 
her they heard the gloop gloop of the bubbling, 
glutinous potion. Three glass tumblers stood ready on 
the toilet seat. 

Did you get them? Hermione asked breathlessly. 

  239 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry showed her Goyles hair. 



Good. And I sneaked these spare robes out of the 
laundry, Hermione said, holding up a small sack. 
Youll need bigger sizes once youre Crabbe and 
Goyle. 

The three of them stared into the cauldron. Close up, 
the potion looked like thick, dark mud, bubbling 
sluggishly. 

Im sure Ive done everything right, said Hermione, 
nervously rereading the splotched  of Moste 
Potente Potions. It looks like the book says it should 
... once weve drunk it, well have exactly an hour 
before we change back into ourselves. 

Now what? Ron whispered. 

We separate it into three glasses and add the hairs. 

Hermione ladled large dollops of the potion into each 
of the glasses. Then, her hand trembling, she shook 
Millicent Bulstrodes hair out of its bottle into the first 
glass. 

The potion hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and 
frothed madly. A second later, it had turned a sick 
sort of yellow. 

Urgh  essence of Millicent Bulstrode, said Ron, 
eyeing it with loathing. Bet it tastes disgusting. 

Add yours, then, said Hermione. 

Harry dropped Goyles hair into the middle glass and 
Ron put Crabbes into the last one. Both glasses 
hissed and frothed: Goyles turned the khaki color of 
a booger, Crabbes a dark, murky brown. 

  240 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hang on, said Harry as Ron and Hermione reached 
for their glasses. Wed better not all drink them in 
here. ... Once we turn into Crabbe and Goyle we wont 
fit. And Millicent Bulstrodes no pixie. 

Good thinking, said Ron, unlocking the door. Well 
take separate stalls. 

Careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion, 
Harry slipped into the middle stall. 

Ready? he called. 

Ready, came Rons and Hermiones voices. 

One  two  three   

Pinching his nose, Harry drank the potion down in 
two large gulps. It tasted like overcooked cabbage. 

Immediately, his insides started writhing as though 
hed just swallowed live snakes  doubled up, he 
wondered whether he was going to be sick  then a 
burning sensation spread rapidly from his stomach to 
the very ends of his fingers and toes  next, bringing 
him gasping to all fours, came a horrible melting 
feeling, as the skin all over his body bubbled like hot 
wax  and before his eyes, his hands began to grow, 
the fingers thickened, the nails broadened, the 
knuckles were bulging like bolts  his shoulders 
stretched painfully and a prickling on his forehead 
told him that hair was creeping down toward his 
eyebrows  his robes ripped as his chest expanded 
like a barrel bursting its hoops  his feet were agony 
in shoes four sizes too small  

As suddenly as it had started, everything stopped. 
Harry lay facedown on the stonecold floor, listening 
to Myrtle gurgling morosely in the end toilet. With 

  241 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




difficulty, he kicked off his shoes and stood up. So 
this was what it felt like, being Goyle. His large hand 
trembling, he pulled off his old robes, which were 
hanging a foot above his ankles, pulled on the spare 
ones, and laced up Goyles boatlike shoes. He reached 
up to brush his hair out of his eyes and met only the 
short growth of wiry bristles, low on his forehead. 
Then he realized that his glasses were clouding his 
eyes because Goyle obviously didnt need them  he 
took them off and called, Are you two okay? Goyles 
low rasp of a voice issued from his mouth. 

Yeah, came the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right. 

Harry unlocked his door and stepped in front of the 
cracked mirror. Goyle stared back at him out of dull, 
deepset eyes. Harry scratched his ear. So did Goyle. 

Rons door opened. They stared at each other. Except 
that he looked pale and shocked, Ron was 
indistinguishable from Crabbe, from the pudding 
bowl haircut to the long, gorilla arms. 

This is unbelievable, said Ron, approaching the 
mirror and prodding Crabbe s flat nose. 

Unbelievable. 

Wed better get going, said Harry, loosening the 
watch that was cutting into Goyles thick wrist. Weve 
still got to find out where the Slytherin common room 
is. I only hope we can find someone to follow ... 

Ron, who had been gazing at Harry, said, You dont 
know how bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking. He 
banged on Hermiones door. Cmon, we need to go   

A highpitched voice answered him. 



  242 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I  I dont think Im going to come after all. You go 
on without me. 

Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrodes ugly, no 
ones going to know its you   

No  really  I dont think Ill come. You two hurry 
up, youre wasting time   

Harry looked at Ron, bewildered. 

That looks more like Goyle, said Ron. Thats how he 
looks every time a teacher asks him a question. 

Hermione, are you okay? said Harry through the 
door. 

Fine  Im fine  go on   

Harry looked at his watch. Five of their precious sixty 
minutes had already passed. 

Well meet you back here, all right? he said. 

Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom 
carefully, checked that the coast was clear, and set 
off. 

Dont swing your arms like that, Harry muttered to 
Ron. 

Eh? 

Crabbe holds them sort of stiff. ... 

Hows this? 

Yeah, thats better. ... 



  243 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They went down the marble staircase. All they needed 
now was a Slytherin that they could follow to the 
Slytherin common room, but there was nobody 
around. 

Any ideas? muttered Harry. 

The Slytherins always come up to breakfast from 
over there, said Ron, nodding at the entrance to the 
dungeons. The words had barely left his mouth when 
a girl with long, curly hair emerged from the entrance. 

Excuse me, said Ron, hurrying up to her. Weve 
forgotten the way to our common room. 

I beg your pardon? said the girl stiffly. Our common 
room? Im a Ravenclaw. 

She walked away, looking suspiciously back at them. 

Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the 
darkness, their footsteps echoing particularly loudly 
as Crabbes and Goyles huge feet hit the floor, feeling 
that this wasnt going to be as easy as they had 
hoped. 

The labyrinthine passages were deserted. They walked 
deeper and deeper under the school, constantly 
checking their watches to see how much time they 
had left. After a quarter of an hour, just when they 
were getting desperate, they heard a sudden 
movement ahead. 

Ha! said Ron excitedly. Theres one of them now! 

The figure was emerging from a side room. As they 
hurried nearer, however, their hearts sank. It wasnt a 
Slytherin, it was Percy. 



  244 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Whatre you doing down here? said Ron in surprise. 
Percy looked affronted. 

That, he said stiffly, is none of your business. Its 
Crabbe, isnt it? 

Wh  oh, yeah, said Ron. 

Well, get off to your dormitories, said Percy sternly. 
Its not safe to go wandering around dark corridors 
these days. 

You are, Ron pointed out. 

I, said Percy, drawing himself up, am a prefect. 
Nothings about to attack me. 

A voice suddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. 

Draco Malfoy was strolling toward them, and for the 
first time in his life, Harry was pleased to see him. 

There you are, he drawled, looking at them. Have 
you two been pigging out in the Great Hall all this 
time? Ive been looking for you; I want to show you 
something really funny. 

Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy. 

And whatre you doing down here, Weasley? he 
sneered. 

Percy looked outraged. 

You want to show a bit more respect to a school 
prefect! he said. I dont like your attitude! 

Malfoy sneered and motioned for Harry and Ron to 
follow him. Harry almost said something apologetic to 

  245 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Percy but caught himself just in time. He and Ron 
hurried after Malfoy, who said as they turned into the 
next passage, That Peter Weasley   

Percy, Ron corrected him automatically. 

Whatever, said Malfoy. Ive noticed him sneaking 
around a lot lately. And I bet I know what hes up to. 
He thinks hes going to catch Slytherins heir single 
handed. 

He gave a short, derisive laugh. Harry and Ron 
exchanged excited looks. 

Malfoy paused by a stretch of bare, damp stone wall. 
Whats the new password again? he said to Harry. 
Er   said Harry. 

Oh, yeah  pureblood\ said Malfoy, not listening, 
and a stone door concealed in the wall slid open. 
Malfoy marched through it, and Harry and Ron 
followed him. 

The Slytherin common room was a long, low 
underground room with rough stone walls and ceiling 
from which round, greenish lamps were hanging on 
chains. A fire was crackling under an elaborately 
carved mantelpiece ahead of them, and several 
Slytherins were silhouetted around it in highbacked 
chairs. 

Wait here, said Malfoy to Harry and Ron, motioning 
them to a pair of empty chairs set back from the fire. 
Ill go and get it  my fathers just sent it to me   



  246 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Wondering what Malfoy was going to show them, 
Harry and Ron sat down, doing their best to look at 
home. 

Malfoy came back a minute later, holding what looked 
like a newspaper clipping. He thrust it under Rons 
nose. 

Thatll give you a laugh, he said. 

Harry saw Ron's eyes widen in shock. He read the 
clipping quickly, gave a very forced laugh, and 
handed it to Harry. 

It had been clipped out of the Daily Prophet, and it 
said: 

INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC 

Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle 
Artifacts Office, was today fined fifty Galleons for 
bewitching a Muggle car. 

Mr. Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry, where the enchanted car 
crashed earlier this year, called today for Mr. 
Weasleys resignation. 

Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute, 

Mr. Malfoy told our reporter. He is clearly unfit to 
draw up our laws and his ridiculous Muggle 
Protection Act should be scrapped immediately. 

Mr. Weasley was unavailable for comment, although 
his wife told reporters to clear off or shed set the 
family ghoul on them. 



  247 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Well? said Malfoy impatiently as Harry handed the 
clipping back to him. Dont you think its funny? 

Ha, ha, said Harry bleakly. 

Arthur Weasley loves Muggles so much he should 
snap his wand in half and go and join them, said 
Malfoy scornfully. Youd never know the Weasleys 
were purebloods, the way they behave. 

Rons  or rather, Crabbes  face was contorted 
with fury. 

Whats up with you, Crabbe? snapped Malfoy. 
Stomachache, Ron grunted. 

Well, go up to the hospital wing and give all those 
Mudbloods a kick from me, said Malfoy, snickering. 
You know, Im surprised the Daily Prophet hasnt 
reported all these attacks yet, he went on 
thoughtfully. I suppose Dumbledores trying to hush 
it all up. Hell be sacked if it doesnt stop soon. 
Fathers always said old Dumbledores the worst thing 
thats ever happened to this place. He loves Muggle 
borns. A decent headmaster would never ve let slime 
like that Creevey in. 

Malfoy started taking pictures with an imaginary 
camera and did a cruel but accurate impression of 
Colin:  Potter, can I have your picture, Potter? Can I 
have your autograph? Can I lick your shoes, please, 
Potter?  

He dropped his hands and looked at Harry and Ron. 
Whats the matter with you two? 



  248 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Far too late, Harry and Ron forced themselves to 
laugh, but Malfoy seemed satisfied; perhaps Crabbe 
and Goyle were always slow on the uptake. 

Saint Potter, the Mudbloods friend, said Malfoy 
slowly. Hes another one with no proper wizard 
feeling, or he wouldnt go around with that jumpedup 
Granger Mudblood. And people think hes Slytherins 
heir! 

Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Malfoy was 
surely seconds away from telling them it was him  
but then  

I wish I knew who it is, said Malfoy petulantly. I 
could help them. 

Rons jaw dropped so that Crabbe looked even more 
clueless than usual. Fortunately, Malfoy didnt notice, 
and Harry, thinking fast, said, You must have some 
idea whos behind it all. ... 

You know I havent, Goyle, how many times do I have 
to tell you? snapped Malfoy. And Father wont tell 
me anything about the last time the Chamber was 
opened either. Of course, it was fifty years ago, so it 
was before his time, but he knows all about it, and he 
says that it was all kept quiet and itll look suspicious 
if I know too much about it. But I know one thing  
last time the Chamber of Secrets was opened, a 
Mudblood died. So I bet its a matter of time before 
one of thems killed this time. ... I hope its Granger, 
he said with relish. 

Ron was clenching Crabbe s gigantic fists. Feeling 
that it would be a bit of a giveaway if Ron punched 
Malfoy, Harry shot him a warning look and said, 
Dyou know if the person who opened the Chamber 
last time was caught? 

  249 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Oh, yeah ... whoever it was was expelled, said 
Malfoy. Theyre probably still in Azkaban. 



Azkaban? said Harry, puzzled. 

Azkaban  the wizard prison , Goyle, said Malfoy, 
looking at him in disbelief. Honestly, if you were any 
slower, youd be going backward. 

He shifted restlessly in his chair and said, Father 
says to keep my head down and let the Heir of 
Slytherin get on with it. He says the school needs 
ridding of all the Mudblood filth, but not to get mixed 
up in it. Of course, hes got a lot on his plate at the 
moment. You know the Ministry of Magic raided our 
manor last week? 

Harry tried to force Goyle s dull face into a look of 
concern. 

Yeah ... said Malfoy. Luckily, they didnt find much. 
Fathers got some very valuable Dark Arts stuff. But 
luckily, weve got our own secret chamber under the 
drawingroom floor   

Ho! said Ron. 

Malfoy looked at him. So did Harry. Ron blushed. 

Even his hair was turning red. His nose was also 
slowly lengthening  their hour was up, Ron was 
turning back into himself, and from the look of horror 
he was suddenly giving Harry, he must be, too. 

They both jumped to their feet. 

Medicine for my stomach, Ron grunted, and without 
further ado they sprinted the length of the Slytherin 
common room, hurled themselves at the stone wall, 
and dashed up the passage, hoping against hope that 

  250 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Malfoy hadnt noticed anything. Harry could feel his 
feet slipping around in Goyles huge shoes and had to 
hoist up his robes as he shrank; they crashed up the 
steps into the dark entrance hall, which was full of a 
muffled pounding coming from the closet where 
theyd locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving their shoes 
outside the closet door, they sprinted in their socks 
up the marble staircase toward Moaning Myrtles 
bathroom. 

Well, it wasnt a complete waste of time, Ron 
panted, closing the bathroom door behind them. I 
know we still havent found out whos doing the 
attacks, but Im going to write to Dad tomorrow and 
tell him to check under the Malfoys drawing room. 

Harry checked his face in the cracked mirror. He was 
back to normal. He put his glasses on as Ron 
hammered on the door of Hermiones stall. 

Hermione, come out, weve got loads to tell you   

Go away! Hermione squeaked. 

Harry and Ron looked at each other. 

Whats the matter? said Ron. You must be back to 
normal by now, we are   

But Moaning Myrtle glided suddenly through the stall 
door. Harry had never seen her looking so happy. 

Ooooooh, wait till you see, she said. Its awful   

They heard the lock slide back and Hermione 
emerged, sobbing, her robes pulled up over her head. 

Whats up? said Ron uncertainly. Have you still got 
Millicents nose or something? 

  251 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hermione let her robes fall and Ron backed into the 
sink. 

Her face was covered in black fur. Her eyes had 
turned yellow and there were long, pointed ears 
poking through her hair. 

It was a ccat hair! she howled. MMillicent 
Bulstrode mmust have a cat! And the ppotion isnt 
supposed to be used for animal transformations! 

Uhoh, said Ron. 

Youll be teased something dreadful, said Myrtle 
happily. 

Its okay, Hermione, said Harry quickly. Well take 
you up to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey never 
asks too many questions. ... 

It took a long time to persuade Hermione to leave the 
bathroom. Moaning Myrtle sped them on their way 
with a hearty guffaw. Wait till everyone finds out 
youve got a tail\ 



  252 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   





* V 




THE VERY SECRET DIARY 

Hermione remained in the hospital wing for several 
weeks. There was a flurry of rumor about her 
disappearance when the rest of the school arrived 
back from their Christmas holidays, because of 
course everyone thought that she had been attacked. 
So many students filed past the hospital wing trying 
to catch a glimpse of her that Madam Pomfrey took 
out her curtains again and placed them around 
Hermiones bed, to spare her the shame of being seen 
with a furry face. 

Harry and Ron went to visit her every evening. When 
the new term started, they brought her each days 
homework. 

If Id sprouted whiskers, Id take a break from work, 
said Ron, tipping a stack of books onto Hermiones 
bedside table one evening. 

Dont be silly, Ron, Ive got to keep up, said 
Hermione briskly. Her spirits were greatly improved 
by the fact that all the hair had gone from her face 

  253 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



and her eyes were turning slowly back to brown. I 
dont suppose youve got any new leads? she added 
in a whisper, so that Madam Pomfrey couldnt hear 
her. 

Nothing, said Harry gloomily. 

I was so sure it was Malfoy, said Ron, for about the 
hundredth time. 

Whats that? asked Harry, pointing to something 
gold sticking out from under Hermiones pillow. 

Just a get well card, said Hermione hastily, trying to 
poke it out of sight, but Ron was too quick for her. He 
pulled it out, flicked it open, and read aloud: 

To Miss Granger, wishing you a speedy recovery, from 
your concerned teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, 
Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the 
Dark Force Defense League, and fivetime winner of 
Witch Weeklys MostCharmingSmile Award. 

Ron looked up at Hermione, disgusted. 

You sleep with this under your pillow? 

But Hermione was spared answering by Madam 
Pomfrey sweeping over with her evening dose of 
medicine. 

Is Lockhart the smarmiest bloke youve ever met, or 
what? Ron said to Harry as they left the infirmary 
and started up the stairs toward Gryffindor Tower. 
Snape had given them so much homework, Harry 
thought he was likely to be in the sixth year before he 
finished it. Ron was just saying he wished he had 
asked Hermione how many rat tails you were 
supposed to add to a HairRaising Potion when an 
  254 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




angry outburst from the floor above reached their 
ears. 

Thats Filch, Harry muttered as they hurried up the 
stairs and paused, out of sight, listening hard. 

You dont think someone elses been attacked? said 
Ron tensely. 

They stood still, their heads inclined toward Filchs 
voice, which sounded quite hysterical. 

  even more work for me! Mopping all night, like I 
havent got enough to do! No, this is the final straw, Im 
going to Dumbledore   

His footsteps receded along the outofsight corridor 
and they heard a distant door slam. 

They poked their heads around the corner. Filch had 
clearly been manning his usual lookout post: They 
were once again on the spot where Mrs. Norris had 
been attacked. They saw at a glance what Filch had 
been shouting about. A great flood of water stretched 
over half the corridor, and it looked as though it was 
still seeping from under the door of Moaning Myrtles 
bathroom. Now that Filch had stopped shouting, they 
could hear Myrtles wails echoing off the bathroom 
walls. 

Now whats up with her? said Ron. 

Lets go and see, said Harry, and holding their robes 
over their ankles they stepped through the great wash 
of water to the door bearing its OUT OF ORDER sign, 
ignored it as always, and entered. 

Moaning Myrtle was crying, if possible, louder and 
harder than ever before. She seemed to be hiding 

  255 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




down her usual toilet. It was dark in the bathroom 
because the candles had been extinguished in the 
great rush of water that had left both walls and floor 
soaking wet. 

Whats up, Myrtle? said Harry. 

Whos that? glugged Myrtle miserably. Come to 
throw something else at me? 

Harry waded across to her stall and said, Why would 
I throw something at you? 

Dont ask me, Myrtle shouted, emerging with a wave 
of yet more water, which splashed onto the already 
sopping floor. Here I am, minding my own business, 
and someone thinks its funny to throw a book at me. 



But it cant hurt you if someone throws something at 
you, said Harry, reasonably. I mean, itd just go 
right through you, wouldnt it? 

He had said the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed herself up 
and shrieked, Lets all throw books at Myrtle, 
because she cant feel it! Ten points if you can get it 
through her stomach! Fifty points if it goes through 
her head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I dont 
think! 

Who threw it at you, anyway? asked Harry. 

I dont know. ... I was just sitting in the Ubend, 
thinking about death, and it fell right through the top 
of my head, said Myrtle, glaring at them. Its over 
there, it got washed out. ... 

Harry and Ron looked under the sink where Myrtle 
was pointing. A small, thin book lay there. It had a 

  256 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




shabby black cover and was as wet as everything else 
in the bathroom. Harry stepped forward to pick it up, 
but Ron suddenly flung out an arm to hold him back. 

What? said Harry. 

Are you cra2y? said Ron. It could be dangerous. 

 Dangerous ? said Harry, laughing. Come off it, how 
could it be dangerous? 

Youd be surprised, said Ron, who was looking 
apprehensively at the book. Some of the books the 
Ministrys confiscated  Dads told me  there was 
one that burned your eyes out. And everyone who 
read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limericks for the 
rest of their lives. And some old witch in Bath had a 
book that you could never stop reading ! You just had 
to wander around with your nose in it, trying to do 
everything onehanded. And   

All right, Ive got the point, said Harry. 

The little book lay on the floor, nondescript and 
soggy. 

Well, we wont find out unless we look at it, he said, 
and he ducked around Ron and picked it up off the 
floor. 

Harry saw at once that it was a diary, and the faded 
year on the cover told him it was fifty years old. He 
opened it eagerly. On the first  he could just 
make out the name T. M. Riddle in smudged ink. 

Hang on, said Ron, who had approached cautiously 
and was looking over Harrys shoulder. I know that 
name. ... T. M. Riddle got an award for special 
services to the school fifty years ago. 

  257 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




How on earth dyou know that? said Harry in 
amazement. 

Because Filch made me polish his shield about fifty 
times in detention, said Ron resentfully. That was 
the one I burped slugs all over. If youd wiped slime 
off a name for an hour, youd remember it, too. 

Harry peeled the wet s apart. They were 
completely blank. There wasnt the faintest trace of 
writing on any of them, not even Auntie Mabels 
birthday, or dentist, halfpast three. 

He never wrote in it, said Harry, disappointed. 

I wonder why someone wanted to flush it away? said 
Ron curiously. 

Harry turned to the back cover of the book and saw 
the printed name of a variety store on Vauxhall Road, 
London. 

He mustve been Muggleborn, said Harry 
thoughtfully. To have bought a diary from Vauxhall 
Road. ... 

Well, its not much use to you, said Ron. He 
dropped his voice. Fifty points if you can get it 
through Myrtles nose. 

Harry, however, pocketed it. 

Hermione left the hospital wing, dewhiskered, tail 
less, and furfree, at the beginning of February. On 
her first evening back in Gryffindor Tower, Harry 
showed her T. M. Riddles diary and told her the story 
of how they had found it. 



  258 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Oooh, it might have hidden powers, said Hermione 
enthusiastically, taking the diary and looking at it 
closely. 

If it has, its hiding them very well, said Ron. Maybe 
its shy. I dont know why you dont chuck it, Harry. 

I wish I knew why someone did try to chuck it, said 
Harry. I wouldnt mind knowing how Riddle got an 
award for special services to Hogwarts either. 

Couldve been anything, said Ron. Maybe he got 
thirty O.W.L.s or saved a teacher from the giant 
squid. Maybe he murdered Myrtle; that wouldve done 
everyone a favor. ... 

But Harry could tell from the arrested look on 
Hermione s face that she was thinking what he was 
thinking. 

What? said Ron, looking from one to the other. 

Well, the Chamber of Secrets was opened fifty years 
ago, wasnt it? he said. Thats what Malfoy said. 

Yeah ... said Ron slowly. 

And this diary is fifty years old, said Hermione, 
tapping it excitedly. 

So? 

Oh, Ron, wake up, snapped Hermione. We know 
the person who opened the Chamber last time was 
expelled fifty years ago. We know T. M. Riddle got an 
award for special services to the school fifty years 
ago. Well, what if Riddle got his special award for 
catching the Heir of Slytherin? His diary would 
probably tell us everything  where the Chamber is, 
  259 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




and how to open it, and what sort of creature lives in 
it  the person whos behind the attacks this time 
wouldnt want that lying around, would they? 

Thats a brilliant theory, Hermione, said Ron, with 
just one tiny little flaw. Theres nothing written in his 
diary. 

But Hermione was pulling her wand out of her bag. 

It might be invisible ink! she whispered. 

She tapped the diary three times and said, 
Aparecium\ 

Nothing happened. Undaunted, Hermione shoved her 
hand back into her bag and pulled out what appeared 
to be a bright red eraser. 

Its a Revealer, I got it in Diagon Alley, she said. 

She rubbed hard on January first. Nothing happened. 

Im telling you, theres nothing to find in there, said 
Ron. Riddle just got a diary for Christmas and 
couldnt be bothered filling it in. 

Harry couldnt explain, even to himself, why he didnt 
just throw Riddles diary away. The fact was that even 
though he knew the diary was blank, he kept 
absentmindedly picking it up and turning the s, 
as though it were a story he wanted to finish. And 
while Harry was sure he had never heard the name T. 
M. Riddle before, it still seemed to mean something to 
him, almost as though Riddle was a friend hed had 
when he was very small, and had halfforgotten. But 
this was absurd. Hed never had friends before 
Hogwarts, Dudley had made sure of that. 



  260 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Nevertheless, Harry was determined to find out more 
about Riddle, so next day at break, he headed for the 
trophy room to examine Riddles special award, 
accompanied by an interested Hermione and a 
thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them hed 
seen enough of the trophy room to last him a lifetime. 

Riddles burnished gold shield was tucked away in a 
corner cabinet. It didnt carry details of why it had 
been given to him (Good thing, too, or itd be even 
bigger and Id still be polishing it, said Ron). 

However, they did find Riddles name on an old Medal 
for Magical Merit, and on a list of old Head Boys. 

He sounds like Percy, said Ron, wrinkling his nose 
in disgust. Prefect, Head Boy ... probably top of every 
class   

You say that like its a bad thing, said Hermione in a 
slightly hurt voice. 

The sun had now begun to shine weakly on Hogwarts 
again. Inside the castle, the mood had grown more 
hopeful. There had been no more attacks since those 
on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick, and Madam 
Pomfrey was pleased to report that the Mandrakes 
were becoming moody and secretive, meaning that 
they were fast leaving childhood. 

The moment their acne clears up, theyll be ready for 
repotting again, Harry heard her telling Filch kindly 
one afternoon. And after that, it wont be long until 
were cutting them up and stewing them. Youll have 
Mrs. Norris back in no time. 

Perhaps the Heir of Slytherin had lost his or her 
nerve, thought Harry. It must be getting riskier and 
riskier to open the Chamber of Secrets, with the 
school so alert and suspicious. Perhaps the monster, 

  261 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




whatever it was, was even now settling itself down to 
hibernate for another fifty years. ... 



Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didnt take this cheerful 
view. He was still convinced that Harry was the guilty 
one, that he had given himself away at the Dueling 
Club. Peeves wasnt helping matters; he kept popping 
up in the crowded corridors singing Oh, Potter, you 
rotter ... now with a dance routine to match. 

Gilderoy Lockhart seemed to think he himself had 
made the attacks stop. Harry overheard him telling 
Professor McGonagall so while the Gryffindors were 
lining up for Transfiguration. 

I dont think therell be any more trouble, Minerva, 
he said, tapping his nose knowingly and winking. I 
think the Chamber has been locked for good this 
time. The culprit must have known it was only a 
matter of time before I caught him. Rather sensible to 
stop now, before I came down hard on him. 

You know, what the school needs now is a morale 
booster. Wash away the memories of last term! I wont 
say any more just now, but I think I know just the 
thing. ... 

He tapped his nose again and strode off. 

Lockharts idea of a moralebooster became clear at 
breakfast time on February fourteenth. Harry hadnt 
had much sleep because of a laterunning Quidditch 
practice the night before, and he hurried down to the 
Great Hall, slightly late. He thought, for a moment, 
that hed walked through the wrong doors. 

The walls were all covered with large, lurid pink 
flowers. Worse still, heartshaped confetti was falling 
from the pale blue ceiling. Harry went over to the 

  262 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Gryffindor table, where Ron was sitting looking 
sickened, and Hermione seemed to have been 
overcome with giggles. 

Whats going on? Harry asked them, sitting down 
and wiping confetti off his bacon. 

Ron pointed to the teachers table, apparently too 
disgusted to speak. Lockhart, wearing lurid pink 
robes to match the decorations, was waving for 
silence. The teachers on either side of him were 
looking stonyfaced. From where he sat, Harry could 
see a muscle going in Professor McGonagalls cheek. 
Snape looked as though someone had just fed him a 
large beaker of SkeleGro. 

Happy Valentines Day! Lockhart shouted. And may 
I thank the fortysix people who have so far sent me 
cards! Yes, I have taken the liberty of arranging this 
little surprise for you all  and it doesnt end here! 

Lockhart clapped his hands and through the doors to 
the entrance hall marched a dozen surlylooking 
dwarfs. Not just any dwarfs, however. Lockhart had 
them all wearing golden wings and carrying harps. 

My friendly, cardcarrying cupids! beamed Lockhart. 
They will be roving around the school today 
delivering your valentines! And the fun doesnt stop 
here! Im sure my colleagues will want to enter into 
the spirit of the occasion! Why not ask Professor 
Snape to show you how to whip up a Love Potion! And 
while youre at it, Professor Flitwick knows more 
about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard Ive 
ever met, the sly old dog! 

Professor Flitwick buried his face in his hands. Snape 
was looking as though the first person to ask him for 
a Love Potion would be forcefed poison. 

  263 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Please, Hermione, tell me you werent one of the 
fortysix, said Ron as they left the Great Hall for their 
first lesson. Hermione suddenly became very 
interested in searching her bag for her schedule and 
didnt answer. 

All day long, the dwarfs kept barging into their 
classes to deliver valentines, to the annoyance of the 
teachers, and late that afternoon as the Gryffindors 
were walking upstairs for Charms, one of the dwarfs 
caught up with Harry. 

Oy, you! Arry Potter! shouted a particularly grim 
looking dwarf, elbowing people out of the way to get to 
Harry. 

Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine 
in front of a line of first years, which happened to 
include Ginny Weasley, Harry tried to escape. The 
dwarf, however, cut his way through the crowd by 
kicking peoples shins, and reached him before hed 
gone two paces. 

Ive got a musical message to deliver to Arry Potter in 
person, he said, twanging his harp in a threatening 
sort of way. 

Not here, Harry hissed, trying to escape. 

Stay stilll grunted the dwarf, grabbing hold of 
Harrys bag and pulling him back. 

Let me go! Harry snarled, tugging. 

With a loud ripping noise, his bag split in two. His 
books, wand, parchment, and quill spilled onto the 
floor and his ink bottle smashed over everything. 



  264 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry scrambled around, trying to pick it all up 
before the dwarf started singing, causing something of 
a holdup in the corridor. 

Whats going on here? came the cold, drawling voice 
of Draco Malfoy. Harry started stuffing everything 
feverishly into his ripped bag, desperate to get away 
before Malfoy could hear his musical valentine. 

Whats all this commotion? said another familiar 
voice as Percy Weasley arrived. 

Losing his head, Harry tried to make a run for it, but 
the dwarf seized him around the knees and brought 
him crashing to the floor. 

Right, he said, sitting on Harrys ankles. Here is 
your singing valentine: 

His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad, 

His hair is as dark as a blackboard. 

I wish he was mine, hes really divine, 

The hero who conquered the Dark Lord. 

Harry would have given all the gold in Gringotts to 
evaporate on the spot. Trying valiantly to laugh along 
with everyone else, he got up, his feet numb from the 
weight of the dwarf, as Percy Weasley did his best to 
disperse the crowd, some of whom were crying with 
mirth. 

Off you go, off you go, the bell rang five minutes ago, 
off to class, now, he said, shooing some of the 
younger students away. And you, Malfoy   



  265 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry, glancing over, saw Malfoy stoop and snatch up 
something. Leering, he showed it to Crabbe and 
Goyle, and Harry realized that hed got Riddles diary. 

Give that back, said Harry quietly. 

Wonder what Potters written in this? said Malfoy, 
who obviously hadnt noticed the year on the cover 
and thought he had Harrys own diary. A hush fell 
over the onlookers. Ginny was staring from the diary 
to Harry, looking terrified. 

Hand it over, Malfoy, said Percy sternly. 

When Ive had a look, said Malfoy, waving the diary 
tauntingly at Harry. 

Percy said, As a school prefect   but Harry had lost 
his temper. He pulled out his wand and shouted, 

 ExpelliarmusV and just as Snape had disarmed 
Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shooting out of 
his hand into the air. Ron, grinning broadly, caught 
it. 

Harry! said Percy loudly. No magic in the corridors. 
Ill have to report this, you know! 

But Harry didnt care, he was oneup on Malfoy, and 
that was worth five points from Gryffindor any day. 
Malfoy was looking furious, and as Ginny passed him 
to enter her classroom, he yelled spitefully after her, 

I dont think Potter liked your valentine much! 

Ginny covered her face with her hands and ran into 
class. Snarling, Ron pulled out his wand, too, but 
Harry pulled him away. Ron didnt need to spend the 
whole of Charms belching slugs. 



  266 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




It wasnt until they had reached Professor Flitwicks 
class that Harry noticed something rather odd about 
Riddles diary. All his other books were drenched in 
scarlet ink. The diary, however, was as clean as it had 
been before the ink bottle had smashed all over it. He 
tried to point this out to Ron, but Ron was having 
trouble with his wand again; large purple bubbles 
were blossoming out of the end, and he wasnt much 
interested in anything else. 



Jc Jc Jc 



Harry went to bed before anyone else in his 
dormitory that night. This was partly because he 
didnt think he could stand Fred and George singing, 
His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad one 
more time, and partly because he wanted to examine 
Riddles diary again, and knew that Ron thought he 
was wasting his time. 

Harry sat on his fourposter and flicked through the 
blank s, not one of which had a trace of scarlet 
ink on it. Then he pulled a new bottle out of his 
bedside cabinet, dipped his quill into it, and dropped 
a blot onto the first  of the diary. 

The ink shone brightly on the paper for a second and 
then, as though it was being sucked into the , 
vanished. Excited, Harry loaded up his quill a second 
time and wrote, My name is Harry Potter. 

The words shone momentarily on the  and they, 
too, sank without trace. Then, at last, something 
happened. 

Oozing back out of the , in his very own ink, 
came words Harry had never written. 



  267 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did 
you come by my diary? 

These words, too, faded away, but not before Harry 
had started to scribble back. 

Someone tried to flush it down a toilet. 

He waited eagerly for Riddles reply. 

Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more 
lasting way than ink. But I always knew that there 
would be those who would not want this diary read. 

What do you mean? Harry scrawled, blotting the 
 in his excitement. 

I mean that this diary holds memories of terrible 
things. Things that were covered up. Things that 
happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. 

Thats where I am now, Harry wrote quickly. Im at 
Hogwarts, and horrible stuffs been happening. Do 
you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets? 

His heart was hammering. Riddles reply came 
quickly, his writing becoming untidier, as though he 
was hurrying to tell all he knew. 

Of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets. In my 
day, they told us it was a legend, that it did not exist. 
But this was a lie. In my fifth year, the Chamber was 
opened and the monster attacked several students, 
finally killing one. I caught the person whod opened 
the Chamber and he was expelled. But the 
headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a 
thing had happened at Hogwarts, forbade me to tell 
the truth. A story was given out that the girl had died 
  268 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




in a freak accident They gave me a nice, shiny, 
engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep 
my mouth shut But I knew it could happen again. The 
monster lived on, and the one who had the power to 
release it was not imprisoned. 

Harry nearly upset his ink bottle in his hurry to write 
back. 

Its happening again now. There have been three 
attacks and no one seems to know whos behind 
them. Who was it last time? 

 I can show you, if you like, came Riddles reply. You 
dont have to take my word for it. I can take you inside 
my memory of the night when I caught him. 

Harry hesitated, his quill suspended over the diary. 
What did Riddle mean? How could he be taken inside 
somebody elses memory? He glanced nervously at the 
door to the dormitory, which was growing dark. When 
he looked back at the diary, he saw fresh words 
forming. 

Let me show you. 

Harry paused for a fraction of a second and then 
wrote two letters. 

OK. 

The s of the diary began to blow as though 
caught in a high wind, stopping halfway through the 
month of June. Mouth hanging open, Harry saw that 
the little square for June thirteenth seemed to have 
turned into a minuscule television screen. His hands 
trembling slightly, he raised the book to press his eye 
against the little window, and before he knew what 
was happening, he was tilting forward; the window 
  269 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




was widening, he felt his body leave his bed, and he 
was pitched headfirst through the opening in the 
, into a whirl of color and shadow. 

He felt his feet hit solid ground, and stood, shaking, 
as the blurred shapes around him came suddenly 
into focus. 

He knew immediately where he was. This circular 
room with the sleeping portraits was Dumbledores 
office  but it wasnt Dumbledore who was sitting 
behind the desk. A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald 
except for a few wisps of white hair, was reading a 
letter by candlelight. Harry had never seen this man 
before. 

Im sorry, he said shakily. I didnt mean to butt in 



But the wizard didnt look up. He continued to read, 
frowning slightly. Harry drew nearer to his desk and 
stammered, Er  Ill just go, shall I? 

Still the wizard ignored him. He didnt seem even to 
have heard him. Thinking that the wizard might be 
deaf, Harry raised his voice. 

Sorry I disturbed you. Ill go now, he halfshouted. 

The wizard folded up the letter with a sigh, stood up, 
walked past Harry without glancing at him, and went 
to draw the curtains at his window. 

The sky outside the window was rubyred; it seemed 
to be sunset. The wizard went back to the desk, sat 
down, and twiddled his thumbs, watching the door. 

Harry looked around the office. No Fawkes the 
phoenix  no whirring silver contraptions. This was 

  270 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hogwarts as Riddle had known it, meaning that this 
unknown wizard was headmaster, not Dumbledore, 
and he, Harry, was little more than a phantom, 
completely invisible to the people of fifty years ago. 

There was a knock on the office door. 

Enter, said the old wizard in a feeble voice. 

A boy of about sixteen entered, taking off his pointed 
hat. A silver prefects badge was glinting on his chest. 
He was much taller than Harry, but he, too, had jet 
black hair. 

Ah, Riddle, said the headmaster. 

You wanted to see me, Professor Dippet? said 
Riddle. He looked nervous. 

Sit down, said Dippet. Ive just been reading the 
letter you sent me. 

Oh, said Riddle. He sat down, gripping his hands 
together very tightly. 

My dear boy, said Dippet kindly, I cannot possibly 
let you stay at school over the summer. Surely you 
want to go home for the holidays? 

No, said Riddle at once. Id much rather stay at 
Hogwarts than go back to that  to that   

You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holidays, I 
believe? said Dippet curiously. 

Yes, sir, said Riddle, reddening slightly. 

You are Muggleborn? 



  271 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Halfblood, sir, said Riddle. Muggle father, witch 
mother. 

And are both your parents  ? 

My mother died just after I was born, sir. They told 
me at the orphanage she lived just long enough to 
name me  Tom after my father, Marvolo after my 
grandfather. 

Dippet clucked his tongue sympathetically. 

The thing is, Tom, he sighed, special arrangements 
might have been made for you, but in the current 
circumstances. ... 

You mean all these attacks, sir? said Riddle, and 
Harrys heart leapt, and he moved closer, scared of 
missing anything. 

Precisely, said the headmaster. My dear boy, you 
must see how foolish it would be of me to allow you to 
remain at the castle when term ends. Particularly in 
light of the recent tragedy . . . the death of that poor 
little girl. ... You will be safer by far at your 
orphanage. As a matter of fact, the Ministry of Magic 
is even now talking about closing the school. We are 
no nearer locating the  er  source of all this 
unpleasantness. ... 

Riddles eyes had widened. 

Sir  if the person was caught  if it all stopped   

What do you mean? said Dippet with a squeak in 
his voice, sitting up in his chair. Riddle, do you mean 
you know something about these attacks? 

No, sir, said Riddle quickly. 

  272 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




But Harry was sure it was the same sort of no that 
he himself had given Dumbledore. 

Dippet sank back, looking faintly disappointed. 

You may go, Tom. ... 

Riddle slid off his chair and slouched out of the room. 
Harry followed him. 

Down the moving spiral staircase they went, emerging 
next to the gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle 
stopped, and so did Harry, watching him. Harry could 
tell that Riddle was doing some serious thinking. He 
was biting his lip, his forehead furrowed. 

Then, as though he had suddenly reached a decision, 
he hurried off, Harry gliding noiselessly behind him. 
They didnt see another person until they reached the 
entrance hall, when a tall wizard with long, sweeping 
auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the 
marble staircase. 

What are you doing, wandering around this late, 
Tom? 

Harry gaped at the wizard. He was none other than a 
fiftyyearyounger Dumbledore. 

I had to see the headmaster, sir, said Riddle. 

Well, hurry off to bed, said Dumbledore, giving 
Riddle exactly the kind of penetrating stare Harry 
knew so well. Best not to roam the corridors these 
days. Not since ... 

He sighed heavily, bade Riddle good night, and strode 
off. Riddle watched him walk out of sight and then, 



  273 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




moving quickly, headed straight down the stone steps 
to the dungeons, with Harry in hot pursuit. 

But to Harrys disappointment, Riddle led him not 
into a hidden passageway or a secret tunnel but to 
the very dungeon in which Harry had Potions with 
Snape. The torches hadnt been lit, and when Riddle 
pushed the door almost closed, Harry could only just 
see him, standing stockstill by the door, watching 
the passage outside. 

It felt to Harry that they were there for at least an 
hour. All he could see was the figure of Riddle at the 
door, staring through the crack, waiting like a statue. 
And just when Harry had stopped feeling expectant 
and tense and started wishing he could return to the 
present, he heard something move beyond the door. 

Someone was creeping along the passage. He heard 
whoever it was pass the dungeon where he and Riddle 
were hidden. Riddle, quiet as a shadow, edged 
through the door and followed, Harry tiptoeing behind 
him, forgetting that he couldnt be heard. 

For perhaps five minutes they followed the footsteps, 
until Riddle stopped suddenly, his head inclined in 
the direction of new noises. Harry heard a door creak 
open, and then someone speaking in a hoarse 
whisper. 

Cmon ... gotta get yeh outta here. ... Cmon now ... 
in the box ... 

There was something familiar about that voice. ... 

Riddle suddenly jumped around the corner. Harry 
stepped out behind him. He could see the dark 
outline of a huge boy who was crouching in front of 
an open door, a very large box next to it. 

  274 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




 Evening, Rubeus, said Riddle sharply. 

The boy slammed the door shut and stood up. 

What yer doin down here, Tom? 

Riddle stepped closer. 

Its all over, he said. Im going to have to turn you 
in, Rubeus. Theyre talking about closing Hogwarts if 
the attacks dont stop. 

What dyeh   

I dont think you meant to kill anyone. But monsters 
dont make good pets. I suppose you just let it out for 
exercise and   

It never killed no one! said the large boy, backing 
against the closed door. From behind him, Harry 
could hear a funny rustling and clicking. 

Come on, Rubeus, said Riddle, moving yet closer. 
The dead girls parents will be here tomorrow. The 
least Hogwarts can do is make sure that the thing 
that killed their daughter is slaughtered. ... 

It wasnt him! roared the boy, his voice echoing in 
the dark passage. He wouldn! He never! 

Stand aside, said Riddle, drawing out his wand. 

His spell lit the corridor with a sudden flaming light. 
The door behind the large boy flew open with such 
force it knocked him into the wall opposite. And out of 
it came something that made Harry let out a long, 
piercing scream unheard by anyone  



  275 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




A vast, lowslung, hairy body and a tangle of black 
legs; a gleam of many eyes and a pair of razorsharp 
pincers  Riddle raised his wand again, but he was 
too late. The thing bowled him over as it scuttled 
away, tearing up the corridor and out of sight. Riddle 
scrambled to his feet, looking after it; he raised his 
wand, but the huge boy leapt on him, seized his 
wand, and threw him back down, yelling, 
NOOOOOOO! 

The scene whirled, the darkness became complete; 
Harry felt himself falling and, with a crash, he landed 
spreadeagled on his fourposter in the Gryffindor 
dormitory, Riddles diary lying open on his stomach. 

Before he had had time to regain his breath, the 
dormitory door opened and Ron came in. 

There you are, he said. 

Harry sat up. He was sweating and shaking. 

Whats up? said Ron, looking at him with concern. 

It was Hagrid, Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of 
Secrets fifty years ago. 



  276 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






CORNELIUS FUDGE 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione had always known that 
Hagrid had an unfortunate liking for large and 
monstrous creatures. During their first year at 
Hogwarts he had tried to raise a dragon in his little 
wooden house, and it would be a long time before 
they forgot the giant, threeheaded dog hed 
christened Fluffy. And if, as a boy, Hagrid had heard 
that a monster was hidden somewhere in the castle, 
Harry was sure hed have gone to any lengths for a 
glimpse of it. Hed probably thought it was a shame 
that the monster had been cooped up so long, and 
thought it deserved the chance to stretch its many 
legs; Harry could just imagine the thirteenyearold 
Hagrid trying to fit a leash and collar on it. But he 
was equally certain that Hagrid would never have 
meant to kill anybody. 

Harry half wished he hadnt found out how to work 
Riddles diary. Again and again Ron and Hermione 
made him recount what hed seen, until he was 
heartily sick of telling them and sick of the long, 
circular conversations that followed. 

  277 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



Riddle might have got the wrong person, said 
Hermione. Maybe it was some other monster that 
was attacking people. ... 

How many monsters dyou think this place can 
hold? Ron asked dully. 

We always knew Hagrid had been expelled, said 
Harry miserably. And the attacks mustve stopped 
after Hagrid was kicked out. Otherwise, Riddle 
wouldnt have got his award. 

Ron tried a different tack. 

Riddle does sound like Percy  who asked him to 
squeal on Hagrid, anyway? 

But the monster had killed someone, Ron, said 
Hermione. 

And Riddle was going to go back to some Muggle 
orphanage if they closed Hogwarts, said Harry. I 
dont blame him for wanting to stay here. ... 

You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didnt you, 
Harry? 

He was buying a FleshEating Slug Repellent, said 
Harry quickly. 

The three of them fell silent. After a long pause, 
Hermione voiced the knottiest question of all in a 
hesitant voice. 

Do you think we should go and ask Hagrid about it 
all? 



  278 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Thatd be a cheerful visit, said Ron.  Hello, Hagrid. 
Tell us, have you been setting anything mad and 
hairy loose in the castle lately?  

In the end, they decided that they would not say 
anything to Hagrid unless there was another attack, 
and as more and more days went by with no whisper 
from the disembodied voice, they became hopeful that 
they would never need to talk to him about why he 
had been expelled. It was now nearly four months 
since Justin and Nearly Headless Nick had been 
Petrified, and nearly everybody seemed to think that 
the attacker, whoever it was, had retired for good. 
Peeves had finally got bored of his Oh, Potter, you 
rotter song, Ernie Macmillan asked Harry quite 
politely to pass a bucket of leaping toadstools in 
Herbology one day, and in March several of the 
Mandrakes threw a loud and raucous party in 
greenhouse three. This made Professor Sprout very 
happy. 

The moment they start trying to move into each 
others pots, well know theyre fully mature, she told 
Harry. Then well be able to revive those poor people 
in the hospital wing. 

The second years were given something new to think 
about during their Easter holidays. The time had 
come to choose their subjects for the third year, a 
matter that Hermione, at least, took very seriously. 

It could affect our whole future, she told Harry and 
Ron as they pored over lists of new subjects, marking 
them with checks. 

I just want to give up Potions, said Harry. 



  279 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




We cant, said Ron gloomily. We keep all our old 
subjects, or Idve ditched Defense Against the Dark 
Arts. 

But thats very important! said Hermione, shocked. 

Not the way Lockhart teaches it, said Ron. I havent 
learned anything from him except not to set pixies 
loose. 

Neville Longbottom had been sent letters from all the 
witches and wizards in his family, all giving him 
different advice on what to choose. Confused and 
worried, he sat reading the subject lists with his 
tongue poking out, asking people whether they 
thought Arithmancy sounded more difficult than the 
study of Ancient Runes. Dean Thomas, who, like 
Harry, had grown up with Muggles, ended up closing 
his eyes and jabbing his wand at the list, then picking 
the subjects it landed on. Hermione took nobodys 
advice but signed up for everything. 

Harry smiled grimly to himself at the thought of what 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia would say if he tried 
to discuss his career in wizardry with them. Not that 
he didnt get any guidance: Percy Weasley was eager 
to share his experience. 

Depends where you want to go, Harry, he said. Its 
never too early to think about the future, so Id 
recommend Divination. People say Muggle Studies is 
a soft option, but I personally think wizards should 
have a thorough understanding of the nonmagical 
community, particularly if theyre thinking of working 
in close contact with them  look at my father, he 
has to deal with Muggle business all the time. My 
brother Charlie was always more of an outdoor type, 
so he went for Care of Magical Creatures. Play to your 
strengths, Harry. 

  280 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




But the only thing Harry felt he was really good at 
was Quidditch. In the end, he chose the same new 
subjects as Ron, feeling that if he was lousy at them, 
at least hed have someone friendly to help him. 

Gryffindors next Quidditch match would be against 
Hufflepuff. Wood was insisting on team practices 
every night after dinner, so that Harry barely had 
time for anything but Quidditch and homework. 
However, the training sessions were getting better, or 
at least drier, and the evening before Saturdays 
match he went up to his dormitory to drop off his 
broomstick feeling Gryffindors chances for the 
Quidditch Cup had never been better. 

But his cheerful mood didnt last long. At the top of 
the stairs to the dormitory, he met Neville 
Longbottom, who was looking frantic. 

Harry  I dont know who did it  I just found   

Watching Harry fearfully, Neville pushed open the 
door. 

The contents of Harrys trunk had been thrown 
everywhere. His cloak lay ripped on the floor. The 
bedclothes had been pulled off his fourposter and the 
drawer had been pulled out of his bedside cabinet, 
the contents strewn over the mattress. 

Harry walked over to the bed, openmouthed, treading 
on a few loose s of Travels with Trolls. As he and 
Neville pulled the blankets back onto his bed, Ron, 
Dean, and Seamus came in. Dean swore loudly. 

What happened, Harry? 

No idea, said Harry. But Ron was examining Harrys 
robes. All the pockets were hanging out. 

  281 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Someones been looking for something, said Ron. Is 
there anything missing? 

Harry started to pick up all his things and throw 
them into his trunk. It was only as he threw the last 
of the Lockhart books back into it that he realized 
what wasnt there. 

Riddles diarys gone, he said in an undertone to 
Ron. 

What? 

Harry jerked his head toward the dormitory door and 
Ron followed him out. They hurried down to the 
Gryffindor common room, which was halfempty, and 
joined Hermione, who was sitting alone, reading a 
book called Ancient Runes Made Easy. 

Hermione looked aghast at the news. 

But  only a Gryffindor could have stolen  nobody 
else knows our password   

Exactly, said Harry. 

They woke the next day to brilliant sunshine and a 
light, refreshing breeze. 

Perfect Quidditch conditions! said Wood 
enthusiastically at the Gryffindor table, loading the 
teams plates with scrambled eggs. Harry, buck up 
there, you need a decent breakfast. 

Harry had been staring down the packed Gryffindor 
table, wondering if the new owner of Riddles diary 
was right in front of his eyes. Hermione had been 
urging him to report the robbery, but Harry didnt like 
the idea. Hed have to tell a teacher all about the 
  282 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




diary, and how many people knew why Hagrid had 
been expelled fifty years ago? He didnt want to be the 
one who brought it all up again. 

As he left the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione to go 
and collect his Quidditch things, another very serious 
worry was added to Harrys growing list. He had just 
set foot on the marble staircase when he heard it yet 
again  

 Kill this time ... let me rip ... tear ... 

He shouted aloud and Ron and Hermione both 
jumped away from him in alarm. 

The voice! said Harry, looking over his shoulder. I 
just heard it again  didnt you? 

Ron shook his head, wideeyed. Hermione, however, 
clapped a hand to her forehead. 

Harry  I think Ive just understood something! Ive 
got to go to the library! 

And she sprinted away, up the stairs. 

 What does she understand? said Harry distractedly, 
still looking around, trying to tell where the voice had 
come from. 

Loads more than I do, said Ron, shaking his head. 

But whys she got to go to the library? 

Because thats what Hermione does, said Ron, 
shrugging. When in doubt, go to the library. 

Harry stood, irresolute, trying to catch the voice 
again, but people were now emerging from the Great 

  283 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hall behind him, talking loudly, exiting through the 
front doors on their way to the Quidditch pitch. 



Youd better get moving, said Ron. Its nearly eleven 
 the match   

Harry raced up to Gryffindor Tower, collected his 
Nimbus Two Thousand, and joined the large crowd 
swarming across the grounds, but his mind was still 
in the castle along with the bodiless voice, and as he 
pulled on his scarlet robes in the locker room, his 
only comfort was that everyone was now outside to 
watch the game. 

The teams walked onto the field to tumultuous 
applause. Oliver Wood took off for a warmup flight 
around the goal posts; Madam Hooch released the 
balls. The Hufflepuffs, who played in canary yellow, 
were standing in a huddle, having a lastminute 
discussion of tactics. 

Harry was just mounting his broom when Professor 
McGonagall came half marching, half running across 
the pitch, carrying an enormous purple megaphone. 

Harrys heart dropped like a stone. 

This match has been canceled, Professor 
McGonagall called through the megaphone, 
addressing the packed stadium. There were boos and 
shouts. Oliver Wood, looking devastated, landed and 
ran toward Professor McGonagall without getting off 
his broomstick. 

But, Professor! he shouted. Weve got to play  the 
Cup  Gryffindor   

Professor McGonagall ignored him and continued to 
shout through her megaphone: 

  284 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




All students are to make their way back to the House 
common rooms, where their Heads of Houses will give 
them further information. As quickly as you can, 
please! 

Then she lowered the megaphone and beckoned 
Harry over to her. 

Potter, I think youd better come with me. ... 

Wondering how she could possibly suspect him this 
time, Harry saw Ron detach himself from the 
complaining crowd; he came running up to them as 
they set off toward the castle. To Harrys surprise, 
Professor McGonagall didnt object. 

Yes, perhaps youd better come, too, Weasley. ... 

Some of the students swarming around them were 
grumbling about the match being canceled; others 
looked worried. Harry and Ron followed Professor 
McGonagall back into the school and up the marble 
staircase. But they werent taken to anybodys office 
this time. 

This will be a bit of a shock, said Professor 
McGonagall in a surprisingly gentle voice as they 
approached the infirmary. There has been another 
attack ... another double attack. 

Harrys insides did a horrible somersault. Professor 
McGonagall pushed the door open and he and Ron 
entered. 

Madam Pomfrey was bending over a sixthyear girl 
with long, curly hair. Harry recognized her as the 
Ravenclaw theyd accidentally asked for directions to 
the Slytherin common room. And on the bed next to 
her was  

  285 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




HermioneY Ron groaned. 

Hermione lay utterly still, her eyes open and glassy. 

They were found near the library, said Professor 
McGonagall. I dont suppose either of you can 
explain this? It was on the floor next to them. ... 

She was holding up a small, circular mirror. 

Harry and Ron shook their heads, both staring at 
Hermione. 

I will escort you back to Gryffindor Tower, said 
Professor McGonagall heavily. I need to address the 
students in any case. 

All students will return to their House common 
rooms by six oclock in the evening. No student is to 
leave the dormitories after that time. You will be 
escorted to each lesson by a teacher. No student is to 
use the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher. All 
further Quidditch training and matches are to be 
postponed. There will be no more evening activities. 

The Gryffindors packed inside the common room 
listened to Professor McGonagall in silence. She rolled 
up the parchment from which she had been reading 
and said in a somewhat choked voice, I need hardly 
add that I have rarely been so distressed. It is likely 
that the school will be closed unless the culprit 
behind these attacks is caught. I would urge anyone 
who thinks they might know anything about them to 
come forward. 

She climbed somewhat awkwardly out of the portrait 
hole, and the Gryffindors began talking immediately. 



  286 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Thats two Gryffindors down, not counting a 
Gryffindor ghost, one Ravenclaw, and one Hufflepuff, 
said the Weasley twins friend Lee Jordan, counting 
on his fingers. Havent any of the teachers noticed 
that the Slytherins are all safe? Isnt it obvious all this 
stuffs coming from Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin, 
the monster of Slytherin  why dont they just chuck 
all the Slytherins out? he roared, to nods and 
scattered applause. 

Percy Weasley was sitting in a chair behind Lee, but 
for once he didnt seem keen to make his views heard. 
He was looking pale and stunned. 

Percys in shock, George told Harry quietly. That 
Ravenclaw girl  Penelope Clearwater  shes a 
prefect. I dont think he thought the monster would 
dare attack a prefect. 

But Harry was only halflistening. He didnt seem to 
be able to get rid of the picture of Hermione, lying on 
the hospital bed as though carved out of stone. And if 
the culprit wasnt caught soon, he was looking at a 
lifetime back with the Dursleys. Tom Riddle had 
turned Hagrid in because he was faced with the 
prospect of a Muggle orphanage if the school closed. 
Harry now knew exactly how he had felt. 

Whatre we going to do? said Ron quietly in Harrys 
ear. Dyou think they suspect Hagrid? 

Weve got to go and talk to him, said Harry, making 
up his mind. I cant believe its him this time, but if 
he set the monster loose last time hell know how to 
get inside the Chamber of Secrets, and thats a start. 

But McGonagall said weve got to stay in our tower 
unless were in class   



  287 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I think, said Harry, more quietly still, its time to 
get my dads old cloak out again. 

Harry had inherited just one thing from his father: a 
long and silvery Invisibility Cloak. It was their only 
chance of sneaking out of the school to visit Hagrid 
without anyone knowing about it. They went to bed at 
the usual time, waited until Neville, Dean, and 
Seamus had stopped discussing the Chamber of 
Secrets and finally fallen asleep, then got up, dressed 
again, and threw the cloak over themselves. 

The journey through the dark and deserted castle 
corridors wasnt enjoyable. Harry, who had wandered 
the castle at night several times before, had never 
seen it so crowded after sunset. Teachers, prefects, 
and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs, 
staring around for any unusual activity. Their 
Invisibility Cloak didnt stop them making any noise, 
and there was a particularly tense moment when Ron 
stubbed his toe only yards from the spot where Snape 
stood standing guard. Thankfully, Snape sneezed at 
almost exactly the moment Ron swore. It was with 
relief that they reached the oak front doors and eased 
them open. 

It was a clear, starry night. They hurried toward the 
lit windows of Hagrid s house and pulled off the cloak 
only when they were right outside his front door. 

Seconds after they had knocked, Hagrid flung it open. 
They found themselves facetoface with him aiming a 
crossbow at them. Fang the boarhound barked loudly 
behind him. 

Oh, he said, lowering the weapon and staring at 
them. What re you two doin here? 



  288 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Whats that for? said Harry, pointing at the 
crossbow as they stepped inside. 



Nothin  nothin   Hagrid muttered. Ive bin 
expectin  doesn matter  Sit down  Ill make tea 



He hardly seemed to know what he was doing. He 
nearly extinguished the fire, spilling water from the 
kettle on it, and then smashed the teapot with a 
nervous jerk of his massive hand. 

Are you okay, Hagrid? said Harry. Did you hear 
about Hermione? 

Oh, I heard, all righ, said Hagrid, a slight break in 
his voice. 

He kept glancing nervously at the windows. He 
poured them both large mugs of boiling water (he had 
forgotten to add tea bags) and was just putting a slab 
of fruitcake on a plate when there was a loud knock 
on the door. 

Hagrid dropped the fruitcake. Harry and Ron 
exchanged panicstricken looks, then threw the 
Invisibility Cloak back over themselves and retreated 
into a corner. Hagrid checked that they were hidden, 
seized his crossbow, and flung open his door once 
more. 

Good evening, Hagrid. 

It was Dumbledore. He entered, looking deadly 
serious, and was followed by a second, very odd 
looking man. 

The stranger had rumpled gray hair and an anxious 
expression, and was wearing a strange mixture of 

  289 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




clothes: a pinstriped suit, a scarlet tie, a long black 
cloak, and pointed purple boots. Under his arm he 
carried a limegreen bowler. 

Thats Dads boss! Ron breathed. Cornelius Fudge, 
the Minister of Magic! 

Harry elbowed Ron hard to make him shut up. 

Hagrid had gone pale and sweaty. He dropped into 
one of his chairs and looked from Dumbledore to 
Cornelius Fudge. 

Bad business, Hagrid, said Fudge in rather clipped 
tones. Very bad business. Had to come. Four attacks 
on Muggleborns. Thingsve gone far enough. 
Ministrys got to act. 

I never, said Hagrid, looking imploringly at 
Dumbledore. You know I never, Professor 
Dumbledore, sir   

I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my 
full confidence, said Dumbledore, frowning at Fudge. 

Look, Albus, said Fudge, uncomfortably. Hagrids 
records against him. Ministrys got to do something 
 the school governors have been in touch   

Yet again, Cornelius, I tell you that taking Hagrid 
away will not help in the slightest, said Dumbledore. 
His blue eyes were full of a fire Harry had never seen 
before. 

Look at it from my point of view, said Fudge, 
fidgeting with his bowler. Im under a lot of pressure. 
Got to be seen to be doing something. If it turns out it 
wasnt Hagrid, hell be back and no more said. But 



  290 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ive got to take him. Got to. Wouldnt be doing my 
duty   

Take me? said Hagrid, who was trembling. Take me 
where? 

For a short stretch only, said Fudge, not meeting 
Hagrid s eyes. Not a punishment, Hagrid, more a 
precaution. If someone else is caught, youll be let out 
with a full apology   

Not Azkaban? croaked Hagrid. 

Before Fudge could answer, there was another loud 
rap on the door. 

Dumbledore answered it. It was Harrys turn for an 
elbow in the ribs; hed let out an audible gasp. 

Mr. Lucius Malfoy strode into Hagrids hut, swathed 
in a long black traveling cloak, smiling a cold and 
satisfied smile. Fang started to growl. 

Already here, Fudge, he said approvingly. Good, 
good... 

Whatre you doin here? said Hagrid furiously. Get 
outta my house! 

My dear man, please believe me, I have no pleasure 
at all in being inside your  er  dyou call this a 
house? said Lucius Malfoy, sneering as he looked 
around the small cabin. I simply called at the school 
and was told that the headmaster was here. 

And what exactly did you want with me, Lucius? 
said Dumbledore. He spoke politely, but the fire was 
still blazing in his blue eyes. 



  291 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




 Dreadful thing, Dumbledore, said Malfoy lazily, 
taking out a long roll of parchment, but the 
governors feel its time for you to step aside. This is 
an Order of Suspension  youll find all twelve 
signatures on it. Im afraid we feel youre losing your 
touch. How many attacks have there been now? Two 
more this afternoon, wasnt it? At this rate, therell be 
no Muggleborns left at Hogwarts, and we all know 
what an awful loss that would be to the school. 

Oh, now, see here, Lucius, said Fudge, looking 
alarmed, Dumbledore suspended  no, no  last 
thing we want just now   

The appointment  or suspension  of the 
headmaster is a matter for the governors, Fudge, 
said Mr. Malfoy smoothly. And as Dumbledore has 
failed to stop these attacks   

See here, Malfoy, if Dumbledore cant stop them, 
said Fudge, whose upper lip was sweating now, I 
mean to say, who can? 

That remains to be seen, said Mr. Malfoy with a 
nasty smile. But as all twelve of us have voted   

Hagrid leapt to his feet, his shaggy black head grazing 
the ceiling. 

An how many did yeh have ter threaten an 
blackmail before they agreed, Malfoy, eh? he roared. 

Dear, dear, you know, that temper of yours will lead 
you into trouble one of these days, Hagrid, said Mr. 
Malfoy. I would advise you not to shout at the 
Azkaban guards like that. They wont like it at all. 

Yeh can take Dumbledore! yelled Hagrid, making 
Fang the boarhound cower and whimper in his 

  292 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




basket. Take him away, an the Muggleborns won 
stand a chance! Therell be killin next! 

Calm yourself, Hagrid, said Dumbledore sharply. He 
looked at Lucius Malfoy. 

If the governors want my removal, Lucius, I shall of 
course step aside   

But   stuttered Fudge. 

iVo! growled Hagrid. 

Dumbledore had not taken his bright blue eyes off 
Lucius Malfoys cold gray ones. 

However, said Dumbledore, speaking very slowly 
and clearly so that none of them could miss a word, 
you will find that I will only truly have left this school 
when none here are loyal to me. You will also find 
that help will always be given at Hogwarts to those 
who ask for it. 

For a second, Harry was almost sure Dumbledores 
eyes flickered toward the corner where he and Ron 
stood hidden. 

Admirable sentiments, said Malfoy, bowing. We 
shall all miss your  er  highly individual way of 
running things, Albus, and only hope that your 
successor will manage to prevent any  ah  killins. 

He strode to the cabin door, opened it, and bowed 
Dumbledore out. Fudge, fiddling with his bowler, 
waited for Hagrid to go ahead of him, but Hagrid 
stood his ground, took a deep breath, and said 
carefully, If anyone wanted ter find out some stuff, 
all theyd have ter do would be ter follow the spiders. 
Thatd lead em right! Thats all Im sayin. 

  293 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Fudge stared at him in amazement. 



All right, Im cornin, said Hagrid, pulling on his 
moleskin overcoat. But as he was about to follow 
Fudge through the door, he stopped again and said 
loudly, An someonell need ter feed Fang while Im 
away. 

The door banged shut and Ron pulled off the 
Invisibility Cloak. 

Were in trouble now, he said hoarsely. No 
Dumbledore. They might as well close the school 
tonight. Therell be an attack a day with him gone. 

Fang started howling, scratching at the closed door. 



  294 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






ARAGOG 

Summer was creeping over the grounds around the 
castle; sky and lake alike turned periwinkle blue and 
flowers large as cabbages burst into bloom in the 
greenhouses. But with no Hagrid visible from the 
castle windows, striding the grounds with Fang at his 
heels, the scene didnt look right to Harry; no better, 
in fact, than the inside of the castle, where things 
were so horribly wrong. 

Harry and Ron had tried to visit Hermione, but 
visitors were now barred from the hospital wing. 

Were taking no more chances, Madam Pomfrey told 
them severely through a crack in the infirmary door. 
No, Im sorry, theres every chance the attacker might 
come back to finish these people off. ... 

With Dumbledore gone, fear had spread as never 
before, so that the sun warming the castle walls 
outside seemed to stop at the mullioned windows. 
There was barely a face to be seen in the school that 
didnt look worried and tense, and any laughter that 

  295 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



rang through the corridors sounded shrill and 
unnatural and was quickly stifled. 



Harry constantly repeated Dumbledores final words 
to himself. I will only truly have left this school when 
none here are loyal to me. . . . Help will always be given 
at Hog warts to those who ask for it. But what good 
were these words? Who exactly were they supposed to 
ask for help, when everyone was just as confused and 
scared as they were? 

Hagrids hint about the spiders was far easier to 
understand  the trouble was, there didnt seem to 
be a single spider left in the castle to follow. Harry 
looked everywhere he went, helped (rather reluctantly) 
by Ron. They were hampered, of course, by the fact 
that they werent allowed to wander off on their own 
but had to move around the castle in a pack with the 
other Gryffindors. Most of their fellow students 
seemed glad that they were being shepherded from 
class to class by teachers, but Harry found it very 
irksome. 

One person, however, seemed to be thoroughly 
enjoying the atmosphere of terror and suspicion. 

Draco Malfoy was strutting around the school as 
though he had just been appointed Head Boy. Harry 
didnt realize what he was so pleased about until the 
Potions lesson about two weeks after Dumbledore and 
Hagrid had left, when, sitting right behind Malfoy, 
Harry overheard him gloating to Crabbe and Goyle. 

I always thought Father might be the one who got rid 
of Dumbledore, he said, not troubling to keep his 
voice down. I told you he thinks Dumbledores the 
worst headmaster the schools ever had. Maybe well 
get a decent headmaster now. Someone who wont 
want the Chamber of Secrets closed. McGonagall 
wont last long, shes only filling in. ... 

  296 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Snape swept past Harry, making no comment about 
Hermiones empty seat and cauldron. 

Sir, said Malfoy loudly. Sir, why dont you apply for 
the headmasters job? 

Now, now, Malfoy, said Snape, though he couldnt 
suppress a thinlipped smile. Professor Dumbledore 
has only been suspended by the governors. I daresay 
hell be back with us soon enough. 

Yeah, right, said Malfoy, smirking. I expect youd 
have Fathers vote, sir, if you wanted to apply for the 
job  Ill tell Father youre the best teacher here, sir 



Snape smirked as he swept off around the dungeon, 
fortunately not spotting Seamus Finnigan, who was 
pretending to vomit into his cauldron. 

Im quite surprised the Mudbloods havent all packed 
their bags by now, Malfoy went on. Bet you five 
Galleons the next one dies. Pity it wasnt Granger   

The bell rang at that moment, which was lucky; at 
Malfoys last words, Ron had leapt off his stool, and in 
the scramble to collect bags and books, his attempts 
to reach Malfoy went unnoticed. 

Let me at him, Ron growled as Harry and Dean 
hung onto his arms. I dont care, I dont need my 
wand, Im going to kill him with my bare hands   

Hurry up, Ive got to take you all to Herbology, 
barked Snape over the classs heads, and off they 
marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean bringing up the 
rear, Ron still trying to get loose. It was only safe to 
let go of him when Snape had seen them out of the 



  297 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




castle and they were making their way across the 
vegetable patch toward the greenhouses. 

The Herbology class was very subdued; there were 
now two missing from their number, Justin and 
Hermione. 

Professor Sprout set them all to work pruning the 
Abyssinian Shrivelfigs. Harry went to tip an armful of 
withered stalks onto the compost heap and found 
himself facetoface with Ernie Macmillan. Ernie took 
a deep breath and said, very formally, I just want to 
say, Harry, that Im sorry I ever suspected you. I 
know youd never attack Hermione Granger, and I 
apologize for all the stuff I said. Were all in the same 
boat now, and, well   

He held out a pudgy hand, and Harry shook it. 

Ernie and his friend Hannah came to work at the 
same Shrivelfig as Harry and Ron. 

That Draco Malfoy character, said Ernie, breaking 
off dead twigs, he seems very pleased about all this, 
doesnt he? Dyou know, I think he might be 
Slytherins heir. 

Thats clever of you, said Ron, who didnt seem to 
have forgiven Ernie as readily as Harry. 

Do you think its Malfoy, Harry? Ernie asked. 

No, said Harry, so firmly that Ernie and Hannah 
stared. 

A second later, Harry spotted something. 

Several large spiders were scuttling over the ground 
on the other side of the glass, moving in an 

  298 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




unnaturally straight line as though taking the 
shortest route to a prearranged meeting. Harry hit 
Ron over the hand with his pruning shears. 

Ouch\ What re you   

Harry pointed out the spiders, following their progress 
with his eyes screwed up against the sun. 

Oh, yeah, said Ron, trying, and failing, to look 
pleased. But we cant follow them now   

Ernie and Hannah were listening curiously. 

Harrys eyes narrowed as he focused on the spiders. If 
they pursued their fixed course, there could be no 
doubt about where they would end up. 

Looks like theyre heading for the Forbidden Forest. 



And Ron looked even unhappier about that. 

At the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escorted the 
class to their Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. 
Harry and Ron lagged behind the others so they could 
talk out of earshot. 

Well have to use the Invisibility Cloak again, Harry 
told Ron. We can take Fang with us. Hes used to 
going into the forest with Hagrid, he might be some 
help. 

Right, said Ron, who was twirling his wand 
nervously in his fingers. Er  arent there  arent 
there supposed to be werewolves in the forest? he 
added as they took their usual places at the back of 
Lockharts classroom. 



  299 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Preferring not to answer that question, Harry said, 
There are good things in there, too. The centaurs are 
all right, and the unicorns ... 

Ron had never been into the Forbidden Forest before. 
Harry had entered it only once and had hoped never 
to do so again. 

Lockhart bounded into the room and the class stared 
at him. Every other teacher in the place was looking 
grimmer than usual, but Lockhart appeared nothing 
short of buoyant. 

Come now, he cried, beaming around him. Why all 
these long faces? 

People swapped exasperated looks, but nobody 
answered. 

Dont you people realize, said Lockhart, speaking 
slowly, as though they were all a bit dim, the danger 
has passed! The culprit has been taken away   

Says who? said Dean Thomas loudly. 

My dear young man, the Minister of Magic wouldnt 
have taken Hagrid if he hadnt been one hundred 
percent sure that he was guilty, said Lockhart, in the 
tone of someone explaining that one and one made 
two. 

Oh, yes he would, said Ron, even more loudly than 
Dean. 

I flatter myself I know a touch more about Hagrid s 
arrest than you do, Mr. Weasley, said Lockhart in a 
selfsatisfied tone. 



  300 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ron started to say that he didnt think so, somehow, 
but stopped in midsentence when Harry kicked him 
hard under the desk. 



We werent there, remember? Harry muttered. 

But Lockharts disgusting cheeriness, his hints that 
he had always thought Hagrid was no good, his 
confidence that the whole business was now at an 
end, irritated Harry so much that he yearned to throw 
Gadding with Ghouls right in Lockharts stupid face. 
Instead he contented himself with scrawling a note to 
Ron: Lets do it tonight 

Ron read the message, swallowed hard, and looked 
sideways at the empty seat usually filled by 
Hermione. The sight seemed to stiffen his resolve, and 
he nodded. 



The Gryffindor common room was always very 
crowded these days, because from six oclock onward 
the Gryffindors had nowhere else to go. They also had 
plenty to talk about, with the result that the common 
room often didnt empty until past midnight. 

Harry went to get the Invisibility Cloak out of his 
trunk right after dinner, and spent the evening sitting 
on it, waiting for the room to clear. Fred and George 
challenged Harry and Ron to a few games of 
Exploding Snap, and Ginny sat watching them, very 
subdued in Hermione s usual chair. Harry and Ron 
kept losing on purpose, trying to finish the games 
quickly, but even so, it was well past midnight when 
Fred, George, and Ginny finally went to bed. 

Harry and Ron waited for the distant sounds of two 
dormitory doors closing before seizing the cloak, 

  301 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




throwing it over themselves, and climbing through the 
portrait hole. 

It was another difficult journey through the castle, 
dodging all the teachers. At last they reached the 
entrance hall, slid back the lock on the oak front 
doors, squeezed between them, trying to stop any 
creaking, and stepped out into the moonlit grounds. 

 Course, said Ron abruptly as they strode across 
the black grass, we might get to the forest and find 
theres nothing to follow. Those spiders might notve 
been going there at all. I know it looked like they were 
moving in that sort of general direction, but ... 

His voice trailed away hopefully. 

They reached Hagrids house, sad and sorrylooking 
with its blank windows. When Harry pushed the door 
open, Fang went mad with joy at the sight of them. 
Worried he might wake everyone at the castle with his 
deep, booming barks, they hastily fed him treacle 
toffee from a tin on the mantelpiece, which glued his 
teeth together. 

Harry left the Invisibility Cloak on Hagrids table. 
There would be no need for it in the pitchdark forest. 

Cmon, Fang, were going for a walk, said Harry, 
patting his leg, and Fang bounded happily out of the 
house behind them, dashed to the edge of the forest, 
and lifted his leg against a large sycamore tree. 

Harry took out his wand, murmured, Lumos\ and a 
tiny light appeared at the end of it, just enough to let 
them watch the path for signs of spiders. 

Good thinking, said Ron. Id light mine, too, but 
you know  itd probably blow up or something. ... 

  302 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder, pointing at the 
grass. Two solitary spiders were hurrying away from 
the wandlight into the shade of the trees. 

Okay, Ron sighed as though resigned to the worst, 
Im ready. Lets go. 

So, with Fang scampering around them, sniffing tree 
roots and leaves, they entered the forest. By the glow 
of Harrys wand, they followed the steady trickle of 
spiders moving along the path. They walked behind 
them for about twenty minutes, not speaking, 
listening hard for noises other than breaking twigs 
and rustling leaves. Then, when the trees had become 
thicker than ever, so that the stars overhead were no 
longer visible, and Harrys wand shone alone in the 
sea of dark, they saw their spider guides leaving the 
path. 

Harry paused, trying to see where the spiders were 
going, but everything outside his little sphere of light 
was pitchblack. He had never been this deep into the 
forest before. He could vividly remember Hagrid 
advising him not to leave the forest path last time 
hed been in here. But Hagrid was miles away now, 
probably sitting in a cell in Azkaban, and he had also 
said to follow the spiders. 

Something wet touched Harrys hand and he jumped 
backward, crushing Rons foot, but it was only Fangs 
nose. 

What dyou reckon? Harry said to Ron, whose eyes 
he could just make out, reflecting the light from his 
wand. 

Weve come this far, said Ron. 



  303 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




So they followed the darting shadows of the spiders 
into the trees. They couldnt move very quickly now; 
there were tree roots and stumps in their way, barely 
visible in the near blackness. Harry could feel Fangs 
hot breath on his hand. More than once, they had to 
stop, so that Harry could crouch down and find the 
spiders in the wandlight. 

They walked for what seemed like at least half an 
hour, their robes snagging on lowslung branches and 
brambles. After a while, they noticed that the ground 
seemed to be sloping downward, though the trees 
were as thick as ever. 

Then Fang suddenly let loose a great, echoing bark, 
making both Harry and Ron jump out of their skins. 

What? said Ron loudly, looking around into the 
pitchdark, and gripping Harrys elbow very hard. 

Theres something moving over there, Harry 
breathed. Listen ... sounds like something big. ... 

They listened. Some distance to their right, the 
something big was snapping branches as it carved a 
path through the trees. 

Oh, no, said Ron. Oh, no, oh, no, oh   

Shut up, said Harry frantically. Itll hear you. 

Hear me? said Ron in an unnaturally high voice. 

Its already heard Fang! 

The darkness seemed to be pressing on their eyeballs 
as they stood, terrified, waiting. There was a strange 
rumbling noise and then silence. 

What dyou think its doing? said Harry. 

  304 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Probably getting ready to pounce, said Ron. 

They waited, shivering, hardly daring to move. 

Dyou think its gone? Harry whispered. 

Dunno   

Then, to their right, came a sudden blaze of light, so 
bright in the darkness that both of them flung up 
their hands to shield their eyes. Fang yelped and tried 
to run, but got lodged in a tangle of thorns and yelped 
even louder. 

Harry! Ron shouted, his voice breaking with relief. 
Harry, its our car! 

What? 

Come on! 

Harry blundered after Ron toward the light, stumbling 
and tripping, and a moment later they had emerged 
into a clearing. 

Mr. Weasleys car was standing, empty, in the middle 
of a circle of thick trees under a roof of dense 
branches, its headlights ablaze. As Ron walked, 
openmouthed, toward it, it moved slowly toward him, 
exactly like a large, turquoise dog greeting its owner. 

Its been here all the time! said Ron delightedly, 
walking around the car. Look at it. The forests 
turned it wild. ... 

The sides of the car were scratched and smeared with 
mud. Apparently it had taken to trundling around the 
forest on its own. Fang didnt seem at all keen on it; 
he kept close to Harry, who could feel him quivering. 

  305 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




His breathing slowing down again, Harry stuffed his 
wand back into his robes. 

And we thought it was going to attack us! said Ron, 
leaning against the car and patting it. I wondered 
where it had gone! 

Harry squinted around on the floodlit ground for 
signs of more spiders, but they had all scuttled away 
from the glare of the headlights. 

Weve lost the trail, he said. Cmon, lets go and find 
them. 

Ron didnt speak. He didnt move. His eyes were fixed 
on a point some ten feet above the forest floor, right 
behind Harry. His face was livid with terror. 

Harry didnt even have time to turn around. There 
was a loud clicking noise and suddenly he felt 
something long and hairy seize him around the 
middle and lift him off the ground, so that he was 
hanging facedown. Struggling, terrified, he heard 
more clicking, and saw Rons legs leave the ground, 
too, heard Fang whimpering and howling  next 
moment, he was being swept away into the dark 
trees. 

Head hanging, Harry saw that what had hold of him 
was marching on six immensely long, hairy legs, the 
front two clutching him tightly below a pair of shining 
black pincers. Behind him, he could hear another of 
the creatures, no doubt carrying Ron. They were 
moving into the very heart of the forest. Harry could 
hear Fang fighting to free himself from a third 
monster, whining loudly, but Harry couldnt have 
yelled even if he had wanted to; he seemed to have left 
his voice back with the car in the clearing. 



  306 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




He never knew how long he was in the creatures 
clutches; he only knew that the darkness suddenly 
lifted enough for him to see that the leafstrewn 
ground was now swarming with spiders. Craning his 
neck sideways, he realized that they had reached the 
ridge of a vast hollow, a hollow that had been cleared 
of trees, so that the stars shone brightly onto the 
worst scene he had ever laid eyes on. 

Spiders. Not tiny spiders like those surging over the 
leaves below. Spiders the size of carthorses, eight 
eyed, eightlegged, black, hairy, gigantic. The massive 
specimen that was carrying Harry made its way down 
the steep slope toward a misty, domed web in the very 
center of the hollow, while its fellows closed in all 
around it, clicking their pincers excitedly at the sight 
of its load. 

Harry fell to the ground on all fours as the spider 
released him. Ron and Fang thudded down next to 
him. Fang wasnt howling anymore, but cowering 
silently on the spot. Ron looked exactly like Harry felt. 
His mouth was stretched wide in a kind of silent 
scream and his eyes were popping. 

Harry suddenly realized that the spider that had 
dropped him was saying something. It had been hard 
to tell, because he clicked his pincers with every word 
he spoke. 

Aragog! it called. Aragog! 

And from the middle of the misty, domed web, a 
spider the size of a small elephant emerged, very 
slowly. There was gray in the black of his body and 
legs, and each of the eyes on his ugly, pincered head 
was milky white. He was blind. 

What is it? he said, clicking his pincers rapidly. 

  307 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Men, clicked the spider who had caught Harry. 



Is it Hagrid? said Aragog, moving closer, his eight 
milky eyes wandering vaguely. 

Strangers, clicked the spider who had brought Ron. 
Kill them, clicked Aragog fretfully. I was sleeping. 



Were friends of Hagrid s, Harry shouted. His heart 
seemed to have left his chest to pound in his throat. 

Click, click, click went the pincers of the spiders all 
around the hollow. 

Aragog paused. 

Hagrid has never sent men into our hollow before, 
he said slowly. 

Hagrids in trouble, said Harry, breathing very fast. 
Thats why weve come. 

In trouble? said the aged spider, and Harry thought 
he heard concern beneath the clicking pincers. But 
why has he sent you? 

Harry thought of getting to his feet but decided 
against it; he didnt think his legs would support him. 
So he spoke from the ground, as calmly as he could. 

They think, up at the school, that Hagrids been 
setting a  a  something on students. Theyve 
taken him to Azkaban. 

Aragog clicked his pincers furiously, and all around 
the hollow the sound was echoed by the crowd of 

  308 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




spiders; it was like applause, except applause didnt 
usually make Harry feel sick with fear. 

But that was years ago, said Aragog fretfully. Years 
and years ago. I remember it well. Thats why they 
made him leave the school. They believed that I was 
the monster that dwells in what they call the 
Chamber of Secrets. They thought that Hagrid had 
opened the Chamber and set me free. 

And you ... you didnt come from the Chamber of 
Secrets? said Harry, who could feel cold sweat on his 
forehead. 

I! said Aragog, clicking angrily. I was not born in 
the castle. I come from a distant land. A traveler gave 
me to Hagrid when I was an egg. Hagrid was only a 
boy, but he cared for me, hidden in a cupboard in the 
castle, feeding me on scraps from the table. Hagrid is 
my good friend, and a good man. When I was 
discovered, and blamed for the death of a girl, he 
protected me. I have lived here in the forest ever 
since, where Hagrid still visits me. He even found me 
a wife, Mosag, and you see how our family has grown, 
all through Hagrid s goodness. ... 

Harry summoned what remained of his courage. 

So you never  never attacked anyone? 

Never, croaked the old spider. It would have been 
my instinct, but out of respect for Hagrid, I never 
harmed a human. The body of the girl who was killed 
was discovered in a bathroom. I never saw any part of 
the castle but the cupboard in which I grew up. Our 
kind like the dark and the quiet. ... 



  309 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




But then . . . Do you know what did kill that girl? 
said Harry. Because whatever it is, its back and 
attacking people again   

His words were drowned by a loud outbreak of 
clicking and the rustling of many long legs shifting 
angrily; large black shapes shifted all around him. 

The thing that lives in the castle, said Aragog, is an 
ancient creature we spiders fear above all others. Well 
do I remember how I pleaded with Hagrid to let me go, 
when I sensed the beast moving about the school. 

What is it? said Harry urgently. 

More loud clicking, more rustling; the spiders seemed 
to be closing in. 

We do not speak of it! said Aragog fiercely. We do 
not name it! I never even told Hagrid the name of that 
dread creature, though he asked me, many times. 

Harry didnt want to press the subject, not with the 
spiders pressing closer on all sides. Aragog seemed to 
be tired of talking. He was backing slowly into his 
domed web, but his fellow spiders continued to inch 
slowly toward Harry and Ron. 

Well just go, then, Harry called desperately to 
Aragog, hearing leaves rustling behind him. 

Go? said Aragog slowly. I think not. ... 

But  but   

My sons and daughters do not harm Hagrid, on my 
command. But I cannot deny them fresh meat, when 
it wanders so willingly into our midst. Goodbye, 
friend of Hagrid. 

  310 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry spun around. Feet away, towering above him, 
was a solid wall of spiders, clicking, their many eyes 
gleaming in their ugly black heads. 

Even as he reached for his wand, Harry knew it was 
no good, there were too many of them, but as he tried 
to stand, ready to die fighting, a loud, long note 
sounded, and a blaze of light flamed through the 
hollow. 

Mr. Weasleys car was thundering down the slope, 
headlights glaring, its horn screeching, knocking 
spiders aside; several were thrown onto their backs, 
their endless legs waving in the air. The car screeched 
to a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the doors flew 
open. 

Get Fang! Harry yelled, diving into the front seat; 

Ron seized the boarhound around the middle and 
threw him, yelping, into the back of the car  the 
doors slammed shut  Ron didnt touch the 
accelerator but the car didnt need him; the engine 
roared and they were off, hitting more spiders. They 
sped up the slope, out of the hollow, and they were 
soon crashing through the forest, branches whipping 
the windows as the car wound its way cleverly 
through the widest gaps, following a path it obviously 
knew. 

Harry looked sideways at Ron. His mouth was still 
open in the silent scream, but his eyes werent 
popping anymore. 

Are you okay? 

Ron stared straight ahead, unable to speak. 

They smashed their way through the undergrowth, 
Fang howling loudly in the back seat, and Harry saw 

  311 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




the side mirror snap off as they squeezed past a large 
oak. After ten noisy, rocky minutes, the trees thinned, 
and Harry could again see patches of sky. 

The car stopped so suddenly that they were nearly 
thrown into the windshield. They had reached the 
edge of the forest. Fang flung himself at the window in 
his anxiety to get out, and when Harry opened the 
door, he shot off through the trees to Hagrids house, 
tail between his legs. Harry got out too, and after a 
minute or so, Ron seemed to regain the feeling in his 
limbs and followed, still stiffnecked and staring. 

Harry gave the car a grateful pat as it reversed back 
into the forest and disappeared from view. 

Harry went back into Hagrids cabin to get the 
Invisibility Cloak. Fang was trembling under a 
blanket in his basket. When Harry got outside again, 
he found Ron being violently sick in the pumpkin 
patch. 

Follow the spiders, said Ron weakly, wiping his 
mouth on his sleeve. Ill never forgive Hagrid. Were 
lucky to be alive. 

I bet he thought Aragog wouldnt hurt friends of his, 
said Harry. 

Thats exactly Hagrids problem! said Ron, thumping 
the wall of the cabin. He always thinks monsters 
arent as bad as theyre made out, and look where its 
got him! A cell in Azkaban! He was shivering 
uncontrollably now. What was the point of sending 
us in there? What have we found out, Id like to 
know? 

That Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secrets, 
said Harry, throwing the cloak over Ron and prodding 
him in the arm to make him walk. He was innocent. 

  312 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ron gave a loud snort. Evidently, hatching Aragog in 
a cupboard wasnt his idea of being innocent. 

As the castle loomed nearer Harry twitched the cloak 
to make sure their feet were hidden, then pushed the 
creaking front doors ajar. They walked carefully back 
across the entrance hall and up the marble staircase, 
holding their breath as they passed corridors where 
watchful sentries were walking. At last they reached 
the safety of the Gryffindor common room, where the 
fire had burned itself into glowing ash. They took off 
the cloak and climbed the winding stair to their 
dormitory. 

Ron fell onto his bed without bothering to get 
undressed. Harry, however, didnt feel very sleepy. He 
sat on the edge of his fourposter, thinking hard about 
everything Aragog had said. 

The creature that was lurking somewhere in the 
castle, he thought, sounded like a sort of monster 
Voldemort  even other monsters didnt want to 
name it. But he and Ron were no closer to finding out 
what it was, or how it Petrified its victims. Even 
Hagrid had never known what was in the Chamber of 
Secrets. 

Harry swung his legs up onto his bed and leaned 
back against his pillows, watching the moon glinting 
at him through the tower window. 

He couldnt see what else they could do. They had hit 
dead ends everywhere. Riddle had caught the wrong 
person, the Heir of Slytherin had got off, and no one 
could tell whether it was the same person, or a 
different one, who had opened the Chamber this time. 
There was nobody else to ask. Harry lay down, still 
thinking about what Aragog had said. 



  313 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




He was becoming drowsy when what seemed like 
their very last hope occurred to him, and he suddenly 
sat bolt upright. 

Ron, he hissed through the dark, Ron   

Ron woke with a yelp like Fangs, stared wildly 
around, and saw Harry. 

Ron  that girl who died. Aragog said she was found 
in a bathroom, said Harry, ignoring Nevilles 
snuffling snores from the corner. What if she never 
left the bathroom? What if shes still there? 

Ron rubbed his eyes, frowning through the moonlight. 
And then he understood, too. 

You dont think  not Moaning Myrtle ? 



  314 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS 

All those times we were in that bathroom, and she 
was just three toilets away, said Ron bitterly at 
breakfast next day, and we couldve asked her, and 
now ... 

It had been hard enough trying to look for spiders. 
Escaping their teachers long enough to sneak into a 
girls bathroom, the girls bathroom, moreover, right 
next to the scene of the first attack, was going to be 
almost impossible. 

But something happened in their first lesson, 
Transfiguration, that drove the Chamber of Secrets 
out of their minds for the first time in weeks. Ten 
minutes into the class, Professor McGonagall told 
them that their exams would start on the first of 
June, one week from today. 

Exams? howled Seamus Finnigan. Were still 
getting exams? 



  315 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



There was a loud bang behind Harry as Neville 
Longbottoms wand slipped, vanishing one of the legs 
on his desk. Professor McGonagall restored it with a 
wave of her own wand, and turned, frowning, to 
Seamus. 

The whole point of keeping the school open at this 
time is for you to receive your education, she said 
sternly. The exams will therefore take place as usual, 
and I trust you are all studying hard. 

Studying hard! It had never occurred to Harry that 
there would be exams with the castle in this state. 
There was a great deal of mutinous muttering around 
the room, which made Professor McGonagall scowl 
even more darkly. 

Professor Dumbledores instructions were to keep the 
school running as normally as possible, she said. 
And that, I need hardly point out, means finding out 
how much you have learned this year. 

Harry looked down at the pair of white rabbits he was 
supposed to be turning into slippers. What had he 
learned so far this year? He couldnt seem to think of 
anything that would be useful in an exam. 

Ron looked as though hed just been told he had to go 
and live in the Forbidden Forest. 

Can you imagine me taking exams with this? he 
asked Harry, holding up his wand, which had just 
started whistling loudly. 

Three days before their first exam, Professor 
McGonagall made another announcement at 
breakfast. 



  316 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I have good news, she said, and the Great Hall, 
instead of falling silent, erupted. 

Dumbledores coming back! several people yelled 
joyfully. 

Youve caught the Heir of Slytherin! squealed a girl 
at the Ravenclaw table. 

Quidditch matches are back on! roared Wood 
excitedly. 

When the hubbub had subsided, Professor 
McGonagall said, Professor Sprout has informed me 
that the Mandrakes are ready for cutting at last. 
Tonight, we will be able to revive those people who 
have been Petrified. I need hardly remind you all that 
one of them may well be able to tell us who, or what, 
attacked them. I am hopeful that this dreadful year 
will end with our catching the culprit. 

There was an explosion of cheering. Harry looked over 
at the Slytherin table and wasnt at all surprised to 
see that Draco Malfoy hadnt joined in. Ron, however, 
was looking happier than hed looked in days. 

It wont matter that we never asked Myrtle, then! he 
said to Harry. Hermionell probably have all the 
answers when they wake her up! Mind you, shell go 
crazy when she finds out weve got exams in three 
days time. She hasnt studied. It might be kinder to 
leave her where she is till theyre over. 

Just then, Ginny Weasley came over and sat down 
next to Ron. She looked tense and nervous, and Harry 
noticed that her hands were twisting in her lap. 

Whats up? said Ron, helping himself to more 
porridge. 

  317 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ginny didnt say anything, but glanced up and down 
the Gryffindor table with a scared look on her face 
that reminded Harry of someone, though he couldnt 
think who. 

Spit it out, said Ron, watching her. 

Harry suddenly realized who Ginny looked like. She 
was rocking backward and forward slightly in her 
chair, exactly like Dobby did when he was teetering 
on the edge of revealing forbidden information. 

Ive got to tell you something, Ginny mumbled, 
carefully not looking at Harry. 

What is it? said Harry. 

Ginny looked as though she couldnt find the right 
words. 

What? said Ron. 

Ginny opened her mouth, but no sound came out. 
Harry leaned forward and spoke quietly, so that only 
Ginny and Ron could hear him. 

Is it something about the Chamber of Secrets? Have 
you seen something? Someone acting oddly? 

Ginny drew a deep breath and, at that precise 
moment, Percy Weasley appeared, looking tired and 
wan. 

If youve finished eating, Ill take that seat, Ginny. Im 
starving, Ive only just come off patrol duty. 

Ginny jumped up as though her chair had just been 
electrified, gave Percy a fleeting, frightened look, and 



  318 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




scampered away. Percy sat down and grabbed a mug 
from the center of the table. 



Percy! said Ron angrily. She was just about to tell 
us something important! 

Halfway through a gulp of tea, Percy choked. 

What sort of thing? he said, coughing. 

I just asked her if shed seen anything odd, and she 
started to say   

Oh  that  thats nothing to do with the Chamber 
of Secrets, said Percy at once. 

How do you know? said Ron, his eyebrows raised. 

Well, er, if you must know, Ginny, er, walked in on 
me the other day when I was  well, never mind  
the point is, she spotted me doing something and I, 
um, I asked her not to mention it to anybody. I must 
say, I did think shed keep her word. Its nothing, 
really, Id just rather   

Harry had never seen Percy look so uncomfortable. 

What were you doing, Percy? said Ron, grinning. 

Go on, tell us, we wont laugh. 

Percy didnt smile back. 

Pass me those rolls, Harry, Im starving. 

Harry knew the whole mystery might be solved 
tomorrow without their help, but he wasnt about to 
pass up a chance to speak to Myrtle if it turned up  
and to his delight it did, midmorning, when they were 
being led to History of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart. 

  319 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Lockhart, who had so often assured them that all 
danger had passed, only to be proved wrong right 
away, was now wholeheartedly convinced that it was 
hardly worth the trouble to see them safely down the 
corridors. His hair wasnt as sleek as usual; it seemed 
he had been up most of the night, patrolling the 
fourth floor. 

Mark my words, he said, ushering them around a 
corner. The first words out of those poor Petrified 
peoples mouths will be It was Hagrid. Frankly, Im 
astounded Professor McGonagall thinks all these 
security measures are necessary. 

I agree, sir, said Harry, making Ron drop his books 
in surprise. 

Thank you, Harry, said Lockhart graciously while 
they waited for a long line of Hufflepuffs to pass. I 
mean, we teachers have quite enough to be getting on 
with, without walking students to classes and 
standing guard all night. ... 

Thats right, said Ron, catching on. Why dont you 
leave us here, sir, weve only got one more corridor to 
go 



You know, Weasley, I think I will, said Lockhart. I 
really should go and prepare my next class   

And he hurried off. 

Prepare his class, Ron sneered after him. Gone to 
curl his hair, more like. 

They let the rest of the Gryffindors draw ahead of 
them, then darted down a side passage and hurried 
off toward Moaning Myrtles bathroom. But just as 



  320 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




they were congratulating each other on their brilliant 
scheme  

Potter! Weasley! What are you doing? 

It was Professor McGonagall, and her mouth was the 
thinnest of thin lines. 

We were  we were   Ron stammered. We were 
going to  to go and see   

Hermione, said Harry. Ron and Professor 
McGonagall both looked at him. 

We havent seen her for ages, Professor, Harry went 
on hurriedly, treading on Rons foot, and we thought 
wed sneak into the hospital wing, you know, and tell 
her the Mandrakes are nearly ready and, er, not to 
worry   

Professor McGonagall was still staring at him, and for 
a moment, Harry thought she was going to explode, 
but when she spoke, it was in a strangely croaky 
voice. 

Of course, she said, and Harry, amazed, saw a tear 
glistening in her beady eye. Of course, I realize this 
has all been hardest on the friends of those who have 
been ... I quite understand. Yes, Potter, of course you 
may visit Miss Granger. I will inform Professor Binns 
where youve gone. Tell Madam Pomfrey I have given 
my permission. 

Harry and Ron walked away, hardly daring to believe 
that theyd avoided detention. As they turned the 
corner, they distinctly heard Professor McGonagall 
blow her nose. 



  321 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




That, said Ron fervently, was the best story youve 
ever come up with. 

They had no choice now but to go to the hospital wing 
and tell Madam Pomfrey that they had Professor 
McGonagalls permission to visit Hermione. 

Madam Pomfrey let them in, but reluctantly. 

Theres just no point talking to a Petrified person, 
she said, and they had to admit she had a point when 
theyd taken their seats next to Hermione. It was 
plain that Hermione didnt have the faintest inkling 
that she had visitors, and that they might just as well 
tell her bedside cabinet not to worry for all the good it 
would do. 

Wonder if she did see the attacker, though? said 
Ron, looking sadly at Hermione s rigid face. Because 
if he sneaked up on them all, no onell ever know. ... 

But Harry wasnt looking at Hermiones face. He was 
more interested in her right hand. It lay clenched on 
top of her blankets, and bending closer, he saw that a 
piece of paper was scrunched inside her fist. 

Making sure that Madam Pomfrey was nowhere near, 
he pointed this out to Ron. 

Try and get it out, Ron whispered, shifting his chair 
so that he blocked Harry from Madam Pomfreys view. 

It was no easy task. Hermiones hand was clamped so 
tightly around the paper that Harry was sure he was 
going to tear it. While Ron kept watch he tugged and 
twisted, and at last, after several tense minutes, the 
paper came free. 



  322 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




It was a  torn from a very old library book. Harry 
smoothed it out eagerly and Ron leaned close to read 
it, too. 



Of the many fearsome beasts and monsters that roam 
our land, there is none more curious or more deadly 
than the Basilisk, known also as the King of Serpents. 
This snake, which may reach gigantic size and live 
many hundreds of years, is born from a chickens egg, 
hatched beneath a toad. Its methods of killing are 
most wondrous, for aside from its deadly and 
venomous fangs, the Basilisk has a murderous stare, 
and all who are fixed with the beam of its eye shall 
suffer instant death. Spiders flee before the Basilisk, 
for it is their mortal enemy, and the Basilisk flees only 
from the crowing of the rooster, which is fatal to it. 

And beneath this, a single word had been written, in 
a hand Harry recognized as Hermiones. Pipes. 

It was as though somebody had just flicked a light on 
in his brain. 

Ron, he breathed. This is it. This is the answer. The 
monster in the Chambers a basilisk  a giant 
serpent! Thats why Ive been hearing that voice all 
over the place, and nobody else has heard it. Its 
because I understand Parseltongue. ... 

Harry looked up at the beds around him. 

The basilisk kills people by looking at them. But no 
ones died  because no one looked it straight in the 
eye. Colin saw it through his camera. The basilisk 
burned up all the film inside it, but Colin just got 
Petrified. Justin ... Justin mustve seen the basilisk 
through Nearly Headless Nick! Nick got the full blast 
  323 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




of it, but he couldnt die again ... and Hermione and 
that Ravenclaw prefect were found with a mirror next 
to them. Hermione had just realized the monster was 
a basilisk. I bet you anything she warned the first 
person she met to look around corners with a mirror 
first! And that girl pulled out her mirror  and   

Rons jaw had dropped. 

And Mrs. Norris? he whispered eagerly. 

Harry thought hard, picturing the scene on the night 
of Halloween. 

The water ... he said slowly. The flood from 
Moaning Myrtles bathroom. I bet you Mrs. Norris 
only saw the reflection. ... 

He scanned the  in his hand eagerly. The more 
he looked at it, the more it made sense. 

"... The crowing of the rooster ... is fatal to if! he read 
aloud. Hagrids roosters were killed! The Heir of 
Slytherin didnt want one anywhere near the castle 
once the Chamber was opened! Spiders flee before it\ 

It all fits! 

But hows the basilisk been getting around the 
place? said Ron. A giant snake ... Someone wouldve 
seen ... 

Harry, however, pointed at the word Hermione had 
scribbled at the foot of the . 

Pipes, he said. Pipes ... Ron, its been using the 
plumbing. Ive been hearing that voice inside the 
walls. ... 

Ron suddenly grabbed Harrys arm. 

  324 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The entrance to the Chamber of Secrets! he said 
hoarsely. What if its a bathroom? What if its in   

  Moaning Myrtles bathroom, said Harry. 

They sat there, excitement coursing through them, 
hardly able to believe it. 

This means, said Harry, I cant be the only 
Parselmouth in the school. The Heir of Slytherins 
one, too. Thats how hes been controlling the 
basilisk. 

Whatre we going to do? said Ron, whose eyes were 
flashing. Should we go straight to McGonagall? 

Lets go to the staffroom, said Harry, jumping up. 
Shell be there in ten minutes. Its nearly break. 

They ran downstairs. Not wanting to be discovered 
hanging around in another corridor, they went 
straight into the deserted staffroom. It was a large, 
paneled room full of dark, wooden chairs. Harry and 
Ron paced around it, too excited to sit down. 

But the bell to signal break never came. 

Instead, echoing through the corridors came Professor 
McGonagalls voice, magically magnified. 

All students to return to their House dormitories at 
once. All teachers return to the staffroom. Immediately, 
please. 

Harry wheeled around to stare at Ron. 

Not another attack? Not now? 



  325 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Whatll we do? said Ron, aghast. Go back to the 
dormitory? 

No, said Harry, glancing around. There was an ugly 
sort of wardrobe to his left, full of the teachers 
cloaks. In here. Lets hear what its all about. Then 
we can tell them what weve found out. 

They hid themselves inside it, listening to the 
rumbling of hundreds of people moving overhead, and 
the staffroom door banging open. From between the 
musty folds of the cloaks, they watched the teachers 
filtering into the room. Some of them were looking 
puzzled, others downright scared. Then Professor 
McGonagall arrived. 

It has happened, she told the silent staffroom. A 
student has been taken by the monster. Right into 
the Chamber itself. 

Professor Flitwick let out a squeal. Professor Sprout 
clapped her hands over her mouth. Snape gripped the 
back of a chair very hard and said, How can you be 
sure? 

The Heir of Slytherin, said Professor McGonagall, 
who was very white, left another message. Right 
underneath the first one. Her skeleton will lie in the 
Chamber forever.  

Professor Flitwick burst into tears. 

Who is it? said Madam Hooch, who had sunk, weak 
kneed, into a chair. Which student? 

Ginny Weasley, said Professor McGonagall. 

Harry felt Ron slide silently down onto the wardrobe 
floor beside him. 

  326 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




We shall have to send all the students home 
tomorrow, said Professor McGonagall. This is the 
end of Hogwarts. Dumbledore always said ... 

The staffroom door banged open again. For one wild 
moment, Harry was sure it would be Dumbledore. 

But it was Lockhart, and he was beaming. 

So sorry  dozed off  what have I missed? 

He didnt seem to notice that the other teachers were 
looking at him with something remarkably like 
hatred. Snape stepped forward. 

Just the man, he said. The very man. A girl has 
been snatched by the monster, Lockhart. Taken into 
the Chamber of Secrets itself. Your moment has come 
at last. 

Lockhart blanched. 

Thats right, Gilderoy, chipped in Professor Sprout. 
Werent you saying just last night that youve known 
all along where the entrance to the Chamber of 
Secrets is? 

I  well, I   sputtered Lockhart. 

Yes, didnt you tell me you were sure you knew what 
was inside it? piped up Professor Flitwick. 

Ddid I? I dont recall   

I certainly remember you saying you were sorry you 
hadnt had a crack at the monster before Hagrid was 
arrested, said Snape. Didnt you say that the whole 
affair had been bungled, and that you should have 
been given a free rein from the first? 



  327 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Lockhart stared around at his stonyfaced colleagues. 



I  I really never  you may have misunderstood   

Well leave it to you, then, Gilderoy, said Professor 
McGonagall. Tonight will be an excellent time to do 
it. Well make sure everyones out of your way. Youll 
be able to tackle the monster all by yourself. A free 
rein at last. 

Lockhart gazed desperately around him, but nobody 
came to the rescue. He didnt look remotely handsome 
anymore. His lip was trembling, and in the absence of 
his usually toothy grin, he looked weakchinned and 
feeble. 

Vvery well, he said. Ill  Ill be in my office, 
getting  getting ready. 

And he left the room. 

Right, said Professor McGonagall, whose nostrils 
were flared, thats got him out from under our feet. 
The Heads of Houses should go and inform their 
students what has happened. Tell them the Hogwarts 
Express will take them home first thing tomorrow. 

Will the rest of you please make sure no students 
have been left outside their dormitories. 

The teachers rose and left, one by one. 



It was probably the worst day of Harrys entire life. 

He, Ron, Fred, and George sat together in a corner of 
the Gryffindor common room, unable to say anything 
to each other. Percy wasnt there. He had gone to 
send an owl to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, then shut 
himself up in his dormitory. 

  328 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




No afternoon ever lasted as long as that one, nor had 
Gryffindor Tower ever been so crowded, yet so quiet. 
Near sunset, Fred and George went up to bed, unable 
to sit there any longer. 

She knew something, Harry, said Ron, speaking for 
the first time since they had entered the wardrobe in 
the staffroom. Thats why she was taken. It wasnt 
some stupid thing about Percy at all. Shed found out 
something about the Chamber of Secrets. That must 
be why she was   Ron rubbed his eyes frantically. I 
mean, she was a pureblood. There cant be any other 
reason. 

Harry could see the sun sinking, bloodred, below the 
skyline. This was the worst he had ever felt. If only 
there was something they could do. Anything. 

Harry, said Ron. Dyou think theres any chance at 
all shes not  you know   

Harry didnt know what to say. He couldnt see how 
Ginny could still be alive. 

Dyou know what? said Ron. I think we should go 
and see Lockhart. Tell him what we know. Hes going 
to try and get into the Chamber. We can tell him 
where we think it is, and tell him its a basilisk in 
there. 

Because Harry couldnt think of anything else to do, 
and because he wanted to be doing something, he 
agreed. The Gryffindors around them were so 
miserable, and felt so sorry for the Weasleys, that 
nobody tried to stop them as they got up, crossed the 
room, and left through the portrait hole. 

Darkness was falling as they walked down to 
Lockharts office. There seemed to be a lot of activity 

  329 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




going on inside it. They could hear scraping, thumps, 
and hurried footsteps. 

Harry knocked and there was a sudden silence from 
inside. Then the door opened the tiniest crack and 
they saw one of Lockharts eyes peering through it. 

Oh  Mr. Potter  Mr. Weasley   he said, opening 
the door a bit wider. Im rather busy at the moment 
 if you would be quick   

Professor, weve got some information for you, said 
Harry. We think itll help you. 

Er  well  its not terribly   The side of 
Lockharts face that they could see looked very 
uncomfortable. I mean  well  all right   

He opened the door and they entered. 

His office had been almost completely stripped. Two 
large trunks stood open on the floor. Robes, jade 
green, lilac, midnightblue, had been hastily folded 
into one of them; books were jumbled untidily into 
the other. The photographs that had covered the walls 
were now crammed into boxes on the desk. 

Are you going somewhere? said Harry. 

Er, well, yes, said Lockhart, ripping a lifesize poster 
of himself from the back of the door as he spoke and 
starting to roll it up. Urgent call  unavoidable  
got to go   

What about my sister? said Ron jerkily. 

Well, as to that  most unfortunate   said 
Lockhart, avoiding their eyes as he wrenched open a 



  330 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




drawer and started emptying the contents into a bag. 
No one regrets more than I   

Youre the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher! 
said Harry. You cant go now! Not with all the Dark 
stuff going on here! 

Well  I must say  when I took the job   
Lockhart muttered, now piling socks on top of his 
robes, nothing in the job description  didnt expect 



You mean youre running away? said Harry 
disbelievingly. After all that stuff you did in your 
books   

Books can be misleading, said Lockhart delicately. 

You wrote them! Harry shouted. 

My dear boy, said Lockhart, straightening up and 
frowning at Harry. Do use your common sense. My 
books wouldnt have sold half as well if people didnt 
think Id done all those things. No one wants to read 
about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if he did 
save a village from werewolves. Hed look dreadful on 
the front cover. No dress sense at all. And the witch 
who banished the Bandon Banshee had a hairy chin. 

I mean, come on   

So youve just been taking credit for what a load of 
other people have done? said Harry incredulously. 

Harry, Harry, said Lockhart, shaking his head 
impatiently, its not nearly as simple as that. There 
was work involved. I had to track these people down. 
Ask them exactly how they managed to do what they 
did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on them so 
they wouldnt remember doing it. If theres one thing I 
  331 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




pride myself on, its my Memory Charms. No, its been 
a lot of work, Harry. Its not all book signings and 
publicity photos, you know. You want fame, you have 
to be prepared for a long hard slog. 

He banged the lids of his trunks shut and locked 
them. 

Lets see, he said. I think thats everything. Yes. 
Only one thing left. 

He pulled out his wand and turned to them. 

Awfully sorry, boys, but Ill have to put a Memory 
Charm on you now. Cant have you blabbing my 
secrets all over the place. Id never sell another book 



Harry reached his wand just in time. Lockhart had 
barely raised his, when Harry bellowed, 

 Expelliarmus\  

Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over his 
trunk; his wand flew high into the air; Ron caught it, 
and flung it out of the open window. 

Shouldnt have let Professor Snape teach us that 
one, said Harry furiously, kicking Lockharts trunk 
aside. Lockhart was looking up at him, feeble once 
more. Harry was still pointing his wand at him. 

What dyou want me to do? said Lockhart weakly. I 
dont know where the Chamber of Secrets is. Theres 
nothing I can do. 

Youre in luck, said Harry, forcing Lockhart to his 
feet at wandpoint. We think we know where it is. 
And whats inside it. Lets go. 



  332 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




They marched Lockhart out of his office and down the 
nearest stairs, along the dark corridor where the 
messages shone on the wall, to the door of Moaning 
Myrtles bathroom. 

They sent Lockhart in first. Harry was pleased to see 
that he was shaking. 

Moaning Myrtle was sitting on the tank of the end 
toilet. 

Oh, its you, she said when she saw Harry. What do 
you want this time? 

To ask you how you died, said Harry. 

Myrtles whole aspect changed at once. She looked as 
though she had never been asked such a flattering 
question. 

Ooooh, it was dreadful, she said with relish. It 
happened right in here. I died in this very stall. I 
remember it so well. Id hidden because Olive Hornby 
was teasing me about my glasses. The door was 
locked, and I was crying, and then I heard somebody 
come in. They said something funny. A different 
language, I think it must have been. Anyway, what 
really got me was that it was a boy speaking. So I 
unlocked the door, to tell him to go and use his own 
toilet, and then   Myrtle swelled importantly, her 
face shining. I died. 

How? said Harry. 

No idea, said Myrtle in hushed tones. I just 
remember seeing a pair of great, big, yellow eyes. My 
whole body sort of seized up, and then I was floating 
away. ... She looked dreamily at Harry. And then I 
came back again. I was determined to haunt Olive 
  333 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hornby, you see. Oh, she was sorry shed ever 
laughed at my glasses. 

Where exactly did you see the eyes? said Harry. 

Somewhere there, said Myrtle, pointing vaguely 
toward the sink in front of her toilet. 

Harry and Ron hurried over to it. Lockhart was 
standing well back, a look of utter terror on his face. 

It looked like an ordinary sink. They examined every 
inch of it, inside and out, including the pipes below. 
And then Harry saw it: Scratched on the side of one of 
the copper taps was a tiny snake. 

That taps never worked, said Myrtle brightly as he 
tried to turn it. 

Harry, said Ron. Say something. Something in 
Parseltongue. 

But   Harry thought hard. The only times hed ever 
managed to speak Parseltongue were when hed been 
faced with a real snake. He stared hard at the tiny 
engraving, trying to imagine it was real. 

Open up, he said. 

He looked at Ron, who shook his head. 

English, he said. 

Harry looked back at the snake, willing himself to 
believe it was alive. If he moved his head, the 
candlelight made it look as though it were moving. 

Open up, he said. 



  334 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Except that the words werent what he heard; a 
strange hissing had escaped him, and at once the tap 
glowed with a brilliant white light and began to spin. 
Next second, the sink began to move; the sink, in fact, 
sank, right out of sight, leaving a large pipe exposed, 
a pipe wide enough for a man to slide into. 

Harry heard Ron gasp and looked up again. He had 
made up his mind what he was going to do. 

Im going down there, he said. 

He couldnt not go, not now they had found the 
entrance to the Chamber, not if there was even the 
faintest, slimmest, wildest chance that Ginny might 
be alive. 

Me too, said Ron. 

There was a pause. 

Well, you hardly seem to need me, said Lockhart, 
with a shadow of his old smile. Ill just   

He put his hand on the door knob, but Ron and Harry 
both pointed their wands at him. 

You can go first, Ron snarled. 

Whitefaced and wandless, Lockhart approached the 
opening. 

Boys, he said, his voice feeble. Boys, what good will 
it do? 

Harry jabbed him in the back with his wand. 

Lockhart slid his legs into the pipe. 



  335 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I really dont think   he started to say, but Ron 
gave him a push, and he slid out of sight. Harry 
followed quickly. He lowered himself slowly into the 
pipe, then let go. 

It was like rushing down an endless, slimy, dark 
slide. He could see more pipes branching off in all 
directions, but none as large as theirs, which twisted 
and turned, sloping steeply downward, and he knew 
that he was falling deeper below the school than even 
the dungeons. Behind him he could hear Ron, 
thudding slightly at the curves. 

And then, just as he had begun to worry about what 
would happen when he hit the ground, the pipe 
leveled out, and he shot out of the end with a wet 
thud, landing on the damp floor of a dark stone 
tunnel large enough to stand in. Lockhart was getting 
to his feet a little ways away, covered in slime and 
white as a ghost. Harry stood aside as Ron came 
whizzing out of the pipe, too. 

We must be miles under the school, said Harry, his 
voice echoing in the black tunnel. 

Under the lake, probably, said Ron, squinting 
around at the dark, slimy walls. 

All three of them turned to stare into the darkness 
ahead. 

Lumosl Harry muttered to his wand and it lit again. 
Cmon, he said to Ron and Lockhart, and off they 
went, their footsteps slapping loudly on the wet floor. 

The tunnel was so dark that they could only see a 
little distance ahead. Their shadows on the wet walls 
looked monstrous in the wandlight. 



  336 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Remember, Harry said quietly as they walked 
cautiously forward, any sign of movement, close your 
eyes right away. ... 

But the tunnel was quiet as the grave, and the first 
unexpected sound they heard was a loud crunch as 
Ron stepped on what turned out to be a rats skull. 
Harry lowered his wand to look at the floor and saw 
that it was littered with small animal bones. Trying 
very hard not to imagine what Ginny might look like if 
they found her, Harry led the way forward, around a 
dark bend in the tunnel. 

Harry  theres something up there   said Ron 
hoarsely, grabbing Harrys shoulder. 

They froze, watching. Harry could just see the outline 
of something huge and curved, lying right across the 
tunnel. It wasnt moving. 

Maybe its asleep, he breathed, glancing back at the 
other two. Lockharts hands were pressed over his 
eyes. Harry turned back to look at the thing, his heart 
beating so fast it hurt. 

Very slowly, his eyes as narrow as he could make 
them and still see, Harry edged forward, his wand 
held high. 

The light slid over a gigantic snake skin, of a vivid, 
poisonous green, lying curled and empty across the 
tunnel floor. The creature that had shed it must have 
been twenty feet long at least. 

Blimey, said Ron weakly. 

There was a sudden movement behind them. Gilderoy 
Lockharts knees had given way. 



  337 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Get up, said Ron sharply, pointing his wand at 
Lockhart. 

Lockhart got to his feet  then he dived at Ron, 
knocking him to the ground. 

Harry jumped forward, but too late  Lockhart was 
straightening up, panting, Rons wand in his hand 
and a gleaming smile back on his face. 

The adventure ends here, boys! he said. I shall take 
a bit of this skin back up to the school, tell them I 
was too late to save the girl, and that you two 
tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled 
body  say goodbye to your memories! 

He raised Rons Spellotaped wand high over his head 
and yelled, Obliviatel 

The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. 
Harry flung his arms over his head and ran, slipping 
over the coils of snake skin, out of the way of great 
chunks of tunnel ceiling that were thundering to the 
floor. Next moment, he was standing alone, gazing at 
a solid wall of broken rock. 

Ron! he shouted. Are you okay? Ron! 

Im here! came Rons muffled voice from behind the 
rockfall. Im okay  this gits not, though  he got 
blasted by the wand   

There was a dull thud and a loud ow! It sounded as 
though Ron had just kicked Lockhart in the shins. 

What now? Rons voice said, sounding desperate. 
We cant get through  itll take ages. ... 



  338 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge cracks 
had appeared in it. He had never tried to break apart 
anything as large as these rocks by magic, and now 
didnt seem a good moment to try  what if the whole 
tunnel caved in? 

There was another thud and another ow! from 
behind the rocks. They were wasting time. Ginny had 
already been in the Chamber of Secrets for hours. ... 
Harry knew there was only one thing to do. 

Wait there, he called to Ron. Wait with Lockhart. Ill 
go on. ... If Im not back in an hour ... 

There was a very pregnant pause. 

Ill try and shift some of this rock, said Ron, who 
seemed to be trying to keep his voice steady. So you 
can  can get back through. And, Harry   

See you in a bit, said Harry, trying to inject some 
confidence into his shaking voice. 

And he set off alone past the giant snake skin. 

Soon the distant noise of Ron straining to shift the 
rocks was gone. The tunnel turned and turned again. 
Every nerve in Harrys body was tingling 
unpleasantly. He wanted the tunnel to end, yet 
dreaded what hed find when it did. And then, at last, 
as he crept around yet another bend, he saw a solid 
wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were 
carved, their eyes set with great, glinting emeralds. 

Harry approached, his throat very dry. There was no 
need to pretend these stone snakes were real; their 
eyes looked strangely alive. 



  339 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




He could guess what he had to do. He cleared his 
throat, and the emerald eyes seemed to flicker. 

Open, said Harry, in a low, faint hiss. 

The serpents parted as the wall cracked open, the 
halves slid smoothly out of sight, and Harry, shaking 
from head to foot, walked inside. 



  340 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






THE HEIR OF SLYTHERIN 

He was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit 
chamber. Towering stone pillars entwined with more 
carved serpents rose to support a ceiling lost in 
darkness, casting long, black shadows through the 
odd, greenish gloom that filled the place. 

His heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to 
the chill silence. Could the basilisk be lurking in a 
shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And where was 
Ginny? 

He pulled out his wand and moved forward between 
the serpentine columns. Every careful footstep echoed 
loudly off the shadowy walls. He kept his eyes 
narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest 
sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone 
snakes seemed to be following him. More than once, 
with a jolt of the stomach, he thought he saw one stir. 

Then, as he drew level with the last pair of pillars, a 
statue high as the Chamber itself loomed into view, 
standing against the back wall. 

  341 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



Harry had to crane his neck to look up into the giant 
face above: It was ancient and monkeyish, with a 
long, thin beard that fell almost to the bottom of the 
wizards sweeping stone robes, where two enormous 
gray feet stood on the smooth Chamber floor. And 
between the feet, facedown, lay a small, blackrobed 
figure with flamingred hair. 

Ginnyl Harry muttered, sprinting to her and 
dropping to his knees. Ginny  dont be dead  
please dont be dead   He flung his wand aside, 
grabbed Ginnys shoulders, and turned her over. Her 
face was white as marble, and as cold, yet her eyes 
were closed, so she wasnt Petrified. But then she 
must be  

Ginny, please wake up, Harry muttered desperately, 
shaking her. Ginnys head lolled hopelessly from side 
to side. 

She wont wake, said a soft voice. 

Harry jumped and spun around on his knees. 

A tall, blackhaired boy was leaning against the 
nearest pillar, watching. He was strangely blurred 
around the edges, as though Harry were looking at 
him through a misted window. But there was no 
mistaking him  

Tom  Tom Riddle? 

Riddle nodded, not taking his eyes off Harrys face. 

What dyou mean, she wont wake? Harry said 
desperately. Shes not  shes not  ? 

Shes still alive, said Riddle. But only just. 



  342 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry stared at him. Tom Riddle had been at 
Hogwarts fifty years ago, yet here he stood, a weird, 
misty light shining about him, not a day older than 
sixteen. 

Are you a ghost? Harry said uncertainly. 

A memory, said Riddle quietly. Preserved in a diary 
for fifty years. 

He pointed toward the floor near the statues giant 
toes. Lying open there was the little black diary Harry 
had found in Moaning Myrtles bathroom. For a 
second, Harry wondered how it had got there  but 
there were more pressing matters to deal with. 

Youve got to help me, Tom, Harry said, raising 
Ginnys head again. Weve got to get her out of here. 
Theres a basilisk ... I dont know where it is, but it 
could be along any moment. ... Please, help me   

Riddle didnt move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist 
Ginny half off the floor, and bent to pick up his wand 
again. 

But his wand had gone. 

Did you see  ? 

He looked up. Riddle was still watching him  
twirling Harrys wand between his long fingers. 

Thanks, said Harry, stretching out his hand for it. 

A smile curled the corners of Riddles mouth. He 
continued to stare at Harry, twirling the wand idly. 



  343 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Listen, said Harry urgently, his knees sagging with 
Ginnys dead weight. Weve got to go\ If the basilisk 
comes   

It wont come until it is called, said Riddle calmly. 

Harry lowered Ginny back onto the floor, unable to 
hold her up any longer. 

What dyou mean? he said. Look, give me my wand, 
I might need it   

Riddles smile broadened. 

You wont be needing it, he said. 

Harry stared at him. 

What dyou mean, I wont be  ? 

Ive waited a long time for this, Harry Potter, said 
Riddle. For the chance to see you. To speak to you. 

Look, said Harry, losing patience, I dont think you 
get it. Were in the Chamber of Secrets. We can talk 
later   

Were going to talk now, said Riddle, still smiling 
broadly, and he pocketed Harrys wand. 

Harry stared at him. There was something very funny 
going on here. ... 

How did Ginny get like this? he asked slowly. 

Well, thats an interesting question, said Riddle 
pleasantly. And quite a long story. I suppose the real 
reason Ginny Weasleys like this is because she 



  344 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




opened her heart and spilled all her secrets to an 
invisible stranger. 

What are you talking about? said Harry. 

The diary, said Riddle. My diary. Little Ginnys been 
writing in it for months and months, telling me all her 
pitiful worries and woes  how her brothers tease 
her, how she had to come to school with secondhand 
robes and books, how  Riddles eyes glinted  

how she didnt think famous, good, great Harry 
Potter would ever like her. ... 

All the time he spoke, Riddles eyes never left Harrys 
face. There was an almost hungry look in them. 

Its very boring, having to listen to the silly little 
troubles of an elevenyearold girl, he went on. But I 
was patient. I wrote back. I was sympathetic, I was 
kind. Ginny simply loved me. No ones ever 
understood me like you, Tom. ... Im so glad Ive got 
this diary to confide in. ... Its like having a friend I can 
carry around in my pocket. ... 

Riddle laughed, a high, cold laugh that didnt suit 
him. It made the hairs stand up on the back of 
Harrys neck. 

If I say it myself, Harry, Ive always been able to 
charm the people I needed. So Ginny poured out her 
soul to me, and her soul happened to be exactly what 
I wanted. ... I grew stronger and stronger on a diet of 
her deepest fears, her darkest secrets. I grew 
powerful, far more powerful than little Miss Weasley. 
Powerful enough to start feeding Miss Weasley a few 
of my secrets, to start pouring a little of my soul back 
into her ... 



  345 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




What dyou mean? said Harry, whose mouth had 
gone very dry. 

Havent you guessed yet, Harry Potter? said Riddle 
softly. Ginny Weasley opened the Chamber of 
Secrets. She strangled the school roosters and 
daubed threatening messages on the walls. She set 
the Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods, and the 
Squibs cat. 

No, Harry whispered. 

Yes, said Riddle, calmly. Of course, she didnt know 
what she was doing at first. It was very amusing. I 
wish you could have seen her new diary entries . . . far 
more interesting, they became. ... Dear Tom, he 
recited, watching Harrys horrified face, 7 think Im 
losing my memory. There are rooster feathers all over 
my robes and I dont know how they got there. Dear 
Tom, I cant remember what I did on the night of 
Halloween, but a cat was attacked and Ive got paint 
all down my front. Dear Tom, Percy keeps telling me 
Im pale and Im not myself. I think he suspects me. . . . 
There was another attack today and I dont know 
where I was. Tom, what am I going to do? I think Im 
going mad. ... I think Im the one attacking everyone, 
Tom\ 

Harrys fists were clenched, the nails digging deep 
into his palms. 

It took a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop 
trusting her diary, said Riddle. But she finally 
became suspicious and tried to dispose of it. And 
thats where you came in, Harry. You found it, and I 
couldnt have been more delighted. Of all the people 
who could have picked it up, it was you, the very 
person I was most anxious to meet. ... 



  346 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And why did you want to meet me? said Harry. 

Anger was coursing through him, and it was an effort 
to keep his voice steady. 

Well, you see, Ginny told me all about you, Harry, 
said Riddle. Your whole fascinating history. His eyes 
roved over the lightning scar on Harrys forehead, and 
their expression grew hungrier. I knew I must find 
out more about you, talk to you, meet you if I could. 
So I decided to show you my famous capture of that 
great oaf, Hagrid, to gain your trust   

Hagrids my friend, said Harry, his voice now 
shaking. And you framed him, didnt you? I thought 
you made a mistake, but   

Riddle laughed his high laugh again. 

It was my word against Hagrids, Harry. Well, you 
can imagine how it looked to old Armando Dippet. On 
the one hand, Tom Riddle, poor but brilliant, 
parentless but so brave, school prefect, model student 
... on the other hand, big, blundering Hagrid, in 
trouble every other week, trying to raise werewolf 
cubs under his bed, sneaking off to the Forbidden 
Forest to wrestle trolls ... but I admit, even / was 
surprised how well the plan worked. I thought 
someone must realize that Hagrid couldnt possibly be 
the Heir of Slytherin. It had taken me five whole years 
to find out everything I could about the Chamber of 
Secrets and discover the secret entrance ... as though 
Hagrid had the brains, or the power! 

Only the Transfiguration teacher, Dumbledore, 
seemed to think Hagrid was innocent. He persuaded 
Dippet to keep Hagrid and train him as gamekeeper. 
Yes, I think Dumbledore might have guessed. ... 
Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the 
other teachers did. ... 

  347 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




I bet Dumbledore saw right through you, said 
Harry, his teeth gritted. 

Well, he certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on 
me after Hagrid was expelled, said Riddle carelessly. 
I knew it wouldnt be safe to open the Chamber again 
while I was still at school. But I wasnt going to waste 
those long years Id spent searching for it. I decided to 
leave behind a diary, preserving my sixteenyearold 
self in its s, so that one day, with luck, I would 
be able to lead another in my footsteps, and finish 
Salazar Slytherins noble work. 

Well, you havent finished it, said Harry 
triumphantly. No ones died this time, not even the 
cat. In a few hours the Mandrake Draught will be 
ready and everyone who was Petrified will be all right 
again   

Havent I already told you, said Riddle quietly, that 
killing Mudbloods doesnt matter to me anymore? For 
many months now, my new target has been  you. 

Harry stared at him. 

Imagine how angry I was when the next time my 
diary was opened, it was Ginny who was writing to 
me, not you. She saw you with the diary, you see, and 
panicked. What if you found out how to work it, and I 
repeated all her secrets to you? What if, even worse, I 
told you whod been strangling roosters? So the 
foolish little brat waited until your dormitory was 
deserted and stole it back. But I knew what I must 
do. It was clear to me that you were on the trail of 
Slytherins heir. From everything Ginny had told me 
about you, I knew you would go to any lengths to 
solve the mystery  particularly if one of your best 
friends was attacked. And Ginny had told me the 



  348 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




whole school was buzzing because you could speak 
Parseltongue. ... 

So I made Ginny write her own farewell on the wall 
and come down here to wait. She struggled and cried 
and became very boring. But there isnt much life left 
in her. ... She put too much into the diary, into me. 
Enough to let me leave its s at last. ... I have 
been waiting for you to appear since we arrived here. I 
knew youd come. I have many questions for you, 
Harry Potter. 

Like what? Harry spat, fists still clenched. 

Well, said Riddle, smiling pleasantly, how is it that 
you  a skinny boy with no extraordinary magical 
talent  managed to defeat the greatest wizard of all 
time? How did you escape with nothing but a scar, 
while Lord Voldemorts powers were destroyed? 

There was an odd red gleam in his hungry eyes now. 

Why do you care how I escaped? said Harry slowly. 
Voldemort was after your time. ... 

Voldemort, said Riddle softly, is my past, present, 
and future, Harry Potter. ... 

He pulled Harrys wand from his pocket and began to 
trace it through the air, writing three shimmering 
words: 

tom marvolo riddle 

Then he waved the wand once, and the letters of his 
name rearranged themselves: 

i am lord voldemort 



  349 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




You see? he whispered. It was a name I was already 
using at Hogwarts, to my most intimate friends only, 
of course. You think I was going to use my filthy 
Muggle fathers name forever? I, in whose veins runs 
the blood of Salazar Slytherin himself, through my 
mothers side? I, keep the name of a foul, common 
Muggle, who abandoned me even before I was born, 
just because he found out his wife was a witch? No, 
Harry  I fashioned myself a new name, a name I 
knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to 
speak, when I had become the greatest sorcerer in the 
world! 

Harrys brain seemed to have jammed. He stared 
numbly at Riddle, at the orphaned boy who had 
grown up to murder Harrys own parents, and so 
many others. ... At last he forced himself to speak. 

Youre not, he said, his quiet voice full of hatred. 

Not what? snapped Riddle. 

Not the greatest sorcerer in the world, said Harry, 
breathing fast. Sorry to disappoint you and all that, 
but the greatest wizard in the world is Albus 
Dumbledore. Everyone says so. Even when you were 
strong, you didnt dare try and take over at Hogwarts. 
Dumbledore saw through you when you were at 
school and he still frightens you now, wherever youre 
hiding these days   

The smile had gone from Riddles face, to be replaced 
by a very ugly look. 

Dumbledore s been driven out of this castle by the 
mere memory of me! he hissed. 



  350 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Hes not as gone as you might think! Harry retorted. 
He was speaking at random, wanting to scare Riddle, 
wishing rather than believing it to be true  

Riddle opened his mouth, but froze. 

Music was coming from somewhere. Riddle whirled 
around to stare down the empty Chamber. The music 
was growing louder. It was eerie, spinetingling, 
unearthly; it lifted the hair on Harrys scalp and made 
his heart feel as though it was swelling to twice its 
normal size. Then, as the music reached such a pitch 
that Harry felt it vibrating inside his own ribs, flames 
erupted at the top of the nearest pillar. 

A crimson bird the size of a swan had appeared, 
piping its weird music to the vaulted ceiling. It had a 
glittering golden tail as long as a peacocks and 
gleaming golden talons, which were gripping a ragged 
bundle. 

A second later, the bird was flying straight at Harry. It 
dropped the ragged thing it was carrying at his feet, 
then landed heavily on his shoulder. As it folded its 
great wings, Harry looked up and saw it had a long, 
sharp golden beak and a beady black eye. 

The bird stopped singing. It sat still and warm next to 
Harrys cheek, gazing steadily at Riddle. 

Thats a phoenix. ... said Riddle, staring shrewdly 
back at it. 

Fawkes? Harry breathed, and he felt the birds 
golden claws squeeze his shoulder gently. 

And that   said Riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing 
that Fawkes had dropped, thats the old school 
Sorting Hat   

  351 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




So it was. Patched, frayed, and dirty, the hat lay 
motionless at Harrys feet. 

Riddle began to laugh again. He laughed so hard that 
the dark Chamber rang with it, as though ten Riddles 
were laughing at once  

This is what Dumbledore sends his defender! A 
songbird and an old hat! Do you feel brave, Harry 
Potter? Do you feel safe now? 

Harry didnt answer. He might not see what use 
Fawkes or the Sorting Hat were, but he was no longer 
alone, and he waited for Riddle to stop laughing with 
his courage mounting. 

To business, Harry, said Riddle, still smiling 
broadly. Twice  in your past, in my future  we 
have met. And twice I failed to kill you. How did you 
survive ? Tell me everything. The longer you talk, he 
added softly, the longer you stay alive. 

Harry was thinking fast, weighing his chances. Riddle 
had the wand. He, Harry, had Fawkes and the Sorting 
Hat, neither of which would be much good in a duel. 

It looked bad, all right . . . but the longer Riddle stood 
there, the more life was dwindling out of Ginny ... and 
in the meantime, Harry noticed suddenly, Riddles 
outline was becoming clearer, more solid. ... If it had 
to be a fight between him and Riddle, better sooner 
than later. 

No one knows why you lost your powers when you 
attacked me, said Harry abruptly. I dont know 
myself. But I know why you couldnt kill me. Because 
my mother died to save me. My common Muggleborn 
mother, he added, shaking with suppressed rage. 
She stopped you killing me. And Ive seen the real 
you, I saw you last year. Youre a wreck. Youre barely 
  352 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




alive. Thats where all your power got you. Youre in 
hiding. Youre ugly, youre foul   

Riddles face contorted. Then he forced it into an 
awful smile. 

So. Your mother died to save you. Yes, thats a 
powerful countercharm. I can see now ... there is 
nothing special about you, after all. I wondered, you 
see. There are strange likenesses between us, after 
all. Even you must have noticed. Both halfbloods, 
orphans, raised by Muggles. Probably the only two 
Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts since the great 
Slytherin himself. We even look something alike ... 
but after all, it was merely a lucky chance that saved 
you from me. Thats all I wanted to know. 

Harry stood, tense, waiting for Riddle to raise his 
wand. But Riddles twisted smile was widening again. 

Now, Harry, Im going to teach you a little lesson. 
Lets match the powers of Lord Voldemort, Heir of 
Salazar Slytherin, against famous Harry Potter, and 
the best weapons Dumbledore can give him. ... 

He cast an amused eye over Fawkes and the Sorting 
Hat, then walked away. Harry, fear spreading up his 
numb legs, watched Riddle stop between the high 
pillars and look up into the stone face of Slytherin, 
high above him in the halfdarkness. Riddle opened 
his mouth wide and hissed  but Harry understood 
what he was saying. . . . 

 Speak to me, Slytherin , greatest of the Hogwarts 
Four. 

Harry wheeled around to look up at the statue, 
Fawkes swaying on his shoulder. 



  353 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Slytherins gigantic stone face was moving. 
Horrorstruck, Harry saw his mouth opening, wider 
and wider, to make a huge black hole. 

And something was stirring inside the statues mouth. 
Something was slithering up from its depths. 

Harry backed away until he hit the dark Chamber 
wall, and as he shut his eyes tight he felt Fawkes 
wing sweep his cheek as he took flight. Harry wanted 
to shout, Dont leave me! but what chance did a 
phoenix have against the king of serpents? 

Something huge hit the stone floor of the Chamber. 
Harry felt it shudder  he knew what was happening, 
he could sense it, could almost see the giant serpent 
uncoiling itself from Slytherins mouth. Then he heard 
Riddles hissing voice: 

Kill him. 

The basilisk was moving toward Harry; he could hear 
its heavy body slithering heavily across the dusty 
floor. Eyes still tightly shut, Harry began to run 
blindly sideways, his hands outstretched, feeling his 
way  Voldemort was laughing  

Harry tripped. He fell hard onto the stone and tasted 
blood  the serpent was barely feet from him, he 
could hear it coming  

There was a loud, explosive spitting sound right above 
him, and then something heavy hit Harry so hard 
that he was smashed into the wall. Waiting for fangs 
to sink through his body he heard more mad hissing, 
something thrashing wildly off the pillars  

He couldnt help it  he opened his eyes wide enough 
to squint at what was going on. 

  354 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick 
as an oak trunk, had raised itself high in the air and 
its great blunt head was weaving drunkenly between 
the pillars. As Harry trembled, ready to close his eyes 
if it turned, he saw what had distracted the snake. 

Fawkes was soaring around its head, and the basilisk 
was snapping furiously at him with fangs long and 
thin as sabers  

Fawkes dived. His long golden beak sank out of sight 
and a sudden shower of dark blood spattered the 
floor. The snakes tail thrashed, narrowly missing 
Harry, and before Harry could shut his eyes, it turned 

 Harry looked straight into its face and saw that its 
eyes, both its great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been 
punctured by the phoenix; blood was streaming to the 
floor, and the snake was spitting in agony. 

NO! Harry heard Riddle screaming. LEAVE THE 
BIRD! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU! 
YOU CAN STILL SMELL HIM! KILL HIM! 

The blinded serpent swayed, confused, still deadly. 
Fawkes was circling its head, piping his eerie song, 
jabbing here and there at its scaly nose as the blood 
poured from its ruined eyes. 

Help me, help me, Harry muttered wildly, someone 

 anyone   

The snakes tail whipped across the floor again. Harry 
ducked. Something soft hit his face. 

The basilisk had swept the Sorting Hat into Harrys 
arms. Harry seized it. It was all he had left, his only 
chance  he rammed it onto his head and threw 
himself flat onto the floor as the basilisks tail swung 
over him again. 

  355 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Help me  help me  Harry thought, his eyes 
screwed tight under the hat. Please help me  

There was no answering voice. Instead, the hat 
contracted, as though an invisible hand was 
squeezing it very tightly. 

Something very hard and heavy thudded onto the top 
of Harrys head, almost knocking him out. Stars 
winking in front of his eyes, he grabbed the top of the 
hat to pull it off and felt something long and hard 
beneath it. 

A gleaming silver sword had appeared inside the hat, 
its handle glittering with rubies the size of eggs. 

KILL THE BOY! LEAVE THE BIRD! THE BOY IS 
BEHIND YOU! SNIFF  SMELL HIM! 

Harry was on his feet, ready. The basilisks head was 
falling, its body coiling around, hitting pillars as it 
twisted to face him. He could see the vast, bloody eye 
sockets, see the mouth stretching wide, wide enough 
to swallow him whole, lined with fangs long as his 
sword, thin, glittering, venomous  

It lunged blindly  Harry dodged and it hit the 
Chamber wall. It lunged again, and its forked tongue 
lashed Harrys side. He raised the sword in both his 
hands  

The basilisk lunged again, and this time its aim was 
true  Harry threw his whole weight behind the 
sword and drove it to the hilt into the roof of the 
serpents mouth  

But as warm blood drenched Harrys arms, he felt a 
searing pain just above his elbow. One long, 
poisonous fang was sinking deeper and deeper into 

  356 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




his arm and it splintered as the basilisk keeled over 
sideways and fell, twitching, to the floor. 

Harry slid down the wall. He gripped the fang that 
was spreading poison through his body and wrenched 
it out of his arm. But he knew it was too late. White 
hot pain was spreading slowly and steadily from the 
wound. Even as he dropped the fang and watched his 
own blood soaking his robes, his vision went foggy. 
The Chamber was dissolving in a whirl of dull color. 

A patch of scarlet swam past, and Harry heard a soft 
clatter of claws beside him. 

Fawkes, said Harry thickly. You were fantastic, 
Fawkes. ... He felt the bird lay its beautiful head on 
the spot where the serpents fang had pierced him. 

He could hear echoing footsteps and then a dark 
shadow moved in front of him. 

Youre dead, Harry Potter, said Riddles voice above 
him. Dead. Even Dumbledores bird knows it. Do you 
see what hes doing, Potter? Hes crying. 

Harry blinked. Fawkess head slid in and out of focus. 
Thick, pearly tears were trickling down the glossy 
feathers. 

Im going to sit here and watch you die, Harry Potter. 
Take your time. Im in no hurry. 

Harry felt drowsy. Everything around him seemed to 
be spinning. 

So ends the famous Harry Potter, said Riddles 
distant voice. Alone in the Chamber of Secrets, 
forsaken by his friends, defeated at last by the Dark 
Lord he so unwisely challenged. Youll be back with 

  357 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




your dear Mudblood mother soon, Harry. ... She 
bought you twelve years of borrowed time . . . but Lord 
Voldemort got you in the end, as you knew he must. 



If this is dying, thought Harry, its not so bad. 

Even the pain was leaving him. ... 

But was this dying? Instead of going black, the 
Chamber seemed to be coming back into focus. Harry 
gave his head a little shake and there was Fawkes, 
still resting his head on Harrys arm. A pearly patch 
of tears was shining all around the wound  except 
that there was no wound  

Get away, bird, said Riddles voice suddenly. Get 
away from him  I said, get away   

Harry raised his head. Riddle was pointing Harrys 
wand at Fawkes; there was a bang like a gun, and 
Fawkes took flight again in a whirl of gold and scarlet. 

Phoenix tears ... said Riddle quietly, staring at 
Harrys arm. Of course ... healing powers ... I forgot 



He looked into Harrys face. But it makes no 
difference. In fact, I prefer it this way. Just you and 
me, Harry Potter ... you and me. ... 

He raised the wand  

Then, in a rush of wings, Fawkes had soared back 
overhead and something fell into Harrys lap  the 
diary. 

For a split second, both Harry and Riddle, wand still 
raised, stared at it. Then, without thinking, without 

  358 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




considering, as though he had meant to do it all 
along, Harry seized the basilisk fang on the floor next 
to him and plunged it straight into the heart of the 
book. 

There was a long, dreadful, piercing scream. Ink 
spurted out of the diary in torrents, streaming over 
Harrys hands, flooding the floor. Riddle was writhing 
and twisting, screaming and flailing and then  

He had gone. Harrys wand fell to the floor with a 
clatter and there was silence. Silence except for the 
steady drip drip of ink still oozing from the diary. The 
basilisk venom had burned a sizzling hole right 
through it. 

Shaking all over, Harry pulled himself up. His head 
was spinning as though hed just traveled miles by 
Floo powder. Slowly, he gathered together his wand 
and the Sorting Hat, and, with a huge tug, retrieved 
the glittering sword from the roof of the basilisks 
mouth. 

Then came a faint moan from the end of the 
Chamber. Ginny was stirring. As Harry hurried 
toward her, she sat up. Her bemused eyes traveled 
from the huge form of the dead basilisk, over Harry, 
in his bloodsoaked robes, then to the diary in his 
hand. She drew a great, shuddering gasp and tears 
began to pour down her face. 

Harry  oh, Harry  I tried to tell you at b 
breakfast, but I c couldnt say it in front of Percy  it 
was me, Harry  but I  I sswear I ddidnt mean to 
 RRiddle made me, he ttook me over  and  
how did you kill that  that thing? Wwheres Riddle? 
The last thing I rremember is him coming out of the 
diary   



  359 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Its all right, said Harry, holding up the diary, and 
showing Ginny the fang hole, Riddles finished. Look! 
Him and the basilisk. Cmon, Ginny, lets get out of 
here   

Im going to be expelled! Ginny wept as Harry helped 
her awkwardly to her feet. Ive looked forward to 
coming to Hogwarts ever since BBill came and nnow 
Ill have to leave and  wwhatll Mum and Dad say? 

Fawkes was waiting for them, hovering in the 
Chamber entrance. Harry urged Ginny forward; they 
stepped over the motionless coils of the dead basilisk, 
through the echoing gloom, and back into the tunnel. 
Harry heard the stone doors close behind them with a 
soft hiss. 

After a few minutes progress up the dark tunnel, a 
distant sound of slowly shifting rock reached Harrys 
ears. 

Ron! Harry yelled, speeding up. Ginnys okay! Ive 
got her! 

He heard Ron give a strangled cheer, and they turned 
the next bend to see his eager face staring through 
the sizable gap he had managed to make in the 
rockfall. 

Ginny\ Ron thrust an arm through the gap in the 
rock to pull her through first. Youre alive! I dont 
believe it! What happened? How  what  where did 
that bird come from? 

Fawkes had swooped through the gap after Ginny. 

Hes Dumbledores, said Harry, squeezing through 
himself. 



  360 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




How come youve got a sword? said Ron, gaping at 
the glittering weapon in Harrys hand. 



Ill explain when we get out of here, said Harry with 
a sideways glance at Ginny, who was crying harder 
than ever. 

But   

Later, Harry said shortly. He didnt think it was a 
good idea to tell Ron yet whod been opening the 
Chamber, not in front of Ginny, anyway. Wheres 
Lockhart? 

Back there, said Ron, still looking puzzled but 
jerking his head up the tunnel toward the pipe. Hes 
in a bad way. Come and see. 

Led by Fawkes, whose wide scarlet wings emitted a 
soft golden glow in the darkness, they walked all the 
way back to the mouth of the pipe. Gilderoy Lockhart 
was sitting there, humming placidly to himself. 

His memorys gone, said Ron. The Memory Charm 
backfired. Hit him instead of us. Hasnt got a clue 
who he is, or where he is, or who we are. I told him to 
come and wait here. Hes a danger to himself. 

Lockhart peered goodnaturedly up at them all. 

Hello, he said. Odd sort of place, this, isnt it? Do 
you live here? 

No, said Ron, raising his eyebrows at Harry. 

Harry bent down and looked up the long, dark pipe. 

Have you thought how were going to get back up 
this? he said to Ron. 

  361 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Ron shook his head, but Fawkes the phoenix had 
swooped past Harry and was now fluttering in front of 
him, his beady eyes bright in the dark. He was waving 
his long golden tail feathers. Harry looked uncertainly 
at him. 

He looks like he wants you to grab hold ... said Ron, 
looking perplexed. But youre much too heavy for a 
bird to pull up there   

Fawkes, said Harry, isnt an ordinary bird. He 
turned quickly to the others. Weve got to hold on to 
each other. Ginny, grab Rons hand. Professor 
Lockhart   

He means you, said Ron sharply to Lockhart. 

You hold Ginnys other hand   

Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into his 
belt, Ron took hold of the back of Harrys robes, and 
Harry reached out and took hold of Fawkess 
strangely hot tail feathers. 

An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through 
his whole body and the next second, in a rush of 
wings, they were flying upward through the pipe. 
Harry could hear Lockhart dangling below him, 
saying, Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic! 
The chill air was whipping through Harrys hair, and 
before hed stopped enjoying the ride, it was over  
all four of them were hitting the wet floor of Moaning 
Myrtles bathroom, and as Lockhart straightened his 
hat, the sink that hid the pipe was sliding back into 
place. 

Myrtle goggled at them. 

Youre alive, she said blankly to Harry. 

  362 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Theres no need to sound so disappointed, he said 
grimly, wiping flecks of blood and slime off his 
glasses. 

Oh, well ... Id just been thinking ... if you had died, 
youd have been welcome to share my toilet, said 
Myrtle, blushing silver. 

Urgh! said Ron as they left the bathroom for the 
dark, deserted corridor outside. Harry! I think 
Myrtles grown fond of you! Youve got competition, 
Ginny! 

But tears were still flooding silently down Ginnys 
face. 

Where now? said Ron, with an anxious look at 
Ginny. Harry pointed. 

Fawkes was leading the way, glowing gold along the 
corridor. They strode after him, and moments later, 
found themselves outside Professor McGonagalls 
office. 

Harry knocked and pushed the door open. 



  363 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   






DOBBYS REWARD 

For a moment there was silence as Harry, Ron, 

Ginny, and Lockhart stood in the doorway, covered in 
muck and slime and (in Harrys case) blood. Then 
there was a scream. 

Ginny\ 

It was Mrs. Weasley, who had been sitting crying in 
front of the fire. She leapt to her feet, closely followed 
by Mr. Weasley, and both of them flung themselves on 
their daughter. 

Harry, however, was looking past them. Professor 
Dumbledore was standing by the mantelpiece, 
beaming, next to Professor McGonagall, who was 
taking great, steadying gasps, clutching her chest. 
Fawkes went whooshing past Harrys ear and settled 
on Dumbledore s shoulder, just as Harry found 
himself and Ron being swept into Mrs. Weasleys tight 
embrace. 

You saved her! You saved her! How did you do it? 

  364 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   



I think wed all like to know that, said Professor 
McGonagall weakly. 

Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry, who hesitated for a 
moment, then walked over to the desk and laid upon 
it the Sorting Hat, the rubyencrusted sword, and 
what remained of Riddles diary. 

Then he started telling them everything. For nearly a 
quarter of an hour he spoke into the rapt silence: He 
told them about hearing the disembodied voice, how 
Hermione had finally realized that he was hearing a 
basilisk in the pipes; how he and Ron had followed 
the spiders into the forest, that Aragog had told them 
where the last victim of the basilisk had died; how he 
had guessed that Moaning Myrtle had been the 
victim, and that the entrance to the Chamber of 
Secrets might be in her bathroom. ... 

Very well, Professor McGonagall prompted him as 
he paused, so you found out where the entrance was 
 breaking a hundred school rules into pieces along 
the way, I might add  but how on earth did you all 
get out of there alive, Potter? 

So Harry, his voice now growing hoarse from all this 
talking, told them about Fawkess timely arrival and 
about the Sorting Hat giving him the sword. But then 
he faltered. He had so far avoided mentioning Riddles 
diary  or Ginny. She was standing with her head 
against Mrs. Weasley s shoulder, and tears were still 
coursing silently down her cheeks. What if they 
expelled her? Harry thought in panic. Riddles diary 
didnt work anymore. ... How could they prove it had 
been he whod made her do it all? 

Instinctively, Harry looked at Dumbledore, who 
smiled faintly, the firelight glancing off his halfmoon 
spectacles. 

  365 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




What interests me most, said Dumbledore gently, is 
how Lord Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, 
when my sources tell me he is currently in hiding in 
the forests of Albania. 

Relief  warm, sweeping, glorious relief  swept over 
Harry. 

Wwhats that? said Mr. Weasley in a stunned voice. 
YouKnowWho? Enenchant Ginny? But Ginny s not 
... Ginny hasnt been ... has she? 

It was this diary, said Harry quickly, picking it up 
and showing it to Dumbledore. Riddle wrote it when 
he was sixteen. ... 

Dumbledore took the diary from Harry and peered 
keenly down his long, crooked nose at its burnt and 
soggy s. 

Brilliant, he said softly. Of course, he was probably 
the most brilliant student Hogwarts has ever seen. 

He turned around to the Weasleys, who were looking 
utterly bewildered. 

Very few people know that Lord Voldemort was once 
called Tom Riddle. I taught him myself, fifty years 
ago, at Hogwarts. He disappeared after leaving the 
school . . . traveled far and wide . . . sank so deeply into 
the Dark Arts, consorted with the very worst of our 
kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical 
transformations, that when he resurfaced as Lord 
Voldemort, he was barely recognizable. Hardly anyone 
connected Lord Voldemort with the clever, handsome 
boy who was once Head Boy here. 

But, Ginny, said Mrs. Weasley. Whats our Ginny 
got to do with  with  him? 



  366 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




His ddiary! Ginny sobbed. Ive bbeen writing in it, 
and hes been w writing back all year   

Ginnyl said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. Havent I 
taught you anything ? What have I always told you? 
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you 
cant see where it keeps its brain. Why didnt you 
show the diary to me, or your mother? A suspicious 
object like that, it was clearly full of Dark Magic   

I ddidnt know, sobbed Ginny. I found it inside one 
of the books Mum got me. I ththought someone had 
just left it in there and forgotten about it   

Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right 
away, Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. This 
has been a terrible ordeal for her. There will be no 
punishment. Older and wiser wizards than she have 
been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort. He strode over 
to the door and opened it. Bed rest and perhaps a 
large, steaming mug of hot chocolate. I always find 
that cheers me up, he added, twinkling kindly down 
at her. You will find that Madam Pomfrey is still 
awake. Shes just giving out Mandrake juice  I 
daresay the basilisks victims will be waking up any 
moment. 

So Hermiones okay! said Ron brightly. 

There has been no lasting harm done, Ginny, said 
Dumbledore. 

Mrs. Weasley led Ginny out, and Mr. Weasley 
followed, still looking deeply shaken. 

You know, Minerva, Professor Dumbledore said 
thoughtfully to Professor McGonagall, I think all this 
merits a good feast Might I ask you to go and alert 
the kitchens? 

  367 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Right, said Professor McGonagall crisply, also 
moving to the door. Ill leave you to deal with Potter 
and Weasley, shall I? 

Certainly, said Dumbledore. 

She left, and Harry and Ron gazed uncertainly at 
Dumbledore. What exactly had Professor McGonagall 
meant, deal with them? Surely  surely  they 
werent about to be punished? 

I seem to remember telling you both that I would 
have to expel you if you broke any more school rules, 
said Dumbledore. 

Ron opened his mouth in horror. 

Which goes to show that the best of us must 
sometimes eat our words, Dumbledore went on, 
smiling. You will both receive Special Awards for 
Services to the School and  let me see  yes, I think 
two hundred points apiece for Gryffindor. 

Ron went as brightly pink as Lockharts valentine 
flowers and closed his mouth again. 

But one of us seems to be keeping mightily quiet 
about his part in this dangerous adventure, 
Dumbledore added. Why so modest, Gilderoy? 

Harry gave a start. He had completely forgotten about 
Lockhart. He turned and saw that Lockhart was 
standing in a corner of the room, still wearing his 
vague smile. When Dumbledore addressed him, 
Lockhart looked over his shoulder to see who he was 
talking to. 



  368 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Professor Dumbledore, Ron said quickly, there was 
an accident down in the Chamber of Secrets. 
Professor Lockhart   

Am I a professor? said Lockhart in mild surprise. 
Goodness. I expect I was hopeless, was I? 

He tried to do a Memory Charm and the wand 
backfired, Ron explained quietly to Dumbledore. 

Dear me, said Dumbledore, shaking his head, his 
long silver mustache quivering. Impaled upon your 
own sword, Gilderoy! 

Sword? said Lockhart dimly. Havent got a sword. 
That boy has, though. He pointed at Harry. Hell 
lend you one. 

Would you mind taking Professor Lockhart up to the 
infirmary, too? Dumbledore said to Ron. Id like a 
few more words with Harry. ... 

Lockhart ambled out. Ron cast a curious look back at 
Dumbledore and Harry as he closed the door. 

Dumbledore crossed to one of the chairs by the fire. 

Sit down, Harry, he said, and Harry sat, feeling 
unaccountably nervous. 

First of all, Harry, I want to thank you, said 
Dumbledore, eyes twinkling again. You must have 
shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing 
but that could have called Fawkes to you. 

He stroked the phoenix, which had fluttered down 
onto his knee. Harry grinned awkwardly as 
Dumbledore watched him. 



  369 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




And so you met Tom Riddle, said Dumbledore 
thoughtfully. I imagine he was most interested in 
you. ... 

Suddenly, something that was nagging at Harry came 
tumbling out of his mouth. 

Professor Dumbledore ... Riddle said Im like him. 
Strange likenesses, he said. ... 

 Did he, now? said Dumbledore, looking thoughtfully 
at Harry from under his thick silver eyebrows. And 
what do you think, Harry? 

I dont think Im like him! said Harry, more loudly 
than hed intended. I mean, Im  Im in Gryffindor, 
Im ... 

But he fell silent, a lurking doubt resurfacing in his 
mind. 

Professor, he started again after a moment. The 
Sorting Hat told me Id  Id have done well in 
Slytherin. Everyone thought / was Slytherins heir for 
a while ... because I can speak Parseltongue. ... 

You can speak Parseltongue, Harry, said 
Dumbledore calmly, because Lord Voldemort  who 
is the last remaining descendant of Salazar Slytherin 
 can speak Parseltongue. Unless Im much 
mistaken, he transferred some of his own powers to 
you the night he gave you that scar. Not something he 
intended to do, Im sure. ... 

Voldemort put a bit of himself in me? Harry said, 
thunderstruck. 

It certainly seems so. 



  370 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




So I should be in Slytherin, Harry said, looking 
desperately into Dumbledore s face. The Sorting Hat 
could see Slytherin s power in me, and it   

Put you in Gryffindor, said Dumbledore calmly. 
Listen to me, Harry. You happen to have many 
qualities Salazar Slytherin prized in his handpicked 
students. His own very rare gift, Parseltongue  
resourcefulness  determination  a certain 
disregard for rules, he added, his mustache 
quivering again. Yet the Sorting Hat placed you in 
Gryffindor. You know why that was. Think. 

It only put me in Gryffindor, said Harry in a 
defeated voice, because I asked not to go in 
Slytherin. ... 

Exactly, said Dumbledore, beaming once more. 
Which makes you very different from Tom Riddle. It 
is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far 
more than our abilities. Harry sat motionless in his 
chair, stunned. If you want proof, Harry, that you 
belong in Gryffindor, I suggest you look more closely 
at this. 

Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagalls 
desk, picked up the bloodstained silver sword, and 
handed it to Harry. Dully, Harry turned it over, the 
rubies blazing in the firelight. And then he saw the 
name engraved just below the hilt. 

Godric Gryffindor. 

Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of 
the hat, Harry, said Dumbledore simply. 

For a minute, neither of them spoke. Then 
Dumbledore pulled open one of the drawers in 



  371 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Professor McGonagalls desk and took out a quill and 
a bottle of ink. 

What you need, Harry, is some food and sleep. I 
suggest you go down to the feast, while I write to 
Azkaban  we need our gamekeeper back. And I 
must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet, 
too, he added thoughtfully. Well be needing a new 
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. ... Dear me, 
we do seem to run through them, dont we? 

Harry got up and crossed to the door. He had just 
reached for the handle, however, when the door burst 
open so violently that it bounced back off the wall. 

Lucius Malfoy stood there, fury in his face. And 
cowering behind his legs, heavily wrapped in 
bandages, was Dobby. 

Good evening, Lucius, said Dumbledore pleasantly. 

Mr. Malfoy almost knocked Harry over as he swept 
into the room. Dobby went scurrying in after him, 
crouching at the hem of his cloak, a look of abject 
terror on his face. 

The elf was carrying a stained rag with which he was 
attempting to finish cleaning Mr. Malfoy s shoes. 
Apparently Mr. Malfoy had set out in a great hurry, 
for not only were his shoes halfpolished, but his 
usually sleek hair was disheveled. Ignoring the elf 
bobbing apologetically around his ankles, he fixed his 
cold eyes upon Dumbledore. 

So! he said Youve come back. The governors 
suspended you, but you still saw fit to return to 
Hogwarts. 



  372 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Well, you see, Lucius, said Dumbledore, smiling 
serenely, the other eleven governors contacted me 
today. It was something like being caught in a 
hailstorm of owls, to tell the truth. Theyd heard that 
Arthur Weasleys daughter had been killed and 
wanted me back here at once. They seemed to think I 
was the best man for the job after all. Very strange 
tales they told me, too. ... Several of them seemed to 
think that you had threatened to curse their families 
if they didnt agree to suspend me in the first place. 

Mr. Malfoy went even paler than usual, but his eyes 
were still slits of fury. 

So  have you stopped the attacks yet? he sneered. 
Have you caught the culprit? 

We have, said Dumbledore, with a smile. 

Well? said Mr. Malfoy sharply. Who is it? 

The same person as last time, Lucius, said 
Dumbledore. But this time, Lord Voldemort was 
acting through somebody else. By means of this 
diary. 

He held up the small black book with the large hole 
through the center, watching Mr. Malfoy closely. 
Harry, however, was watching Dobby. 

The elf was doing something very odd. His great eyes 
fixed meaningfully on Harry, he kept pointing at the 
diary, then at Mr. Malfoy, and then hitting himself 
hard on the head with his fist. 

I see ... said Mr. Malfoy slowly to Dumbledore. 

A clever plan, said Dumbledore in a level voice, still 
staring Mr. Malfoy straight in the eye. Because if 

  373 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Harry here  Mr. Malfoy shot Harry a swift, sharp 
look  and his friend Ron hadnt discovered this 
book, why  Ginny Weasley might have taken all the 
blame. No one would ever have been able to prove she 
hadnt acted of her own free will. ... 

Mr. Malfoy said nothing. His face was suddenly 
masklike. 

And imagine, Dumbledore went on, what might 
have happened then. ... The Weasleys are one of our 
most prominent pureblood families. Imagine the 
effect on Arthur Weasley and his Muggle Protection 
Act, if his own daughter was discovered attacking and 
killing Muggleborns. ... Very fortunate the diary was 
discovered, and Riddles memories wiped from it. Who 
knows what the consequences might have been 
otherwise. ... 

Mr. Malfoy forced himself to speak. 

Very fortunate, he said stiffly. 

And still, behind his back, Dobby was pointing, first 
to the diary, then to Lucius Malfoy, then punching 
himself in the head. 

And Harry suddenly understood. He nodded at 
Dobby, and Dobby backed into a corner, now twisting 
his ears in punishment. 

Dont you want to know how Ginny got hold of that 
diary, Mr. Malfoy? said Harry. 

Lucius Malfoy rounded on him. 

How should I know how the stupid little girl got hold 
of it? he said. 



  374 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Because you gave it to her, said Harry. In Flourish 
and Blotts. You picked up her old Transfiguration 
book and slipped the diary inside it, didnt you? 

He saw Mr. Malfoys white hands clench and 
unclench. 

Prove it, he hissed. 

Oh, no one will be able to do that, said Dumbledore, 
smiling at Harry. Not now that Riddle has vanished 
from the book. On the other hand, I would advise you, 
Lucius, not to go giving out any more of Lord 
Voldemorts old school things. If any more of them 
find their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur 
Weasley, for one, will make sure they are traced back 
to you. ... 

Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry 
distinctly saw his right hand twitch as though he was 
longing to reach for his wand. Instead, he turned to 
his houseelf. 

Were going, Dobby! 

He wrenched open the door and as the elf came 
hurrying up to him, he kicked him right through it. 
They could hear Dobby squealing with pain all the 
way along the corridor. Harry stood for a moment, 
thinking hard. Then it came to him  

Professor Dumbledore, he said hurriedly. Can I give 
that diary back to Mr. Malfoy, please? 

Certainly, Harry, said Dumbledore calmly. But 
hurry. The feast, remember. ... 

Harry grabbed the diary and dashed out of the office. 
He could hear Dobbys squeals of pain receding 

  375 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




around the corner. Quickly, wondering if this plan 
could possibly work, Harry took off one of his shoes, 
pulled off his slimy, filthy sock, and stuffed the diary 
into it. Then he ran down the dark corridor. 

He caught up with them at the top of the stairs. 

Mr. Malfoy, he gasped, skidding to a halt, Ive got 
something for you   

And he forced the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoys 
hand. 

What the  ? 

Mr. Malfoy ripped the sock off the diary, threw it 
aside, then looked furiously from the ruined book to 
Harry. 

Youll meet the same sticky end as your parents one 
of these days, Harry Potter, he said softly. They were 
meddlesome fools, too. 

He turned to go. 

Come, Dobby. I said, come. 

But Dobby didnt move. He was holding up Harrys 
disgusting, slimy sock, and looking at it as though it 
were a priceless treasure. 

Master has given a sock, said the elf in wonderment. 
Master gave it to Dobby. 

Whats that? spat Mr. Malfoy. What did you say? 

Got a sock, said Dobby in disbelief. Master threw it, 
and Dobby caught it, and Dobby  Dobby is free. 



  376 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




Lucius Malfoy stood frozen, staring at the elf. Then he 
lunged at Harry. 

Youve lost me my servant, boy! 

But Dobby shouted, You shall not harm Harry 
Potter! 

There was a loud bang, and Mr. Malfoy was thrown 
backward. He crashed down the stairs, three at a 
time, landing in a crumpled heap on the landing 
below. He got up, his face livid, and pulled out his 
wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger. 

You shall go now, he said fiercely, pointing down at 
Mr. Malfoy. You shall not touch Harry Potter. You 
shall go now. 

Lucius Malfoy had no choice. With a last, incensed 
stare at the pair of them, he swung his cloak around 
him and hurried out of sight. 

Harry Potter freed Dobby! said the elf shrilly, gazing 
up at Harry, moonlight from the nearest window 
reflected in his orblike eyes. Harry Potter set Dobby 
free! 

Least I could do, Dobby, said Harry, grinning. Just 
promise never to try and save my life again. 

The elfs ugly brown face split suddenly into a wide, 
toothy smile. 

Ive just got one question, Dobby, said Harry as 
Dobby pulled on Harrys sock with shaking hands. 
You told me all this had nothing to do with HeWho 
MustNotBeNamed, remember? Well   



  377 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




It was a clue, sir, said Dobby, his eyes widening, as 
though this was obvious. Was giving you a clue. The 
Dark Lord, before he changed his name, could be 
freely named, you see? 

Right, said Harry weakly. Well, Id better go. Theres 
a feast, and my friend Hermione should be awake by 
now. ... 

Dobby threw his arms around Harrys middle and 
hugged him. 

Harry Potter is greater by far than Dobby knew! he 
sobbed. Farewell, Harry Potter! 

And with a final loud crack, Dobby disappeared. 

Harry had been to several Hogwarts feasts, but never 
one quite like this. Everybody was in their pajamas, 
and the celebration lasted all night. Harry didnt know 
whether the best bit was Hermione running toward 
him, screaming You solved it! You solved it! or 
Justin hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to 
wring his hand and apologize endlessly for suspecting 
him, or Hagrid turning up at half past three, cuffing 
Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulders that they 
were knocked into their plates of trifle, or his and 
Rons four hundred points for Gryffindor securing the 
House Cup for the second year running, or Professor 
McGonagall standing up to tell them all that the 
exams had been canceled as a school treat (Oh, no! 
said Hermione), or Dumbledore announcing that, 
unfortunately, Professor Lockhart would be unable to 
return next year, owing to the fact that he needed to 
go away and get his memory back. Quite a few of the 
teachers joined in the cheering that greeted this news. 

Shame, said Ron, helping himself to a jam 
doughnut. He was starting to grow on me. 

  378 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




The rest of the final term passed in a haze of blazing 
sunshine. Hogwarts was back to normal with only a 
few, small differences  Defense Against the Dark 
Arts classes were canceled (but weve had plenty of 
practice at that anyway, Ron told a disgruntled 
Hermione) and Lucius Malfoy had been sacked as a 
school governor. Draco was no longer strutting 
around the school as though he owned the place. On 
the contrary, he looked resentful and sulky. On the 
other hand, Ginny Weasley was perfectly happy 
again. 

Too soon, it was time for the journey home on the 
Hogwarts Express. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, 
George, and Ginny got a compartment to themselves. 
They made the most of the last few hours in which 
they were allowed to do magic before the holidays. 
They played Exploding Snap, set off the very last of 
Fred and Georges Filibuster fireworks, and practiced 
disarming each other by magic. Harry was getting 
very good at it. 

They were almost at Kings Cross when Harry 
remembered something. 

Ginny  what did you see Percy doing, that he didnt 
want you to tell anyone? 

Oh, that, said Ginny, giggling. Well  Percys got a 
girlfriend. 

Fred dropped a stack of books on Georges head. 
What? 

Its that Ravenclaw prefect, Penelope Clearwater, 
said Ginny. Thats who he was writing to all last 
summer. Hes been meeting her all over the school in 
secret. I walked in on them kissing in an empty 

  379 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




classroom one day. He was so upset when she was  
you know  attacked. You wont tease him, will you? 
she added anxiously. 

Wouldnt dream of it, said Fred, who was looking 
like his birthday had come early. 

Definitely not, said George, sniggering. 

The Hogwarts Express slowed and finally stopped. 

Harry pulled out his quill and a bit of parchment and 
turned to Ron and Hermione. 

This is called a telephone number, he told Ron, 
scribbling it twice, tearing the parchment in two, and 
handing it to them. I told your dad how to use a 
telephone last summer  hell know. Call me at the 
Dursleys, okay? I cant stand another two months 
with only Dudley to talk to. ... 

Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, wont 
they? said Hermione as they got off the train and 
joined the crowd thronging toward the enchanted 
barrier. When they hear what you did this year? 

Proud? said Harry. Are you crazy? All those times I 
couldve died, and I didnt manage it? Theyll be 
furious. ... 

And together they walked back through the gateway 
to the Muggle world. 



  380 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets   




OWL POST 

Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. 
For one thing, he hated the summer holidays more 
than any other time of year. For another, he really 
wanted to do his homework but was forced to do it in 
secret, in the dead of night. And he also happened to 
be a wizard. 

It was nearly midnight, and he was lying on his 
stomach in bed, the blankets drawn right over his 
head like a tent, a flashlight in one hand and a large 
leatherbound book (A History of Magic by Bathilda 
Bagshot) propped open against the pillow. Harry 
moved the tip of his eaglefeather quill down the , 
frowning as he looked for something that would help 
him write his essay, Witch Burning in the Fourteenth 
Century Was Completely Pointless  discuss. 

The quill paused at the top of a likelylooking 
paragraph. Harry pushed his round glasses up the 
bridge of his nose, moved his flashlight closer to the 
book, and read: 



  2 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Nonmagic people (more commonly known as 
Muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval 
times, but not very good at recognizing it. On the rare 
occasion that they did catch a real witch or wizard, 
burning had no effect whatsoever. The witch or wizard 
would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and 
then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying a 
gentle, tickling sensation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird 
enjoyed being burned so much that she allowed 
herself to be caught no less than fortyseven times in 
various disguises. 

Harry put his quill between his teeth and reached 
underneath his pillow for his ink bottle and a roll of 
parchment. Slowly and very carefully he unscrewed 
the ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, and began to 
write, pausing every now and then to listen, because 
if any of the Dursleys heard the scratching of his quill 
on their way to the bathroom, hed probably find 
himself locked in the cupboard under the stairs for 
the rest of the summer. 

The Dursley family of number four, Privet Drive, was 
the reason that Harry never enjoyed his summer 
holidays. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and their son, 
Dudley, were Harrys only living relatives. They were 
Muggles, and they had a very medieval attitude 
toward magic. Harrys dead parents, who had been a 
witch and wizard themselves, were never mentioned 
under the Dursleys roof. For years, Aunt Petunia and 
Uncle Vernon had hoped that if they kept Harry as 
downtrodden as possible, they would be able to 
squash the magic out of him. To their fury, they had 
been unsuccessful. These days they lived in terror of 
anyone finding out that Harry had spent most of the 
last two years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. The most they could do, however, was to 
lock away Harrys spellbooks, wand, cauldron, and 



  3 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




broomstick at the start of the summer break, and 
forbid him to talk to the neighbors. 

This separation from his spellbooks had been a real 
problem for Harry, because his teachers at Hogwarts 
had given him a lot of holiday work. One of the 
essays, a particularly nasty one about shrinking 
potions, was for Harrys least favorite teacher, 
Professor Snape, who would be delighted to have an 
excuse to give Harry detention for a month. Harry had 
therefore seized his chance in the first week of the 
holidays. While Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and 
Dudley had gone out into the front garden to admire 
Uncle Vernons new company car (in very loud voices, 
so that the rest of the street would notice it too), 

Harry had crept downstairs, picked the lock on the 
cupboard under the stairs, grabbed some of his 
books, and hidden them in his bedroom. As long as 
he didnt leave spots of ink on the sheets, the 
Dursleys need never know that he was studying 
magic by night. 

Harry was particularly keen to avoid trouble with his 
aunt and uncle at the moment, as they were already 
in an especially bad mood with him, all because hed 
received a telephone call from a fellow wizard one 
week into the school vacation. 

Ron Weasley, who was one of Harrys best friends at 
Hogwarts, came from a whole family of wizards. This 
meant that he knew a lot of things Harry didnt, but 
had never used a telephone before. Most unluckily it 
had been Uncle Vernon who had answered the call. 

Vernon Dursley speaking. 

Harry, who happened to be in the room at the time, 
froze as he heard Rons voice answer. 



  4 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




HELLO? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME? I  WANT  
TO  TALK  TO  HARRY  POTTER! 

Ron was yelling so loudly that Uncle Vernon jumped 
and held the receiver a foot away from his ear, staring 
at it with an expression of mingled fury and alarm. 

WHO IS THIS? he roared in the direction of the 
mouthpiece. WHO ARE YOU? 

RON  WEASLEY! Ron bellowed back, as though he 
and Uncle Vernon were speaking from opposite ends 
of a football field. IM  A  FRIEND  OF  
HARRYS  FROM  SCHOOL   

Uncle Vernons small eyes swiveled around to Harry, 
who was rooted to the spot. 

THERE IS NO HARRY POTTER HERE! he roared, 
now holding the receiver at arms length, as though 
frightened it might explode. I DONT KNOW WHAT 
SCHOOL YOURE TALKING ABOUT! NEVER 
CONTACT ME AGAIN! DONT YOU COME NEAR MY 
FAMILY! 

And he threw the receiver back onto the telephone as 
if dropping a poisonous spider. 

The fight that had followed had been one of the worst 
ever. 

HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE 
LIKE  PEOPLE LIKE YOU! Uncle Vernon had 
roared, spraying Harry with spit. 

Ron obviously realized that hed gotten Harry into 
trouble, because he hadnt called again. Harrys other 
best friend from Hogwarts, Hermione Granger, hadnt 
been in touch either. Harry suspected that Ron had 

  5 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




warned Hermione not to call, which was a pity, 
because Hermione, the cleverest witch in Harrys 
year, had Muggle parents, knew perfectly well how to 
use a telephone, and would probably have had 
enough sense not to say that she went to Hogwarts. 

So Harry had had no word from any of his wizarding 
friends for five long weeks, and this summer was 
turning out to be almost as bad as the last one. There 
was just one very small improvement  after 
swearing that he wouldnt use her to send letters to 
any of his friends, Harry had been allowed to let his 
owl, Hedwig, out at night. Uncle Vernon had given in 
because of the racket Hedwig made if she was locked 
in her cage all the time. 

Harry finished writing about Wendelin the Weird and 
paused to listen again. The silence in the dark house 
was broken only by the distant, grunting snores of his 
enormous cousin, Dudley. It must be very late, Harry 
thought. His eyes were itching with tiredness. 

Perhaps hed finish this essay tomorrow night. ... 

He replaced the top of the ink bottle; pulled an old 
pillowcase from under his bed; put the flashlight, A 
History of Magic, his essay, quill, and ink inside it; got 
out of bed; and hid the lot under a loose floorboard 
under his bed. Then he stood up, stretched, and 
checked the time on the luminous alarm clock on his 
bedside table. 

It was one oclock in the morning. Harrys stomach 
gave a funny jolt. He had been thirteen years old, 
without realizing it, for a whole hour. 

Yet another unusual thing about Harry was how little 
he looked forward to his birthdays. He had never 
received a birthday card in his life. The Dursleys had 



  6 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




completely ignored his last two birthdays, and he had 
no reason to suppose they would remember this one. 

Harry walked across the dark room, past Hedwigs 
large, empty cage, to the open window. He leaned on 
the sill, the cool night air pleasant on his face after a 
long time under the blankets. Hedwig had been 
absent for two nights now. Harry wasnt worried 
about her: shed been gone this long before. But he 
hoped shed be back soon  she was the only living 
creature in this house who didnt flinch at the sight of 
him. 

Harry, though still rather small and skinny for his 
age, had grown a few inches over the last year. His 
jetblack hair, however, was just as it always had 
been  stubbornly untidy, whatever he did to it. The 
eyes behind his glasses were bright green, and on his 
forehead, clearly visible through his hair, was a thin 
scar, shaped like a bolt of lightning. 

Of all the unusual things about Harry, this scar was 
the most extraordinary of all. It was not, as the 
Dursleys had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of 
the car crash that had killed Harrys parents, because 
Lily and James Potter had not died in a car crash. 
They had been murdered, murdered by the most 
feared Dark wizard for a hundred years, Lord 
Voldemort. Harry had escaped from the same attack 
with nothing more than a scar on his forehead, where 
Voldemorts curse, instead of killing him, had 
rebounded upon its originator. Barely alive, 

Voldemort had fled. ... 

But Harry had come facetoface with him at 
Hogwarts. Remembering their last meeting as he 
stood at the dark window, Harry had to admit he was 
lucky even to have reached his thirteenth birthday. 



  7 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He scanned the starry sky for a sign of Hedwig, 
perhaps soaring back to him with a dead mouse 
dangling from her beak, expecting praise. Gazing 
absently over the rooftops, it was a few seconds before 
Harry realized what he was seeing. 

Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing 
larger every moment, was a large, strangely lopsided 
creature, and it was flapping in Harrys direction. He 
stood quite still, watching it sink lower and lower. For 
a split second he hesitated, his hand on the window 
latch, wondering whether to slam it shut. But then 
the bizarre creature soared over one of the street 
lamps of Privet Drive, and Harry, realizing what it 
was, leapt aside. 

Through the window soared three owls, two of them 
holding up the third, which appeared to be 
unconscious. They landed with a soft flump on 
Harrys bed, and the middle owl, which was large and 
gray, keeled right over and lay motionless. There was 
a large package tied to its legs. 

Harry recognized the unconscious owl at once  his 
name was Errol, and he belonged to the Weasley 
family. Harry dashed to the bed, untied the cords 
around Errols legs, took off the parcel, and then 
carried Errol to Hedwigs cage. Errol opened one 
bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to 
gulp some water. 

Harry turned back to the remaining owls. One of 
them, the large snowy female, was his own Hedwig. 
She, too, was carrying a parcel and looked extremely 
pleased with herself. She gave Harry an affectionate 
nip with her beak as he removed her burden, then 
flew across the room to join Errol. 



  8 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry didnt recognize the third owl, a handsome 
tawny one, but he knew at once where it had come 
from, because in addition to a third package, it was 
carrying a letter bearing the Hogwarts crest. When 
Harry relieved this owl of its burden, it ruffled its 
feathers importantly, stretched its wings, and took off 
through the window into the night. 

Harry sat down on his bed and grabbed Errols 
package, ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a 
present wrapped in gold, and his first ever birthday 
card. Fingers trembling slightly, he opened the 
envelope. Two pieces of paper fell out  a letter and a 
newspaper clipping. 

The clipping had clearly come out of the wizarding 
newspaper, the Daily Prophet, because the people in 
the blackandwhite picture were moving. Harry 
picked up the clipping, smoothed it out, and read: 

MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE 

SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE 

Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts 
Office at the Ministry of Magic, has won the annual 
Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. 

A delighted Mr. Weasley told the Daily Prophet, We 
will be spending the gold on a summer holiday in 
Egypt, where our eldest son, Bill, works as a curse 
breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank.  

The Weasley family will be spending a month in 
Egypt, returning for the start of the new school year 
at Hogwarts, which five of the Weasley children 
currently attend. 



  9 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry scanned the moving photograph, and a grin 
spread across his face as he saw all nine of the 
Weasleys waving furiously at him, standing in front of 
a large pyramid. Plump little Mrs. Weasley; tall, 
balding Mr. Weasley; six sons; and one daughter, all 
(though the blackandwhite picture didnt show it) 
with flamingred hair. Right in the middle of the 
picture was Ron, tall and gangling, with his pet rat, 
Scabbers, on his shoulder and his arm around his 
little sister, Ginny. 

Harry couldnt think of anyone who deserved to win a 
large pile of gold more than the Weasleys, who were 
very nice and extremely poor. He picked up Rons 
letter and unfolded it. 

Dear Harry, 

Happy birthday! 

Look, Im really sorry about that telephone call. I hope 
the Muggles didnt give you a hard time. I asked Dad, 
and he reckons I shouldnt have shouted. 

Its amazing here in Egypt. Bills taken us around all 
the tombs and you wouldnt believe the curses those 
old Egyptian wizards put on them. Mum wouldnt let 
Ginny come in the last one. There were all these 
mutant skeletons in there, of Muggles whod broken in 
and grown extra heads and stuff. 

I couldnt believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet 
Draw. Seven hundred galleons! Most of its gone on 
this trip, but theyre going to buy me a new wand for 
next year. 

Harry remembered only too well the occasion when 
Rons old wand had snapped. It had happened when 



  10 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




the car the two of them had been flying to Hogwarts 
had crashed into a tree on the school grounds. 

Well be back about a week before term starts and 
well be going up to London to get my wand and our 
new books. Any chance of meeting you there? 

Dont let the Muggles get you down! 

Try and come to London, 

Ron 

PS. Percys Head Boy. He got the letter last week. 

Harry glanced back at the photograph. Percy, who 
was in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts, was 
looking particularly smug. He had pinned his Head 
Boy badge to the fez perched jauntily on top of his 
neat hair, his hornrimmed glasses flashing in the 
Egyptian sun. 

Harry now turned to his present and unwrapped it. 
Inside was what looked like a miniature glass 
spinning top. There was another note from Ron 
beneath it. 

Harry  this is a Pocket Sneakoscope. If theres 
someone untrustworthy around, its supposed to light 
up and spin. Bill says its rubbish sold for wizard 
tourists and isnt reliable, because it kept lighting up at 
dinner last night. But he didnt realize Fred and George 
had put beetles in his soup. 

Bye  

Ron 



  11 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry put the Pocket Sneakoscope on his bedside 
table, where it stood quite still, balanced on its point, 
reflecting the luminous hands of his clock. He looked 
at it happily for a few seconds, then picked up the 
parcel Hedwig had brought. 

Inside this, too, there was a wrapped present, a card, 
and a letter, this time from Hermione. 

Dear Harry, 

Ron wrote to me and told me about his phone call to 
your Uncle Vernon. I do hope youre all right. 

Im on holiday in France at the moment and I didnt 
know how I was going to send this to you  what if 
theyd opened it at customs?  but then Hedwig 
turned up! I think she wanted to make sure you got 
something for your birthday for a change. I bought your 
present by owlorder; there was an advertisement in 
the Daily Prophet (Ive been getting it delivered; its so 
good to keep up with whats going on in the wizarding 
world). Did you see that picture of Ron and his family a 
week ago? I bet hes learning loads. Im really jealous 
 the ancient Egyptian wizards were fascinating. 

Theres some interesting local history of witchcraft 
here, too. Ive rewritten my whole History of Magic 
essay to include some of the things Ive found out. I 
hope its not too long  its two rolls of parchment more 
than Professor Binns asked for. 

Ron says hes going to be in London in the last week of 
the holidays. Can you make it? Will your aunt and 
uncle let you come? I really hope you can. If not, Ill see 
you on the Hogwarts Express on September first! 

Love from 



  12 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione 



PS. Ron says Percys Head Boy. Ill bet Percys really 
pleased. 

Ron doesnt seem too happy about it. 

Harry laughed as he put Hermione s letter aside and 
picked up her present. It was very heavy. Knowing 
Hermione, he was sure it would be a large book full of 
very difficult spells  but it wasnt. His heart gave a 
huge bound as he ripped back the paper and saw a 
sleek black leather case, with silver words stamped 
across it, reading Broomstick Servicing Kit. 

Wow, Hermione! Harry whispered, unzipping the 
case to look inside. 

There was a large jar of Fleetwoods HighFinish 
Handle Polish, a pair of gleaming silver TailTwig 
Clippers, a tiny brass compass to clip on your broom 
for long journeys, and a Handbook of DoItYourself 
Broomcare. 

Apart from his friends, the thing that Harry missed 
most about Hogwarts was Quidditch, the most 
popular sport in the magical world  highly 
dangerous, very exciting, and played on broomsticks. 
Harry happened to be a very good Quidditch player; 
he had been the youngest person in a century to be 
picked for one of the Hogwarts House teams. One of 
Harrys most prized possessions was his Nimbus Two 
Thousand racing broom. 

Harry put the leather case aside and picked up his 
last parcel. He recognized the untidy scrawl on the 
brown paper at once: this was from Hagrid, the 
Hogwarts gamekeeper. He tore off the top layer of 
paper and glimpsed something green and leathery, 
  13 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




but before he could unwrap it properly, the parcel 
gave a strange quiver, and whatever was inside it 
snapped loudly  as though it had jaws. 

Harry froze. He knew that Hagrid would never send 
him anything dangerous on purpose, but then, 

Hagrid didnt have a normal persons view of what 
was dangerous. Hagrid had been known to befriend 
giant spiders, buy vicious, threeheaded dogs from 
men in pubs, and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his 
cabin. 

Harry poked the parcel nervously. It snapped loudly 
again. Harry reached for the lamp on his bedside 
table, gripped it firmly in one hand, and raised it over 
his head, ready to strike. Then he seized the rest of 
the wrapping paper in his other hand and pulled. 

And out fell  a book. Harry just had time to register 
its handsome green cover, emblazoned with the 
golden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before it 
flipped onto its edge and scuttled sideways along the 
bed like some weird crab. 

Uhoh, Harry muttered. 

The book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and 
shuffled rapidly across the room. Harry followed it 
stealthily. The book was hiding in the dark space 
under his desk. Praying that the Dursleys were still 
fast asleep, Harry got down on his hands and knees 
and reached toward it. 

Ouch! 

The book snapped shut on his hand and then flapped 
past him, still scuttling on its covers. Harry 
scrambled around, threw himself forward, and 



  14 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




managed to flatten it. Uncle Vernon gave a loud, 
sleepy grunt in the room next door. 

Hedwig and Errol watched interestedly as Harry 
clamped the struggling book tightly in his arms, 
hurried to his chest of drawers, and pulled out a belt, 
which he buckled tightly around it. The Monster Book 
shuddered angrily, but could no longer flap and snap, 
so Harry threw it down on the bed and reached for 
Hagrids card. 

Dear Harry, 

Happy birthday! 

Think you might find this useful for next year. 

Wont say no more here. Tell you when I see you. 

Hope the Muggles are treating you right. 

All the best, 

Hagrid 

It struck Harry as ominous that Hagrid thought a 
biting book would come in useful, but he put Hagrids 
card up next to Rons and Hermiones, grinning more 
broadly than ever. Now there was only the letter from 
Hogwarts left. 

Noticing that it was rather thicker than usual, Harry 
slit open the envelope, pulled out the first  of 
parchment within, and read: 

Dear Mr. Potter, 

Please note that the new school year will begin on 
September the first. The Hogwarts Express will leave 

  15 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




from Kings Cross station, platform nine and three 
quarters, at eleven oclock. 

Third years are permitted to visit the village of 
Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the 
enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to 
sign. 

A list of books for next year is enclosed. 

Yours sincerely, 

Professor M. McGonagall 
Deputy Headmistress 

Harry pulled out the Hogsmeade permission form and 
looked at it, no longer grinning. It would be wonderful 
to visit Hogsmeade on weekends; he knew it was an 
entirely wizarding village, and he had never set foot 
there. But how on earth was he going to persuade 
Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia to sign the form? 

He looked over at the alarm clock. It was now two 
oclock in the morning. 

Deciding that hed worry about the Hogsmeade form 
when he woke up, Harry got back into bed and 
reached up to cross off another day on the chart hed 
made for himself, counting down the days left until 
his return to Hogwarts. Then he took off his glasses 
and lay down, eyes open, facing his three birthday 
cards. 

Extremely unusual though he was, at that moment 
Harry Potter felt just like everyone else  glad, for the 
first time in his life, that it was his birthday. 



  16 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   





AUNT MARGES BIG MISTAKE 

Harry went down to breakfast the next morning to 
find the three Dursleys already sitting around the 
kitchen table. They were watching a brandnew 
television, a welcomehomeforthesummer present 
for Dudley, who had been complaining loudly about 
the long walk between the fridge and the television in 
the living room. Dudley had spent most of the 
summer in the kitchen, his piggy little eyes fixed on 
the screen and his five chins wobbling as he ate 
continually. 

Harry sat down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon, a 
large, beefy man with very little neck and a lot of 
mustache. Far from wishing Harry a happy birthday, 
none of the Dursleys made any sign that they had 
noticed Harry enter the room, but Harry was far too 
used to this to care. He helped himself to a piece of 
toast and then looked up at the reporter on the 
television, who was halfway through a report on an 
escaped convict: 



  17 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



"... The public is warned that Black is armed and 
extremely dangerous. A special hot line has been set 
up, and any sighting of Black should be reported 
immediately. 

No need to tell us hes no good, snorted Uncle 
Vernon, staring over the top of his newspaper at the 
prisoner. Look at the state of him, the filthy 
layabout! Look at his hair! 

He shot a nasty look sideways at Harry, whose untidy 
hair had always been a source of great annoyance to 
Uncle Vernon. Compared to the man on the 
television, however, whose gaunt face was 
surrounded by a matted, elbowlength tangle, Harry 
felt very well groomed indeed. 

The reporter had reappeared. 

The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will 
announce today   

Hang on! barked Uncle Vernon, staring furiously at 
the reporter. You didnt tell us where that maniacs 
escaped from! What use is that? Lunatic could be 
coming up the street right now! 

Aunt Petunia, who was bony and horsefaced, 
whipped around and peered intently out of the 
kitchen window. Harry knew Aunt Petunia would 
simply love to be the one to call the hot line number. 
She was the nosiest woman in the world and spent 
most of her life spying on the boring, lawabiding 
neighbors. 

When will they learn, said Uncle Vernon, pounding 
the table with his large purple fist, that hangings the 
only way to deal with these people? 



  18 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Very true, said Aunt Petunia, who was still 
squinting into next doors runner beans. 

Uncle Vernon drained his teacup, glanced at his 
watch, and added, Id better be off in a minute, 
Petunia. Marges train gets in at ten. 

Harry, whose thoughts had been upstairs with the 
Broomstick Servicing Kit, was brought back to earth 
with an unpleasant bump. 

Aunt Marge? he blurted out. Sh  shes not 
coming here, is she? 

Aunt Marge was Uncle Vernons sister. Even though 
she was not a blood relative of Harrys (whose mother 
had been Aunt Petunias sister), he had been forced to 
call her Aunt all his life. Aunt Marge lived in the 
country, in a house with a large garden, where she 
bred bulldogs. She didnt often stay at Privet Drive, 
because she couldnt bear to leave her precious dogs, 
but each of her visits stood out horribly vividly in 
Harrys mind. 

At Dudleys fifth birthday party, Aunt Marge had 
whacked Harry around the shins with her walking 
stick to stop him from beating Dudley at musical 
statues. A few years later, she had turned up at 
Christmas with a computerized robot for Dudley and 
a box of dog biscuits for Harry. On her last visit, the 
year before Harry started at Hogwarts, Harry had 
accidentally trodden on the tail of her favorite dog. 
Ripper had chased Harry out into the garden and up 
a tree, and Aunt Marge had refused to call him off 
until past midnight. The memory of this incident still 
brought tears of laughter to Dudleys eyes. 

Margell be here for a week, Uncle Vernon snarled, 
and while were on the subject  he pointed a fat 

  19 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




finger threateningly at Harry  we need to get a few 
things straight before I go and collect her. 

Dudley smirked and withdrew his gaze from the 
television. Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle 
Vernon was Dudleys favorite form of entertainment. 

Firstly, growled Uncle Vernon, youll keep a civil 
tongue in your head when youre talking to Marge. 

All right, said Harry bitterly, if she does when shes 
talking to me. 

Secondly, said Uncle Vernon, acting as though he 
had not heard Harrys reply, as Marge doesnt know 
anything about your abnormality, I dont want any  
any funny stuff while shes here. You behave yourself, 
got me? 

I will if she does, said Harry through gritted teeth. 

And thirdly, said Uncle Vernon, his mean little eyes 
now slits in his great purple face, weve told Marge 
you attend St. Brutuss Secure Center for Incurably 
Criminal Boys. 

What? Harry yelled. 

And youll be sticking to that story, boy, or therell be 
trouble, spat Uncle Vernon. 

Harry sat there, whitefaced and furious, staring at 
Uncle Vernon, hardly able to believe it. Aunt Marge 
coming for a weeklong visit  it was the worst 
birthday present the Dursleys had ever given him, 
including that pair of Uncle Vernons old socks. 



  20 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well, Petunia, said Uncle Vernon, getting heavily to 
his feet, 111 be off to the station, then. Want to come 
along for the ride, Dudders? 

No, said Dudley, whose attention had returned to 
the television now that Uncle Vernon had finished 
threatening Harry. 

Duddys got to make himself smart for his auntie, 
said Aunt Petunia, smoothing Dudleys thick blond 
hair. Mummys bought him a lovely new bow tie. 

Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on his porky shoulder. 

See you in a bit, then, he said, and he left the 
kitchen. 

Harry, who had been sitting in a kind of horrified 
trance, had a sudden idea. Abandoning his toast, he 
got quickly to his feet and followed Uncle Vernon to 
the front door. 

Uncle Vernon was pulling on his car coat. 

Im not taking you, he snarled as he turned to see 
Harry watching him. 

Like I wanted to come, said Harry coldly. I want to 
ask you something. 

Uncle Vernon eyed him suspiciously. 

Third years at Hog  at my school are allowed to 
visit the village sometimes, said Harry. 

So? snapped Uncle Vernon, taking his car keys from 
a hook next to the door. 



  21 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I need you to sign the permission form, said Harry 
in a rush. 

And why should I do that? sneered Uncle Vernon. 

Well, said Harry, choosing his words carefully, itll 
be hard work, pretending to Aunt Marge I go to that 
St. Whatsits   

St. Brutuss Secure Center for Incurably Criminal 
Boys! bellowed Uncle Vernon, and Harry was pleased 
to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Vernons 
voice. 

Exactly, said Harry, looking calmly up into Uncle 
Vernons large, purple face. Its a lot to remember. Ill 
have to make it sound convincing, wont I? What if I 
accidentally let something slip? 

 Youll get the stuffing knocked out of you, wont you? 
roared Uncle Vernon, advancing on Harry with his fist 
raised. But Harry stood his ground. 

Knocking the stuffing out of me wont make Aunt 
Marge forget what I could tell her, he said grimly. 

Uncle Vernon stopped, his fist still raised, his face an 
ugly puce. 

But if you sign my permission form, Harry went on 
quickly, I swear Ill remember where Im supposed to 
go to school, and Ill act like a Mug  like Im normal 
and everything. 

Harry could tell that Uncle Vernon was thinking it 
over, even if his teeth were bared and a vein was 
throbbing in his temple. 



  22 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Right, he snapped finally. I shall monitor your 
behavior carefully during Marges visit. If, at the end 
of it, youve toed the line and kept to the story, Ill 
sign your ruddy form. 

He wheeled around, pulled open the front door, and 
slammed it so hard that one of the little panes of 
glass at the top fell out. 

Harry didnt return to the kitchen. He went back 
upstairs to his bedroom. If he was going to act like a 
real Muggle, hed better start now. Slowly and sadly 
he gathered up all his presents and his birthday 
cards and hid them under the loose floorboard with 
his homework. Then he went to Hedwigs cage. Errol 
seemed to have recovered; he and Hedwig were both 
asleep, heads under their wings. Harry sighed, then 
poked them both awake. 

Hedwig, he said gloomily, youre going to have to 
clear off for a week. Go with Errol. Ronll look after 
you. Ill write him a note, explaining. And dont look at 
me like that  Hedwigs large amber eyes were 
reproachful  its not my fault. Its the only way Ill 
be allowed to visit Hogsmeade with Ron and 
Hermione. 

Ten minutes later, Errol and Hedwig (who had a note 
to Ron bound to her leg) soared out of the window 
and out of sight. Harry, now feeling thoroughly 
miserable, put the empty cage away inside the 
wardrobe. 

But Harry didnt have long to brood. In next to no 
time, Aunt Petunia was shrieking up the stairs for 
Harry to come down and get ready to welcome their 
guest. 



  23 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Do something about your hair! Aunt Petunia 
snapped as he reached the hall. 

Harry couldnt see the point of trying to make his hair 
lie flat. Aunt Marge loved criticizing him, so the 
untidier he looked, the happier she would be. 

All too soon, there was a crunch of gravel outside as 
Uncle Vernons car pulled back into the driveway, 
then the clunk of the car doors and footsteps on the 
garden path. 

Get the door! Aunt Petunia hissed at Harry. 

A feeling of great gloom in his stomach, Harry pulled 
the door open. 

On the threshold stood Aunt Marge. She was very like 
Uncle Vernon: large, beefy, and purplefaced, she 
even had a mustache, though not as bushy as his. In 
one hand she held an enormous suitcase, and tucked 
under the other was an old and eviltempered 
bulldog. 

Wheres my Dudders? roared Aunt Marge. Wheres 
my neffypoo? 

Dudley came waddling down the hall, his blond hair 
plastered flat to his fat head, a bow tie just visible 
under his many chins. Aunt Marge thrust the 
suitcase into Harrys stomach, knocking the wind out 
of him, seized Dudley in a tight onearmed hug, and 
planted a large kiss on his cheek. 

Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley only put up 
with Aunt Marges hugs because he was well paid for 
it, and sure enough, when they broke apart, Dudley 
had a crisp twentypound note clutched in his fat fist. 



  24 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Petunia! shouted Aunt Marge, striding past Harry as 
though he was a hat stand. Aunt Marge and Aunt 
Petunia kissed, or rather, Aunt Marge bumped her 
large jaw against Aunt Petunias bony cheekbone. 

Uncle Vernon now came in, smiling jovially as he shut 
the door. 

Tea, Marge? he said. And what will Ripper take? 

Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer, said 
Aunt Marge as they all proceeded into the kitchen, 
leaving Harry alone in the hall with the suitcase. But 
Harry wasnt complaining; any excuse not to be with 
Aunt Marge was fine by him, so he began to heave the 
case upstairs into the spare bedroom, taking as long 
as he could. 

By the time he got back to the kitchen, Aunt Marge 
had been supplied with tea and fruitcake, and Ripper 
was lapping noisily in the corner. Harry saw Aunt 
Petunia wince slightly as specks of tea and drool 
flecked her clean floor. Aunt Petunia hated animals. 

Whos looking after the other dogs, Marge? Uncle 
Vernon asked. 

Oh, Ive got Colonel Fubster managing them, 
boomed Aunt Marge. Hes retired now, good for him 
to have something to do. But I couldnt leave poor old 
Ripper. He pines if hes away from me. 

Ripper began to growl again as Harry sat down. This 
directed Aunt Marges attention to Harry for the first 
time. 

So! she barked. Still here, are you? 

Yes, said Harry. 

  25 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dont you say yes in that ungrateful tone, Aunt 
Marge growled. Its damn good of Vernon and 
Petunia to keep you. Wouldnt have done it myself. 
Youd have gone straight to an orphanage if youd 
been dumped on my doorstep. 

Harry was bursting to say that hed rather live in an 
orphanage than with the Dursleys, but the thought of 
the Hogsmeade form stopped him. He forced his face 
into a painful smile. 

Dont you smirk at me! boomed Aunt Marge. I can 
see you havent improved since I last saw you. I hoped 
school would knock some manners into you. She 
took a large gulp of tea, wiped her mustache, and 
said, Where is it that you send him, again, Vernon? 

St. Brutuss, said Uncle Vernon promptly. Its a 
firstrate institution for hopeless cases. 

I see, said Aunt Marge. Do they use the cane at St. 
Brutuss, boy? she barked across the table. 

Er   



Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind Aunt Marges 
back. 

Yes, said Harry. Then, feeling he might as well do 
the thing properly, he added, all the time. 

Excellent, said Aunt Marge. I wont have this 
nambypamby, wishywashy nonsense about not 
hitting people who deserve it. A good thrashing is 
whats needed in ninetynine cases out of a hundred. 
Have you been beaten often? 

Oh, yeah, said Harry, loads of times. 



  26 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Aunt Marge narrowed her eyes. 



I still dont like your tone, boy, she said. If you can 
speak of your beatings in that casual way, they 
clearly arent hitting you hard enough. Petunia, Id 
write if I were you. Make it clear that you approve the 
use of extreme force in this boys case. 

Perhaps Uncle Vernon was worried that Harry might 
forget their bargain; in any case, he changed the 
subject abruptly. 

Heard the news this morning, Marge? What about 
that escaped prisoner, eh? 

As Aunt Marge started to make herself at home, Harry 
caught himself thinking almost longingly of life at 
number four without her. Uncle Vernon and Aunt 
Petunia usually encouraged Harry to stay out of their 
way, which Harry was only too happy to do. Aunt 
Marge, on the other hand, wanted Harry under her 
eye at all times, so that she could boom out 
suggestions for his improvement. She delighted in 
comparing Harry with Dudley, and took huge 
pleasure in buying Dudley expensive presents while 
glaring at Harry, as though daring him to ask why he 
hadnt got a present too. She also kept throwing out 
dark hints about what made Harry such an 
unsatisfactory person. 

You mustnt blame yourself for the way the boys 
turned out, Vernon, she said over lunch on the third 
day. If theres something rotten on the inside, theres 
nothing anyone can do about it. 

Harry tried to concentrate on his food, but his hands 
shook and his face was starting to burn with anger. 
Remember the form, he told himself. Think about 
Hogsmeade. Dont say anything. Dont rise  

  27 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Aunt Marge reached for her glass of wine. 



Its one of the basic rules of breeding, she said. You 
see it all the time with dogs. If theres something 
wrong with the bitch, therell be something wrong 
with the pup   

At that moment, the wineglass Aunt Marge was 
holding exploded in her hand. Shards of glass flew in 
every direction and Aunt Marge sputtered and 
blinked, her great ruddy face dripping. 

Marge! squealed Aunt Petunia. Marge, are you all 
right? 

Not to worry, grunted Aunt Marge, mopping her face 
with her napkin. Must have squeezed it too hard. Did 
the same thing at Colonel Fubsters the other day. No 
need to fuss, Petunia, I have a very firm grip ... 

But Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were both 
looking at Harry suspiciously, so he decided hed 
better skip dessert and escape from the table as soon 
as he could. 

Outside in the hall, he leaned against the wall, 
breathing deeply. It had been a long time since hed 
lost control and made something explode. He couldnt 
afford to let it happen again. The Hogsmeade form 
wasnt the only thing at stake  if he carried on like 
that, hed be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic. 

Harry was still an underage wizard, and he was 
forbidden by wizard law to do magic outside school. 
His record wasnt exactly clean either. Only last 
summer hed gotten an official warning that had 
stated quite clearly that if the Ministry got wind of 
any more magic in Privet Drive, Harry would face 
expulsion from Hogwarts. 

  28 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He heard the Dursleys leaving the table and hurried 
upstairs out of the way. 

Harry got through the next three days by forcing 
himself to think about his Handbook of DoItYourself 
Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge started on him. This 
worked quite well, though it seemed to give him a 
glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the 
opinion that he was mentally subnormal. 

At last, at long last, the final evening of Marges stay 
arrived. Aunt Petunia cooked a fancy dinner and 
Uncle Vernon uncorked several bottles of wine. They 
got all the way through the soup and the salmon 
without a single mention of Harrys faults; during the 
lemon meringue pie, Uncle Vernon bored them all 
with a long talk about Grunnings, his drillmaking 
company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle 
Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy. 

Can I tempt you, Marge? 

Aunt Marge had already had quite a lot of wine. Her 
huge face was very red. 

Just a small one, then, she chuckled. A bit more 
than that ... and a bit more ... thats the ticket. 

Dudley was eating his fourth slice of pie. Aunt 
Petunia was sipping coffee with her little finger 
sticking out. Harry really wanted to disappear into his 
bedroom, but he met Uncle Vernons angry little eyes 
and knew he would have to sit it out. 

Aah, said Aunt Marge, smacking her lips and 
putting the empty brandy glass back down. Excellent 
nosh, Petunia. Its normally just a fryup for me of an 
evening, with twelve dogs to look after. ... She 
burped richly and patted her great tweed stomach. 
  29 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Pardon me. But I do like to see a healthysized boy, 
she went on, winking at Dudley. Youll be a proper 
sized man, Dudders, like your father. Yes, Ill have a 
spot more brandy, Vernon. ... 

Now, this one here   

She jerked her head at Harry, who felt his stomach 
clench. The Handbook, he thought quickly. 

This ones got a mean, runty look about him. You get 
that with dogs. I had Colonel Fubster drown one last 
year. Ratty little thing it was. Weak. Underbred. 

Harry was trying to remember  twelve of his 
book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers. 

It all comes down to blood, as I was saying the other 
day. Bad blood will out. Now, Im saying nothing 
against your family, Petunia  she patted Aunt 
Petunias bony hand with her shovellike one  but 
your sister was a bad egg. They turn up in the best 
families. Then she ran off with a wastrel and heres 
the result right in front of us. 

Harry was staring at his plate, a funny ringing in his 
ears. Grasp your broom firmly by the tail, he thought. 
But he couldnt remember what came next. Aunt 
Marges voice seemed to be boring into him like one of 
Uncle Vernons drills. 

This Potter, said Aunt Marge loudly, seizing the 
brandy bottle and splashing more into her glass and 
over the tablecloth, you never told me what he did? 

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were looking 
extremely tense. Dudley had even looked up from his 
pie to gape at his parents. 



  30 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He  didnt work, said Uncle Vernon, with half a 
glance at Harry. Unemployed. 



As I expected! said Aunt Marge, taking a huge swig 
of brandy and wiping her chin on her sleeve. A no 
account, goodfornothing, lazy scrounger who   

He was not, said Harry suddenly. The table went 
very quiet. Harry was shaking all over. He had never 
felt so angry in his life. 

MORE BRANDY! yelled Uncle Vernon, who had gone 
very white. He emptied the bottle into Aunt Marges 
glass. You, boy, he snarled at Harry. Go to bed, go 
on   



No, Vernon, hiccuped Aunt Marge, holding up a 
hand, her tiny bloodshot eyes fixed on Harrys. Go 
on, boy, go on. Proud of your parents, are you? They 
go and get themselves killed in a car crash (drunk, I 
expect)   

They didnt die in a car crash! said Harry, who 
found himself on his feet. 

They died in a car crash, you nasty little liar, and left 
you to be a burden on their decent, hardworking 
relatives! screamed Aunt Marge, swelling with fury. 
You are an insolent, ungrateful little   

But Aunt Marge suddenly stopped speaking. For a 
moment, it looked as though words had failed her. 

She seemed to be swelling with inexpressible anger  
but the swelling didnt stop. Her great red face started 
to expand, her tiny eyes bulged, and her mouth 
stretched too tightly for speech  next second, 
several buttons had just burst from her tweed jacket 
and pinged off the walls  she was inflating like a 
monstrous balloon, her stomach bursting free of her 
  31 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




tweed waistband, each of her fingers blowing up like a 
salami  

MARGE! yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia 
together as Aunt Marges whole body began to rise off 
her chair toward the ceiling. She was entirely round, 
now, like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes, and her 
hands and feet stuck out weirdly as she drifted up 
into the air, making apoplectic popping noises. Ripper 
came skidding into the room, barking madly. 

NOOOOOOO! 

Uncle Vernon seized one of Marges feet and tried to 
pull her down again, but was almost lifted from the 
floor himself. A second later, Ripper leapt forward and 
sank his teeth into Uncle Vernons leg. 

Harry tore from the dining room before anyone could 
stop him, heading for the cupboard under the stairs. 
The cupboard door burst magically open as he 
reached it. In seconds, he had heaved his trunk to the 
front door. He sprinted upstairs and threw himself 
under the bed, wrenching up the loose floorboard, 
and grabbed the pillowcase full of his books and 
birthday presents. He wriggled out, seized Hedwigs 
empty cage, and dashed back downstairs to his 
trunk, just as Uncle Vernon burst out of the dining 
room, his trouser leg in bloody tatters. 

COME BACK IN HERE! he bellowed. COME BACK 
AND PUT HER RIGHT! 

But a reckless rage had come over Harry. He kicked 
his trunk open, pulled out his wand, and pointed it at 
Uncle Vernon. 

She deserved it, Harry said, breathing very fast. 

She deserved what she got. You keep away from me. 

  32 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He fumbled behind him for the latch on the door. 



Im going, Harry said. Ive had enough. 

And in the next moment, he was out in the dark, 
quiet street, heaving his heavy trunk behind him, 
Hedwigs cage under his arm. 



  33 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




3 




THE KNIGHT BUS 

Harry was several streets away before he collapsed 
onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent, panting from 
the effort of dragging his trunk. He sat quite still, 
anger still surging through him, listening to the 
frantic thumping of his heart. 

But after ten minutes alone in the dark street, a new 
emotion overtook him: panic. Whichever way he 
looked at it, he had never been in a worse fix. He was 
stranded, quite alone, in the dark Muggle world, with 
absolutely nowhere to go. And the worst of it was, he 
had just done serious magic, which meant that he 
was almost certainly expelled from Hogwarts. He had 
broken the Decree for the Restriction of Underage 
Wizardry so badly, he was surprised Ministry of Magic 
representatives werent swooping down on him where 
he sat. 

Harry shivered and looked up and down Magnolia 
Crescent. What was going to happen to him? Would 
he be arrested, or would he simply be outlawed from 
the wizarding world? He thought of Ron and 

  34 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Hermione, and his heart sank even lower. Harry was 
sure that, criminal or not, Ron and Hermione would 
want to help him now, but they were both abroad, 
and with Hedwig gone, he had no means of contacting 
them. 

He didnt have any Muggle money, either. There was a 
little wizard gold in the money bag at the bottom of 
his trunk, but the rest of the fortune his parents had 
left him was stored in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding 
Bank in London. Hed never be able to drag his trunk 
all the way to London. Unless ... 

He looked down at his wand, which he was still 
clutching in his hand. If he was already expelled (his 
heart was now thumping painfully fast), a bit more 
magic couldnt hurt. He had the Invisibility Cloak he 
had inherited from his father  what if he bewitched 
the trunk to make it featherlight, tied it to his 
broomstick, covered himself in the cloak, and flew to 
London? Then he could get the rest of his money out 
of his vault and ... begin his life as an outcast. It was 
a horrible prospect, but he couldnt sit on this wall 
forever, or hed find himself trying to explain to 
Muggle police why he was out in the dead of night 
with a trunkful of spellbooks and a broomstick. 

Harry opened his trunk again and pushed the 
contents aside, looking for the Invisibility Cloak  
but before he had found it, he straightened up 
suddenly, looking around him once more. 

A funny prickling on the back of his neck had made 
Harry feel he was being watched, but the street 
appeared to be deserted, and no lights shone from 
any of the large square houses. 

He bent over his trunk again, but almost immediately 
stood up once more, his hand clenched on his wand. 

  35 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He had sensed rather than heard it: someone or 
something was standing in the narrow gap between 
the garage and the fence behind him. Harry squinted 
at the black alleyway. If only it would move, then hed 
know whether it was just a stray cat or  something 
else. 

Lumos, Harry muttered, and a light appeared at the 
end of his wand, almost dazzling him. He held it high 
over his head, and the pebbledashed walls of number 
two suddenly sparkled; the garage door gleamed, and 
between them Harry saw, quite distinctly, the hulking 
outline of something very big, with wide, gleaming 
eyes. 

Harry stepped backward. His legs hit his trunk and 
he tripped. His wand flew out of his hand as he flung 
out an arm to break his fall, and he landed, hard, in 
the gutter  

There was a deafening BANG, and Harry threw up his 
hands to shield his eyes against a sudden blinding 
light  

With a yell, he rolled back onto the pavement, just in 
time. A second later, a gigantic pair of wheels and 
headlights screeched to a halt exactly where Harry 
had just been lying. They belonged, as Harry saw 
when he raised his head, to a tripledecker, violently 
purple bus, which had appeared out of thin air. Gold 
lettering over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus. 

For a split second, Harry wondered if he had been 
knocked silly by his fall. Then a conductor in a purple 
uniform leapt out of the bus and began to speak 
loudly to the night. 

Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for 
the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your 

  36 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




wand hand, step on board, and we can take you 
anywhere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike, 
and I will be your conductor this eve   

The conductor stopped abruptly. He had just caught 
sight of Harry, who was still sitting on the ground. 
Harry snatched up his wand again and scrambled to 
his feet. Close up, he saw that Stan Shunpike was 
only a few years older than he was, eighteen or 
nineteen at most, with large, protruding ears and 
quite a few pimples. 

What were you doin down there? said Stan, 
dropping his professional manner. 

Fell over, said Harry. 

 Choo fall over for? sniggered Stan. 

I didnt do it on purpose, said Harry, annoyed. One 
of the knees in his jeans was torn, and the hand he 
had thrown out to break his fall was bleeding. He 
suddenly remembered why he had fallen over and 
turned around quickly to stare at the alleyway 
between the garage and fence. The Knight Buss 
headlamps were flooding it with light, and it was 
empty. 

 Choo lookin at? said Stan. 

There was a big black thing, said Harry, pointing 
uncertainly into the gap. Like a dog ... but massive 



He looked around at Stan, whose mouth was slightly 
open. With a feeling of unease, Harry saw Stans eyes 
move to the scar on Harrys forehead. 

Woss that on your ead? said Stan abruptly. 

  37 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Nothing, said Harry quickly, flattening his hair over 
his scar. If the Ministry of Magic was looking for him, 
he didnt want to make it too easy for them. 

Woss your name? Stan persisted. 

Neville Longbottom, said Harry, saying the first 
name that came into his head. So  so this bus, he 
went on quickly, hoping to distract Stan, did you say 
it goes anywhere? 

Yep, said Stan proudly, anywhere you like, longs 
its on land. Cant do nuffink underwater. Ere, he 
said, looking suspicious again, you did flag us down, 
dincha? Stuck out your wand and, dincha? 

Yes, said Harry quickly. Listen, how much would it 
be to get to London? 

Eleven Sickles, said Stan, but for firteen you get ot 
chocolate, and for fifteen you get an ot water bottle 
an a toofbrush in the color of your choice. 

Harry rummaged once more in his trunk, extracted 
his money bag, and shoved some gold into Stans 
hand. He and Stan then lifted his trunk, with 
Hedwigs cage balanced on top, up the steps of the 
bus. 

There were no seats; instead, half a dozen brass 
bedsteads stood beside the curtained windows. 
Candles were burning in brackets beside each bed, 
illuminating the woodpaneled walls. A tiny wizard in 
a nightcap at the rear of the bus muttered, Not now, 
thanks, Im pickling some slugs and rolled over in his 
sleep. 

You ave this one, Stan whispered, shoving Harrys 
trunk under the bed right behind the driver, who was 

  38 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




sitting in an armchair in front of the steering wheel. 
This is our driver, Ernie Prang. This is Neville 
Longbottom, Ern. 

Ernie Prang, an elderly wizard wearing very thick 
glasses, nodded to Harry, who nervously flattened his 
bangs again and sat down on his bed. 

Take er away, Ern, said Stan, sitting down in the 
armchair next to Ernies. 

There was another tremendous BANG, and the next 
moment Harry found himself flat on his bed, thrown 
backward by the speed of the Knight Bus. Pulling 
himself up, Harry stared out of the dark window and 
saw that they were now bowling along a completely 
different street. Stan was watching Harrys stunned 
face with great enjoyment. 

This is where we was before you flagged us down, he 
said. Where are we, Ern? Somewhere in Wales? 

Ar, said Ernie. 

How come the Muggles dont hear the bus? said 
Harry. 

Them! said Stan contemptuously. Don listen 
properly, do they? Don look properly either. Never 
notice nuffink, they don. 

Best go wake up Madam Marsh, Stan, said Ern. 
Well be in Abergavenny in a minute. 

Stan passed Harrys bed and disappeared up a 
narrow wooden staircase. Harry was still looking out 
of the window, feeling increasingly nervous. Ernie 
didnt seem to have mastered the use of a steering 
wheel. The Knight Bus kept mounting the pavement, 
  39 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




but it didnt hit anything; lines of lampposts, 
mailboxes, and trash cans jumped out of its way as it 
approached and back into position once it had 
passed. 

Stan came back downstairs, followed by a faintly 
green witch wrapped in a traveling cloak. 

 Ere you go, Madam Marsh, said Stan happily as 
Ern stamped on the brake and the beds slid a foot or 
so toward the front of the bus. Madam Marsh 
clamped a handkerchief to her mouth and tottered 
down the steps. Stan threw her bag out after her and 
rammed the doors shut; there was another loud 
BANG, and they were thundering down a narrow 
country lane, trees leaping out of the way. 

Harry wouldnt have been able to sleep even if he had 
been traveling on a bus that didnt keep banging 
loudly and jumping a hundred miles at a time. His 
stomach churned as he fell back to wondering what 
was going to happen to him, and whether the 
Dursleys had managed to get Aunt Marge off the 
ceiling yet. 

Stan had unfurled a copy of the Daily Prophet and 
was now reading with his tongue between his teeth. A 
large photograph of a sunkenfaced man with long, 
matted hair blinked slowly at Harry from the front 
. He looked strangely familiar. 

That man! Harry said, forgetting his troubles for a 
moment. He was on the Muggle news! 

Stanley turned to the front  and chuckled. 

Sirius Black, he said, nodding.  Course e was on 
the Muggle news, Neville, where you been? 



  40 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look 
on Harrys face, removed the front , and handed 
it to Harry. 

You oughta read the papers more, Neville. 

Harry held the paper up to the candlelight and read: 
BLACK STILL AT LARGE 

Sirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner 
ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding 
capture, the Ministry of Magic confirmed today. 

We are doing all we can to recapture Black, said the 
Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, 

and we beg the magical community to remain calm. 

Fudge has been criticized by some members of the 
International Federation of Warlocks for informing the 
Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis. 

Well, really, I had to, dont you know, said an 
irritable Fudge. Black is mad. Hes a danger to 
anyone who crosses him, magic or Muggle. I have the 
Prime Ministers assurance that he will not breathe a 
word of Blacks true identity to anyone. And lets face 
it  whod believe him if he did? 

While Muggles have been told that Black is carrying a 
gun (a kind of metal wand that Muggles use to kill 
each other), the magical community lives in fear of a 
massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Black 
murdered thirteen people with a single curse. 



Harry looked into the shadowed eyes of Sirius Black, 
the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. 

  41 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry had never met a vampire, but he had seen 
pictures of them in his Defense Against the Dark Arts 
classes, and Black, with his waxy white skin, looked 
just like one. 

Scarylookin fing, inee? said Stan, who had been 
watching Harry read. 

He murdered thirteen people? said Harry, handing 
the  back to Stan, with one curse? 

Yep, said Stan, in front of witnesses an all. Broad 
daylight. Big trouble it caused, dinnit, Ern? 

Ar, said Ern darkly. 

Stan swiveled in his armchair, his hands on the back, 
the better to look at Harry. 

Black woz a big supporter of YouKnowOo, he said. 

What, Voldemort? said Harry, without thinking. 

Even Stans pimples went white; Ern jerked the 
steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse had to 
jump aside to avoid the bus. 

You outta your tree? yelped Stan.  Choo say is 
name for? 

Sorry, said Harry hastily. Sorry, I  I forgot   

Forgot! said Stan weakly. Blimey, my earts goin 
that fast... 

So  so Black was a supporter of YouKnowWho? 
Harry prompted apologetically. 



  42 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Yeah, said Stan, still rubbing his chest. Yeah, 
thats right. Very close to YouKnowOo, they say. 
Anyway, when little Arry Potter got the better of You 
KnowOo   

Harry nervously flattened his bangs down again. 

  all YouKnowOos supporters was tracked down, 
wasnt they, Ern? Most of em knew it was all over, 
wiv YouKnowOo gone, and they came quiet. But not 
Sirius Black. I eard he thought ed be secondin 
command once YouKnowOo ad taken over. 

Anyway, they cornered Black in the middle of a street 
full of Muggles an Black took out is wand and e 
blasted alf the street apart, an a wizard got it, an so 
did a dozen Muggles what got in the way. Orrible, eh? 
An you know what Black did then? Stan continued 
in a dramatic whisper. 

What? said Harry. 

Laughed, said Stan. Jus stood there an laughed. 
An when reinforcements from the Ministry of Magic 
got there, e went wiv em quiet as anyfink, still 
laughing is ead off. Cos es mad, inee, Ern? Inee 
mad? 

If he werent when he went to Azkaban, he will be 
now, said Ern in his slow voice. Id blow meself up 
before I set foot in that place. Serves him right, mind 
you ... after what he did. ... 

They ad a job coverin it up, din they, Ern? Stan 
said.  Ole street blown up an all them Muggles 
dead. What was it they said ad appened, Ern? 

Gas explosion, grunted Ernie. 



  43 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




An now es out, said Stan, examining the 
newspaper picture of Blacks gaunt face again. Never 
been a breakout from Azkaban before, as there, Ern? 
Beats me ow e did it. Frightenin, eh? Mind, I dont 
fancy is chances against them Azkaban guards, eh, 
Ern? 

Ernie suddenly shivered. 

Talk about summat else, Stan, theres a good lad. 
Them Azkaban guards give me the collywobbles. 

Stan put the paper away reluctantly, and Harry 
leaned against the window of the Knight Bus, feeling 
worse than ever. He couldnt help imagining what 
Stan might be telling his passengers in a few nights 
time. 

 Ear about that Arry Potter? Blew up is aunt! We 
ad im ere on the Knight Bus, dint we, Ern? E was 
tryin to run for it. ... 

He, Harry, had broken wizard law just like Sirius 
Black. Was inflating Aunt Marge bad enough to land 
him in Azkaban? Harry didnt know anything about 
the wizard prison, though everyone hed ever heard 
speak of it did so in the same fearful tone. Hagrid, the 
Hogwarts gamekeeper, had spent two months there 
only last year. Harry wouldnt soon forget the look of 
terror on Hagrid s face when he had been told where 
he was going, and Hagrid was one of the bravest 
people Harry knew. 

The Knight Bus rolled through the darkness, 
scattering bushes and wastebaskets, telephone 
booths and trees, and Harry lay, restless and 
miserable, on his feather bed. After a while, Stan 
remembered that Harry had paid for hot chocolate, 
but poured it all over Harrys pillow when the bus 
  44 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




moved abruptly from Anglesey to Aberdeen. One by 
one, wizards and witches in dressing gowns and 
slippers descended from the upper floors to leave the 
bus. They all looked very pleased to go. 

Finally, Harry was the only passenger left. 

Right then, Neville, said Stan, clapping his hands, 
whereabouts in London? 

Diagon Alley, said Harry. 

Righto, said Stan.  Old tight, then ... 

BANG! 

They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. 
Harry sat up and watched buildings and benches 
squeezing themselves out of the Knight Buss way. 

The sky was getting a little lighter. He would lie low 
for a couple of hours, go to Gringotts the moment it 
opened, then set off  where, he didnt know. 

Ern slammed on the brakes and the Knight Bus 
skidded to a halt in front of a small and shabby 
looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron, behind which lay 
the magical entrance to Diagon Alley. 

Thanks, Harry said to Ern. 

He jumped down the steps and helped Stan lower his 
trunk and Hedwigs cage onto the pavement. 

Well, said Harry.  Bye then! 

But Stan wasnt paying attention. Still standing in the 
doorway to the bus, he was goggling at the shadowy 
entrance to the Leaky Cauldron. 



  45 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




 There you are, Harry, said a voice. 



Before Harry could turn, he felt a hand on his 
shoulder. At the same time, Stan shouted, Blimey! 
Ern, come ere! Come ere! 

Harry looked up at the owner of the hand on his 
shoulder and felt a bucketful of ice cascade into his 
stomach  he had walked right into Cornelius Fudge, 
the Minister of Magic himself. 

Stan leapt onto the pavement beside them. 

What didja call Neville, Minister? he said excitedly. 

Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, 
looked cold and exhausted. 

Neville? he repeated, frowning. This is Harry 
Potter. 

I knew it! Stan shouted gleefully. Ern! Ern! Guess 
oo Neville is, Ern! Es Arry Potter! I can see is scar! 

Yes, said Fudge testily, well, Im very glad the 
Knight Bus picked Harry up, but he and I need to 
step inside the Leaky Cauldron now ... 

Fudge increased the pressure on Harrys shoulder, 
and Harry found himself being steered inside the pub. 
A stooping figure bearing a lantern appeared through 
the door behind the bar. It was Tom, the wizened, 
toothless landlord. 

Youve got him, Minister! said Tom. Will you be 
wanting anything? Beer? Brandy? 

Perhaps a pot of tea, said Fudge, who still hadnt let 
go of Harry. 

  46 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




There was a loud scraping and puffing from behind 
them, and Stan and Ern appeared, carrying Harrys 
trunk and Hedwigs cage and looking around 
excitedly. 

 Ow come you dint tell us oo you are, eh, Neville? 
said Stan, beaming at Harry, while Ernies owlish face 
peered interestedly over Stans shoulder. 

And a private parlor, please, Tom, said Fudge 
pointedly. 

 Bye, Harry said miserably to Stan and Ern as Tom 
beckoned Fudge toward the passage that led from the 
bar. 

 Bye, Neville! called Stan. 

Fudge marched Harry along the narrow passage after 
Toms lantern, and then into a small parlor. Tom 
clicked his fingers, a fire burst into life in the grate, 
and he bowed himself out of the room. 

Sit down, Harry, said Fudge, indicating a chair by 
the fire. 

Harry sat down, feeling goose bumps rising up his 
arms despite the glow of the fire. Fudge took off his 
pinstriped cloak and tossed it aside, then hitched up 
the trousers of his bottlegreen suit and sat down 
opposite Harry. 

I am Cornelius Fudge, Harry. The Minister of Magic. 

Harry already knew this, of course; he had seen 
Fudge once before, but as he had been wearing his 
fathers Invisibility Cloak at the time, Fudge wasnt to 
know that. 



  47 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Tom the innkeeper reappeared, wearing an apron over 
his nightshirt and bearing a tray of tea and crumpets. 
He placed the tray on a table between Fudge and 
Harry and left the parlor, closing the door behind 
him. 

Well, Harry, said Fudge, pouring out tea, youve 
had us all in a right flap, I dont mind telling you. 
Running away from your aunt and uncles house like 
that! Id started to think ... but youre safe, and thats 
what matters. 

Fudge buttered himself a crumpet and pushed the 
plate toward Harry. 

Eat, Harry, you look dead on your feet. Now then ... 
You will be pleased to hear that we have dealt with 
the unfortunate blowingup of Miss Marjorie Dursley. 
Two members of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad 
were dispatched to Privet Drive a few hours ago. Miss 
Dursley has been punctured and her memory has 
been modified. She has no recollection of the incident 
at all. So thats that, and no harm done. 

Fudge smiled at Harry over the rim of his teacup, 
rather like an uncle surveying a favorite nephew. 
Harry, who couldnt believe his ears, opened his 
mouth to speak, couldnt think of anything to say, 
and closed it again. 

Ah, youre worrying about the reaction of your aunt 
and uncle? said Fudge. Well, I wont deny that they 
are extremely angry, Harry, but they are prepared to 
take you back next summer as long as you stay at 
Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays. 

Harry unstuck his throat. 



  48 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I always stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and 
Easter holidays, he said, and I dont ever want to go 
back to Privet Drive. 

Now, now, Im sure youll feel differently once youve 
calmed down, said Fudge in a worried tone. They 
are your family, after all, and Im sure you are fond of 
each other  er  very deep down. 

It didnt occur to Harry to put Fudge right. He was 
still waiting to hear what was going to happen to him 
now. 

So all that remains, said Fudge, now buttering 
himself a second crumpet, is to decide where youre 
going to spend the last three weeks of your vacation. I 
suggest you take a room here at the Leaky Cauldron 
and   

Hang on, blurted Harry. What about my 
punishment? 

Fudge blinked. 

Punishment? 

I broke the law! Harry said. The Decree for the 
Restriction of Underage Wizardry! 

Oh, my dear boy, were not going to punish you for a 
little thing like that! cried Fudge, waving his crumpet 
impatiently. It was an accident! We dont send people 
to Azkaban just for blowing up their aunts! 

But this didnt tally at all with Harrys past dealings 
with the Ministry of Magic. 

Last year, I got an official warning just because a 
houseelf smashed a pudding in my uncles house! 

  49 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




he told Fudge, frowning. The Ministry of Magic said 
Id be expelled from Hogwarts if there was any more 
magic there! 

Unless Harrys eyes were deceiving him, Fudge was 
suddenly looking awkward. 

Circumstances change, Harry. ... We have to take 
into account ... in the present climate . . . Surely you 
dont want to be expelled? 

Of course I dont, said Harry. 

Well then, whats all the fuss about? laughed Fudge. 
Now, have a crumpet, Harry, while I go and see if 
Toms got a room for you. 

Fudge strode out of the parlor and Harry stared after 
him. There was something extremely odd going on. 
Why had Fudge been waiting for him at the Leaky 
Cauldron, if not to punish him for what hed done? 
And now Harry came to think of it, surely it wasnt 
usual for the Minister of Magic himself to get involved 
in matters of underage magic? 

Fudge came back, accompanied by Tom the 
innkeeper. 

Room elevens free, Harry, said Fudge. I think youll 
be very comfortable. Just one thing, and Im sure 
youll understand ... I dont want you wandering off 
into Muggle London, all right? Keep to Diagon Alley. 
And youre to be back here before dark each night. 
Sure youll understand. Tom will be keeping an eye on 
you for me. 

Okay, said Harry slowly, but why  ? 



  50 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dont want to lose you again, do we? said Fudge 
with a hearty laugh. No, no ... best we know where 
you are. ... I mean ... 

Fudge cleared his throat loudly and picked up his 
pinstriped cloak. 

Well, Ill be off, plenty to do, you know. ... 

Have you had any luck with Black yet? Harry asked. 

Fudges finger slipped on the silver fastenings of his 
cloak. 

Whats that? Oh, youve heard  well, no, not yet, 
but its only a matter of time. The Azkaban guards 
have never yet failed ... and they are angrier than Ive 
ever seen them. 

Fudge shuddered slightly. 

So, Ill say goodbye. 

He held out his hand and Harry, shaking it, had a 
sudden idea. 

Er  Minister? Can I ask you something? 

Certainly, said Fudge with a smile. 

Well, third years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit 
Hogsmeade, but my aunt and uncle didnt sign the 
permission form. Dyou think you could  ? 

Fudge was looking uncomfortable. 

Ah, he said. No, no, Im very sorry, Harry, but as 
Im not your parent or guardian   



  51 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But youre the Minister of Magic, said Harry eagerly. 
If you gave me permission   

No, Im sorry, Harry, but rules are rules, said Fudge 
flatly. Perhaps youll be able to visit Hogsmeade next 
year. In fact, I think its best if you dont ... yes ... 
well, Ill be off. Enjoy your stay, Harry. 

And with a last smile and shake of Harrys hand, 
Fudge left the room. Tom now moved forward, 
beaming at Harry. 

If youll follow me, Mr. Potter, he said, Ive already 
taken your things up. ... 

Harry followed Tom up a handsome wooden staircase 
to a door with a brass number eleven on it, which 
Tom unlocked and opened for him. 

Inside was a very comfortablelooking bed, some 
highly polished oak furniture, a cheerfully crackling 
fire and, perched on top of the wardrobe  

Hedwig! Harry gasped. 

The snowy owl clicked her beak and fluttered down 
onto Harrys arm. 

Very smart owl youve got there, chuckled Tom. 
Arrived about five minutes after you did. If theres 
anything you need, Mr. Potter, dont hesitate to ask. 

He gave another bow and left. 

Harry sat on his bed for a long time, absentmindedly 
stroking Hedwig. The sky outside the window was 
changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold, 
steely gray and then, slowly, to pink shot with gold. 
Harry could hardly believe that hed left Privet Drive 
  52 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




only a few hours ago, that he wasnt expelled, and 
that he was now facing three Dursleyfree weeks. 



Its been a very weird night, Hedwig, he yawned. 

And without even removing his glasses, he slumped 
back onto his pillows and fell asleep. 



  53 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






THE LEAKY CAULDRON 

It took Harry several days to get used to his strange 
new freedom. Never before had he been able to get up 
whenever he wanted or eat whatever he fancied. He 
could even go wherever he pleased, as long as it was 
in Diagon Alley, and as this long cobbled street was 
packed with the most fascinating wizarding shops in 
the world, Harry felt no desire to break his word to 
Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world. 

Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky 
Cauldron, where he liked watching the other guests: 
funny little witches from the country, up for a days 
shopping; venerablelooking wizards arguing over the 
latest article in Transfiguration Today; wildlooking 
warlocks; raucous dwarfs; and once, what looked 
suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw 
liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava. 

After breakfast Harry would go out into the backyard, 
take out his wand, tap the third brick from the left 
above the trash bin, and stand back as the archway 
into Diagon Alley opened in the wall. 

  54 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Harry spent the long sunny days exploring the shops 
and eating under the brightly colored umbrellas 
outside cafes, where his fellow diners were showing 
one another their purchases (its a lunascope, old 
boy  no more messing around with moon charts, 
see?) or else discussing the case of Sirius Black 
(personally, I wont let any of the children out alone 
until hes back in Azkaban). Harry didnt have to do 
his homework under the blankets by flashlight 
anymore; now he could sit in the bright sunshine 
outside Florean Fortescues Ice Cream Parlor, 
finishing all his essays with occasional help from 
Florean Fortescue himself, who, apart from knowing a 
great deal about medieval witch burnings, gave Harry 
free sundaes every half an hour. 

Once Harry had refilled his money bag with gold 
Galleons, silver Sickles, and bronze Knuts from his 
vault at Gringotts, he had to exercise a lot of self 
control not to spend the whole lot at once. He had to 
keep reminding himself that he had five years to go at 
Hogwarts, and how it would feel to ask the Dursleys 
for money for spellbooks, to stop himself from buying 
a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a wizarding 
game rather like marbles, in which the stones squirt a 
nastysmelling liquid into the other players face when 
they lose a point). He was sorely tempted, too, by the 
perfect, moving model of the galaxy in a large glass 
ball, which would have meant he never had to take 
another Astronomy lesson. But the thing that tested 
Harrys resolution most appeared in his favorite shop, 
Quality Quidditch Supplies, a week after hed arrived 
at the Leaky Cauldron. 

Curious to know what the crowd in the shop was 
staring at, Harry edged his way inside and squeezed 
in among the excited witches and wizards until he 
glimpsed a newly erected podium, on which was 



  55 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




mounted the most magnificent broom he had ever 
seen in his life. 

Just come out  prototype   a squarejawed 
wizard was telling his companion. 

Its the fastest broom in the world, isnt it, Dad? 
squeaked a boy younger than Harry, who was 
swinging off his fathers arm. 

Irish International Sides just put in an order for 
seven of these beauties! the proprietor of the shop 
told the crowd. And theyre favorites for the World 
Cup! 

A large witch in front of Harry moved, and he was 
able to read the sign next to the broom: 

THE FIREBOLT 

This stateoftheart racing broom sports a stream 
lined, superfine handle of ash, treated with a 
diamondhard polish and handnumbered with its 
own registration number. Each individually selected 
birch twig in the broomtail has been honed to 
aerodynamic perfection, giving the Firebolt 
unsurpassable balance and pinpoint precision. The 
Firebolt has an acceleration of 150 miles an hour in 
ten seconds and incorporates an unbreakable 
Braking Charm. Price on request. 

Price on request ... Harry didnt like to think how 
much gold the Firebolt would cost. He had never 
wanted anything as much in his whole life  but he 
had never lost a Quidditch match on his Nimbus Two 
Thousand, and what was the point in emptying his 
Gringotts vault for the Firebolt, when he had a very 
good broom already? Harry didnt ask for the price, 



  56 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




but he returned, almost every day after that, just to 
look at the Firebolt. 

There were, however, things that Harry needed to 
buy. He went to the Apothecary to replenish his store 
of potions ingredients, and as his school robes were 
now several inches too short in the arm and leg, he 
visited Madam Malkins Robes for All Occasions and 
bought new ones. Most important of all, he had to 
buy his new schoolbooks, which would include those 
for his two new subjects, Care of Magical Creatures 
and Divination. 

Harry got a surprise as he looked in at the bookshop 
window. Instead of the usual display of gold 
embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs, there 
was a large iron cage behind the glass that held about 
a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters. 
Torn s were flying everywhere as the books 
grappled with each other, locked together in furious 
wrestling matches and snapping aggressively. 

Harry pulled his booklist out of his pocket and 
consulted it for the first time. The Monster Book of 
Monsters was listed as the required book for Care of 
Magical Creatures. Now Harry understood why Hagrid 
had said it would come in useful. He felt relieved; he 
had been wondering whether Hagrid wanted help with 
some terrifying new pet. 

As Harry entered Flourish and Blotts, the manager 
came hurrying toward him. 

Hogwarts? he said abruptly. Come to get your new 
books? 

Yes, said Harry, I need   



  57 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Get out of the way, said the manager impatiently, 
brushing Harry aside. He drew on a pair of very thick 
gloves, picked up a large, knobbly walking stick, and 
proceeded toward the door of the Monster Books cage. 

Hang on, said Harry quickly, Ive already got one of 
those. 

Have you? A look of enormous relief spread over the 
managers face. Thank heavens for that. Ive been 
bitten five times already this morning   

A loud ripping noise rent the air; two of the Monster 
Books had seized a third and were pulling it apart. 

Stop it! Stop it! cried the manager, poking the 
walking stick through the bars and knocking the 
books apart. Im never stocking them again, never! 

Its been bedlam! I thought wed seen the worst when 
we bought two hundred copies of the Invisible Book of 
Invisibility  cost a fortune, and we never found 
them. ... Well ... is there anything else I can help you 
with? 

Yes, said Harry, looking down his booklist, I need 
Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky. 

Ah, starting Divination, are you? said the manager, 
stripping off his gloves and leading Harry into the 
back of the shop, where there was a corner devoted to 
fortunetelling. A small table was stacked with 
volumes such as Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate 
Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When 
Fortunes Turn Foul. 

Here you are, said the manager, who had climbed a 
set of steps to take down a thick, blackbound book. 
Unfogging the Future. Very good guide to all your 



  58 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




basic fortunetelling methods  palmistry, crystal 
balls, bird entrails   

But Harry wasnt listening. His eyes had fallen on 
another book, which was among a display on a small 
table: Death Omens: What to Do When You Know the 
Worst Is Coming. 

Oh, I wouldnt read that if I were you, said the 
manager lightly, looking to see what Harry was 
staring at. Youll start seeing death omens 
everywhere. Its enough to frighten anyone to death. 

But Harry continued to stare at the front cover of the 
book; it showed a black dog large as a bear, with 
gleaming eyes. It looked oddly familiar. ... 

The manager pressed Unfogging the Future into 
Harrys hands. 

Anything else? he said. 

Yes, said Harry, tearing his eyes away from the 
dogs and dazedly consulting his booklist. Er  I 
need Intermediate Transfiguration and The Standard 
Book of Spells, Grade Three. 

Harry emerged from Flourish and Blotts ten minutes 
later with his new books under his arms and made 
his way back to the Leaky Cauldron, hardly noticing 
where he was going and bumping into several people. 

He tramped up the stairs to his room, went inside, 
and tipped his books onto his bed. Somebody had 
been in to tidy; the windows were open and sun was 
pouring inside. Harry could hear the buses rolling by 
in the unseen Muggle street behind him and the 
sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley. He 
caught sight of himself in the mirror over the basin. 
  59 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It cant have been a death omen, he told his 
reflection defiantly. I was panicking when I saw that 
thing in Magnolia Crescent. ... It was probably just a 
stray dog. ... 

He raised his hand automatically and tried to make 
his hair lie flat. 

Youre fighting a losing battle there, dear, said his 
mirror in a wheezy voice. 

As the days slipped by, Harry started looking 
wherever he went for a sign of Ron or Hermione. 

Plenty of Hogwarts students were arriving in Diagon 
Alley now, with the start of term so near. Harry met 
Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, his fellow 
Gryffindors, in Quality Quidditch Supplies, where 
they too were ogling the Firebolt; he also ran into the 
real Neville Longbottom, a roundfaced, forgetful boy, 
outside Flourish and Blotts. Harry didnt stop to chat; 
Neville appeared to have mislaid his booklist and was 
being told off by his very formidablelooking 
grandmother. Harry hoped she never found out that 
hed pretended to be Neville while on the run from the 
Ministry of Magic. 

Harry woke on the last day of the holidays, thinking 
that he would at least meet Ron and Hermione 
tomorrow, on the Hogwarts Express. He got up, 
dressed, went for a last look at the Firebolt, and was 
just wondering where hed have lunch, when someone 
yelled his name and he turned. 

Harry! HARRY! 

They were there, both of them, sitting outside Florean 
Fortescues Ice Cream Parlor  Ron looking 
incredibly freckly, Hermione very brown, both waving 
frantically at him. 

  60 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Finally! said Ron, grinning at Harry as he sat down. 
We went to the Leaky Cauldron, but they said youd 
left, and we went to Flourish and Blotts, and Madam 
Malkins, and   

I got all my school stuff last week, Harry explained. 
And how come you knew Im staying at the Leaky 
Cauldron? 

Dad, said Ron simply. 

Mr. Weasley, who worked at the Ministry of Magic, 
would of course have heard the whole story of what 
had happened to Aunt Marge. 

Did you really blow up your aunt, Harry? said 
Hermione in a very serious voice. 

I didnt mean to, said Harry while Ron roared with 
laughter. I just  lost control. 

Its not funny, Ron, said Hermione sharply. 
Honestly, Im amazed Harry wasnt expelled. 

So am I, admitted Harry. Forget expelled, I thought 
I was going to be arrested. He looked at Ron. Your 
dad doesnt know why Fudge let me off, does he? 

Probably cause its you, isnt it? shrugged Ron, still 
chuckling. Famous Harry Potter and all that. Id hate 
to see what the Ministryd do to me if I blew up an 
aunt. Mind you, theyd have to dig me up first, 
because Mum wouldve killed me. Anyway, you can 
ask Dad yourself this evening. Were staying at the 
Leaky Cauldron tonight too! So you can come to 
Kings Cross with us tomorrow! Hermiones there as 
well! 



  61 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione nodded, beaming. Mum and Dad dropped 
me off this morning with all my Hogwarts things. 

Excellent! said Harry happily. So, have you got all 
your new books and stuff? 

Look at this, said Ron, pulling a long thin box out of 
a bag and opening it. Brandnew wand. Fourteen 
inches, willow, containing one unicorn tailhair. And 
weve got all our books   He pointed at a large bag 
under his chair. What about those Monster Books, 
eh? The assistant nearly cried when we said we 
wanted two. 

Whats all that, Hermione? Harry asked, pointing at 
not one but three bulging bags in the chair next to 
her. 

Well, Im taking more new subjects than you, arent 
I? said Hermione. Those are my books for 
Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divination, 
Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studies   

What are you doing Muggle Studies for? said Ron, 
rolling his eyes at Harry. Youre Muggleborn! Your 
mum and dad are Muggles! You already know all 
about Muggles! 

But itll be fascinating to study them from the 
wizarding point of view, said Hermione earnestly. 

Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, 
Hermione? asked Harry, while Ron sniggered. 
Hermione ignored them. 

Ive still got ten Galleons, she said, checking her 
purse. Its my birthday in September, and Mum and 
Dad gave me some money to get myself an early 
birthday present. 

  62 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




How about a nice book? said Ron innocently. 

No, I dont think so, said Hermione composedly. I 
really want an owl. I mean, Harrys got Hedwig and 
youve got Errol   

I havent, said Ron. Errols a family owl. All Ive got 
is Scabbers. He pulled his pet rat out of his pocket. 
And I want to get him checked over, he added, 
placing Scabbers on the table in front of them. I 
dont think Egypt agreed with him. 

Scabbers was looking thinner than usual, and there 
was a definite droop to his whiskers. 

Theres a magical creature shop just over there, said 
Harry, who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. You 
could see if theyve got anything for Scabbers, and 
Hermione can get her owl. 

So they paid for their ice cream and crossed the street 
to the Magical Menagerie. 

There wasnt much room inside. Every inch of wall 
was hidden by cages. It was smelly and very noisy 
because the occupants of these cages were all 
squeaking, squawking, jabbering, or hissing. The 
witch behind the counter was already advising a 
wizard on the care of doubleended newts, so Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione waited, examining the cages. 

A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly 
and feasting on dead blowflies. A gigantic tortoise 
with a jewelencrusted shell was glittering near the 
window. Poisonous orange snails were oozing slowly 
up the side of their glass tank, and a fat white rabbit 
kept changing into a silk top hat and back again with 
a loud popping noise. Then there were cats of every 
color, a noisy cage of ravens, a basket of funny 
  63 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




custardcolored furballs that were humming loudly, 
and on the counter, a vast cage of sleek black rats 
that were playing some sort of skipping game using 
their long, bald tails. 

The doubleended newt wizard left, and Ron 
approached the counter. 

Its my rat, he told the witch. He been a bit offcolor 
ever since I brought him back from Egypt. 

Bang him on the counter, said the witch, pulling a 
pair of heavy black spectacles out of her pocket. 

Ron lifted Scabbers out of his inside pocket and 
placed him next to the cage of his fellow rats, who 
stopped their skipping tricks and scuffled to the wire 
for a better look. 

Like nearly everything Ron owned, Scabbers the rat 
was secondhand (he had once belonged to Rons 
brother Percy) and a bit battered. Next to the glossy 
rats in the cage, he looked especially woebegone. 

Hm, said the witch, picking up Scabbers. How old 
is this rat? 

Dunno, said Ron. Quite old. He used to belong to 
my brother. 

What powers does he have? said the witch, 
examining Scabbers closely. 

Er   The truth was that Scabbers had never shown 
the faintest trace of interesting powers. The witchs 
eyes moved from Scabbers s tattered left ear to his 
front paw, which had a toe missing, and tutted 
loudly. 



  64 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hes been through the mill, this one, she said. 



He was like that when Percy gave him to me, said 
Ron defensively. 

An ordinary common or garden rat like this cant be 
expected to live longer than three years or so, said 
the witch. Now, if you were looking for something a 
bit more hardwearing, you might like one of these   

She indicated the black rats, who promptly started 
skipping again. Ron muttered, Showoffs. 

Well, if you dont want a replacement, you can try 
this rat tonic, said the witch, reaching under the 
counter and bringing out a small red bottle. 

Okay, said Ron. How much  OUCH! 

Ron buckled as something huge and orange came 
soaring from the top of the highest cage, landed on 
his head, and then propelled itself, spitting madly, at 
Scabbers. 

NO, CROOKSHANKS, NO! cried the witch, but 
Scabbers shot from between her hands like a bar of 
soap, landed splaylegged on the floor, and then 
scampered for the door. 

Scabbers! Ron shouted, racing out of the shop after 
him; Harry followed. 

It took them nearly ten minutes to catch Scabbers, 
who had taken refuge under a wastepaper bin outside 
Quality Quidditch Supplies. Ron stuffed the trembling 
rat back into his pocket and straightened up, 
massaging his head. 

What was that? 

  65 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger, 
said Harry. 

Wheres Hermione? 

Probably getting her owl   

They made their way back up the crowded street to 
the Magical Menagerie. As they reached it, Hermione 
came out, but she wasnt carrying an owl. Her arms 
were clamped tightly around the enormous ginger cat. 

You bought that monster? said Ron, his mouth 
hanging open. 

Hes gorgeous, isnt he? said Hermione, glowing. 

That was a matter of opinion, thought Harry. The 
cats ginger fur was thick and fluffy, but it was 
definitely a bit bowlegged and its face looked grumpy 
and oddly squashed, as though it had run headlong 
into a brick wall. Now that Scabbers was out of sight, 
however, the cat was purring contentedly in 
Hermione s arms. 

Hermione, that thing nearly scalped me! said Ron. 

He didnt mean to, did you, Crookshanks? said 
Hermione. 

And what about Scabbers? said Ron, pointing at the 
lump in his chest pocket. He needs rest and 
relaxation! Hows he going to get it with that thing 
around? 

That reminds me, you forgot your rat tonic, said 
Hermione, slapping the small red bottle into Rons 
hand. And stop worrying, Crookshanks will be 
sleeping in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours, 

  66 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




whats the problem? Poor Crookshanks, that witch 
said hed been in there for ages; no one wanted him. 

I wonder why, said Ron sarcastically as they set off 
toward the Leaky Cauldron. 

They found Mr. Weasley sitting in the bar, reading the 
Daily Prophet. 

Harry! he said, smiling as he looked up. How are 
you? 

Fine, thanks, said Harry as he, Ron, and Hermione 
joined Mr. Weasley with all their shopping. 

Mr. Weasley put down his paper, and Harry saw the 
now familiar picture of Sirius Black staring up at him. 

They still havent caught him, then? he asked. 

No, said Mr. Weasley, looking extremely grave. 
Theyve pulled us all off our regular jobs at the 
Ministry to try and find him, but no luck so far. 

Would we get a reward if we caught him? asked 
Ron. Itd be good to get some more money   

Dont be ridiculous, Ron, said Mr. Weasley, who on 
closer inspection looked very strained. Blacks not 
going to be caught by a thirteenyearold wizard. Its 
the Azkaban guards wholl get him back, you mark 
my words. 

At that moment Mrs. Weasley entered the bar, laden 
with shopping bags and followed by the twins, Fred 
and George, who were about to start their fifth year at 
Hogwarts; the newly elected Head Boy, Percy; and the 
Weasleys youngest child and only girl, Ginny. 



  67 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ginny, who had always been very taken with Harry, 
seemed even more heartily embarrassed than usual 
when she saw him, perhaps because he had saved 
her life during their previous year at Hogwarts. She 
went very red and muttered hello without looking at 
him. Percy, however, held out his hand solemnly as 
though he and Harry had never met and said, Harry. 
How nice to see you. 

Hello, Percy, said Harry, trying not to laugh. 

I hope youre well? said Percy pompously, shaking 
hands. It was rather like being introduced to the 
mayor. 

Very well, thanks   

Harry! said Fred, elbowing Percy out of the way and 
bowing deeply. Simply splendid to see you, old boy  



Marvelous, said George, pushing Fred aside and 
seizing Harrys hand in turn. Absolutely spiffing. 

Percy scowled. 

Thats enough, now, said Mrs. Weasley. 

Mum! said Fred as though hed only just spotted her 
and seizing her hand too. How really corking to see 
you   

I said, thats enough, said Mrs. Weasley, depositing 
her shopping in an empty chair. Hello, Harry, dear. I 
suppose youve heard our exciting news? She pointed 
to the brandnew silver badge on Percys chest. 
Second Head Boy in the family! she said, swelling 
with pride. 



  68 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




And last, Fred muttered under his breath. 



I dont doubt that, said Mrs. Weasley, frowning 
suddenly. I notice they havent made you two 
prefects. 

What do we want to be prefects for? said George, 
looking revolted at the very idea. Itd take all the fun 
out of life. 

Ginny giggled. 

You want to set a better example for your sister! 
snapped Mrs. Weasley. 

Ginnys got other brothers to set her an example, 
Mother, said Percy loftily. Im going up to change for 
dinner. ... 

He disappeared and George heaved a sigh. 

We tried to shut him in a pyramid, he told Harry. 
But Mum spotted us. 

Dinner that night was a very enjoyable affair. Tom the 
innkeeper put three tables together in the parlor, and 
the seven Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione ate their 
way through five delicious courses. 

Howre we getting to Kings Cross tomorrow, Dad? 
asked Fred as they dug into a sumptuous chocolate 
pudding. 

The Ministrys providing a couple of cars, said Mr. 
Weasley. 

Everyone looked up at him. 

Why? said Percy curiously. 

  69 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Its because of you, Perce, said George seriously. 
And therell be little flags on the hoods, with HB on 
them   

  for Humongous Bighead, said Fred. 

Everyone except Percy and Mrs. Weasley snorted into 
their pudding. 

Why are the Ministry providing cars, Father? Percy 
asked again, in a dignified voice. 

Well, as we havent got one anymore, said Mr. 
Weasley,   and as I work there, theyre doing me a 
favor   

His voice was casual, but Harry couldnt help noticing 
that Mr. Weasleys ears had gone red, just like Rons 
did when he was under pressure. 

Good thing, too, said Mrs. Weasley briskly. Do you 
realize how much luggage youve all got between you? 
A nice sight youd be on the Muggle Underground. ... 
You are all packed, arent you? 

Ron hasnt put all his new things in his trunk yet, 
said Percy, in a longsuffering voice. Hes dumped 
them on my bed. 

Youd better go and pack properly, Ron, because we 
wont have much time in the morning, Mrs. Weasley 
called down the table. Ron scowled at Percy. 

After dinner everyone felt very full and sleepy. One by 
one they made their way upstairs to their rooms to 
check their things for the next day. Ron and Percy 
were next door to Harry. He had just closed and 
locked his own trunk when he heard angry voices 
through the wall, and went to see what was going on. 
  70 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The door of number twelve was ajar and Percy was 
shouting. 

It was here, on the bedside table, I took it off for 
polishing   

I havent touched it, all right? Ron roared back. 
Whats up? said Harry. 

My Head Boy badge is gone, said Percy, rounding on 
Harry. 

Sos Scabberss rat tonic, said Ron, throwing things 
out of his trunk to look. I think I mightve left it in 
the bar   

Youre not going anywhere till youve found my 
badge! yelled Percy. 

Ill get Scabberss stuff, Im packed, Harry said to 
Ron, and he went downstairs. 

Harry was halfway along the passage to the bar, 
which was now very dark, when he heard another 
pair of angry voices coming from the parlor. A second 
later, he recognized them as Mr. and Mrs. Weasleys. 
He hesitated, not wanting them to know hed heard 
them arguing, when the sound of his own name made 
him stop, then move closer to the parlor door. 

... makes no sense not to tell him, Mr. Weasley was 
saying heatedly. Harrys got a right to know. Ive tried 
to tell Fudge, but he insists on treating Harry like a 
child. Hes thirteen years old and   

Arthur, the truth would terrify him! said Mrs. 
Weasley shrilly. Do you really want to send Harry 



  71 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




back to school with that hanging over him? For 
heavens sake, hes happy not knowing! 

I dont want to make him miserable, I want to put 
him on his guard! retorted Mr. Weasley. You know 
what Harry and Ron are like, wandering off by 
themselves  theyve even ended up in the Forbidden 
Forest! But Harry mustnt do that this year! When I 
think what could have happened to him that night he 
ran away from home! If the Knight Bus hadnt picked 
him up, Im prepared to bet he would have been dead 
before the Ministry found him. 

But hes not dead, hes fine, so whats the point   

Molly, they say Sirius Blacks mad, and maybe he is, 
but he was clever enough to escape from Azkaban, 
and thats supposed to be impossible. Its been a 
month, and no ones seen hide nor hair of him, and I 
dont care what Fudge keeps telling the Daily Prophet, 
were no nearer catching Black than inventing self 
spelling wands. The only thing we know for sure is 
what Blacks after   

But Harry will be perfectly safe at Hogwarts. 

We thought Azkaban was perfectly safe. If Black can 
break out of Azkaban, he can break into Hogwarts. 

But no ones really sure that Blacks after Harry   

There was a thud on wood, and Harry was sure Mr. 
Weasley had banged his fist on the table. 

Molly, how many times do I have to tell you? They 
didnt report it in the press because Fudge wanted it 
kept quiet, but Fudge went out to Azkaban the night 
Black escaped. The guards told Fudge that Blacks 
been talking in his sleep for a while now. Always the 
  72 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




same words: Hes at Hogwarts ... hes at Hogwarts. 
Black is deranged, Molly, and he wants Harry dead. If 
you ask me, he thinks murdering Harry will bring 
YouKnowWho back to power. Black lost everything 
the night Harry stopped YouKnowWho, and hes had 
twelve years alone in Azkaban to brood on that. ... 

There was a silence. Harry leaned still closer to the 
door, desperate to hear more. 

Well, Arthur, you must do what you think is right. 
But youre forgetting Albus Dumbledore. I dont think 
anything could hurt Harry at Hogwarts while 
Dumbledore s headmaster. I suppose he knows about 
all this? 

Of course he knows. We had to ask him if he minds 
the Azkaban guards stationing themselves around the 
entrances to the school grounds. He wasnt happy 
about it, but he agreed. 

Not happy? Why shouldnt he be happy, if theyre 
there to catch Black? 

Dumbledore isnt fond of the Azkaban guards, said 
Mr. Weasley heavily. Nor am I, if it comes to that ... 
but when youre dealing with a wizard like Black, you 
sometimes have to join forces with those youd rather 
avoid. 

If they save Harry   

  then I will never say another word against them, 
said Mr. Weasley wearily. Its late, Molly, wed better 
go up. ... 

Harry heard chairs move. As quietly as he could, he 
hurried down the passage to the bar and out of sight. 
The parlor door opened, and a few seconds later 

  73 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




footsteps told him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were 
climbing the stairs. 



The bottle of rat tonic was lying under the table they 
had sat at earlier. Harry waited until he heard Mr. 
and Mrs. Weasleys bedroom door close, then headed 
back upstairs with the bottle. 

Fred and George were crouching in the shadows on 
the landing, heaving with laughter as they listened to 
Percy dismantling his and Rons room in search of his 
badge. 

Weve got it, Fred whispered to Harry. Weve been 
improving it. 

The badge now read BigheacL Boy. 

Harry forced a laugh, went to give Ron the rat tonic, 
then shut himself in his room and lay down on his 
bed. 

So Sirius Black was after him. This explained 
everything. Fudge had been lenient with him because 
he was so relieved to find him alive. Hed made Harry 
promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there were 
plenty of wizards to keep an eye on him. And he was 
sending two Ministry cars to take them all to the 
station tomorrow, so that the Weasleys could look 
after Harry until he was on the train. 

Harry lay listening to the muffled shouting next door 
and wondered why he didnt feel more scared. Sirius 
Black had murdered thirteen people with one curse; 
Mr. and Mrs. Weasley obviously thought Harry would 
be panicstricken if he knew the truth. But Harry 
happened to agree wholeheartedly with Mrs. Weasley 
that the safest place on earth was wherever Albus 
Dumbledore happened to be. Didnt people always say 
  74 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




that Dumbledore was the only person Lord Voldemort 
had ever been afraid of? Surely Black, as Voldemorts 
righthand man, would be just as frightened of him? 

And then there were these Azkaban guards everyone 
kept talking about. They seemed to scare most people 
senseless, and if they were stationed all around the 
school, Blacks chances of getting inside seemed very 
remote. 

No, all in all, the thing that bothered Harry most was 
the fact that his chances of visiting Hogsmeade now 
looked like zero. Nobody would want Harry to leave 
the safety of the castle until Black was caught; in 
fact, Harry suspected his every move would be 
carefully watched until the danger had passed. 

He scowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think he 
couldnt look after himself? Hed escaped Lord 
Voldemort three times; he wasnt completely useless. 



Unbidden, the image of the beast in the shadows of 
Magnolia Crescent crossed his mind. What to do when 
you know the worst is coming. . . . 

Im not going to be murdered, Harry said out loud. 

Thats the spirit, dear, said his mirror sleepily. 



  75 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




5 




THE DEMENTOR 

Tom woke Harry the next morning with his usual 
toothless grin and a cup of tea. Harry got dressed and 
was just persuading a disgruntled Hedwig to get back 
into her cage when Ron banged his way into the 
room, pulling a sweatshirt over his head and looking 
irritable. 

The sooner we get on the train, the better, he said. 
At least I can get away from Percy at Hogwarts. Now 
hes accusing me of dripping tea on his photo of 
Penelope Clearwater. You know, Ron grimaced, his 
girlfriend. Shes hidden her face under the frame 
because her nose has gone all blotchy. ... 

Ive got something to tell you, Harry began, but they 
were interrupted by Fred and George, who had looked 
in to congratulate Ron on infuriating Percy again. 

They headed down to breakfast, where Mr. Weasley 
was reading the front  of the Daily Prophet with a 
furrowed brow and Mrs. Weasley was telling 

  76 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Hermione and Ginny about a love potion shed made 
as a young girl. All three of them were rather giggly. 

What were you saying? Ron asked Harry as they sat 
down. 

Later, Harry muttered as Percy stormed in. 

Harry had no chance to speak to Ron or Hermione in 
the chaos of leaving; they were too busy heaving all 
their trunks down the Leaky Cauldrons narrow 
staircase and piling them up near the door, with 
Hedwig and Hermes, Percys screech owl, perched on 
top in their cages. A small wickerwork basket stood 
beside the heap of trunks, spitting loudly. 

Its all right, Crookshanks, Hermione cooed through 
the wickerwork. Ill let you out on the train. 

You wont, snapped Ron. What about poor 
Scabbers, eh? 

He pointed at his chest, where a large lump indicated 
that Scabbers was curled up in his pocket. 

Mr. Weasley, who had been outside waiting for the 
Ministry cars, stuck his head inside. 

Theyre here, he said. Harry, come on. 

Mr. Weasley marched Harry across the short stretch 
of pavement toward the first of two oldfashioned dark 
green cars, each of which was driven by a furtive 
looking wizard wearing a suit of emerald velvet. 

In you get, Harry, said Mr. Weasley, glancing up and 
down the crowded street. 



  77 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry got into the back of the car and was shortly 
joined by Hermione, Ron, and, to Rons disgust, 

Percy. 

The journey to Kings Cross was very uneventful 
compared with Harrys trip on the Knight Bus. The 
Ministry of Magic cars seemed almost ordinary, 
though Harry noticed that they could slide through 
gaps that Uncle Vernons new company car certainly 
couldnt have managed. They reached Kings Cross 
with twenty minutes to spare; the Ministry drivers 
found them trolleys, unloaded their trunks, touched 
their hats in salute to Mr. Weasley, and drove away, 
somehow managing to jump to the head of an 
unmoving line at the traffic lights. 

Mr. Weasley kept close to Harrys elbow all the way 
into the station. 

Right then, he said, glancing around them. Lets do 
this in pairs, as there are so many of us. Ill go 
through first with Harry. 

Mr. Weasley strolled toward the barrier between 
platforms nine and ten, pushing Harrys trolley and 
apparently very interested in the Intercity 125 that 
had just arrived at platform nine. With a meaningful 
look at Harry, he leaned casually against the barrier. 
Harry imitated him. 

In a moment, they had fallen sideways through the 
solid metal onto platform nine and threequarters and 
looked up to see the Hogwarts Express, a scarlet 
steam engine, puffing smoke over a platform packed 
with witches and wizards seeing their children onto 
the train. 



  78 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Percy and Ginny suddenly appeared behind Harry. 
They were panting and had apparently taken the 
barrier at a run. 

Ah, theres Penelope! said Percy, smoothing his hair 
and going pink again. Ginny caught Harrys eye, and 
they both turned away to hide their laughter as Percy 
strode over to a girl with long, curly hair, walking with 
his chest thrown out so that she couldnt miss his 
shiny badge. 

Once the remaining Weasleys and Hermione had 
joined them, Harry and Ron led the way to the end of 
the train, past packed compartments, to a carriage 
that looked quite empty. They loaded the trunks onto 
it, stowed Hedwig and Crookshanks in the luggage 
rack, then went back outside to say goodbye to Mr. 
and Mrs. Weasley. 

Mrs. Weasley kissed all her children, then Hermione, 
and finally, Harry. He was embarrassed, but really 
quite pleased, when she gave him an extra hug. 

Do take care, wont you, Harry? she said as she 
straightened up, her eyes oddly bright. Then she 
opened her enormous handbag and said, Ive made 
you all sandwiches. ... Here you are, Ron ... no, 
theyre not corned beef. ... Fred? Wheres Fred? Here 
you are, dear. ... 

Harry, said Mr. Weasley quietly, come over here a 
moment. 

He jerked his head toward a pillar, and Harry followed 
him behind it, leaving the others crowded around 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Theres something Ive got to tell you before you leave 
  said Mr. Weasley, in a tense voice. 

  79 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Its all right, Mr. Weasley, said Harry. I already 
know. 

You know? How could you know? 

I  er  I heard you and Mrs. Weasley talking last 
night. I couldnt help hearing, Harry added quickly. 
Sorry   

Thats not the way Id have chosen for you to find 
out, said Mr. Weasley, looking anxious. 

No  honestly, its okay. This way, you havent 
broken your word to Fudge and I know whats going 
on. 

Harry, you must be very scared   

Im not, said Harry sincerely. Really he added, 
because Mr. Weasley was looking disbelieving. Im 
not trying to be a hero, but seriously, Sirius Black 
cant be worse than Voldemort, can he? 

Mr. Weasley flinched at the sound of the name but 
overlooked it. 

Harry, I knew you were, well, made of stronger stuff 
than Fudge seems to think, and Im obviously pleased 
that youre not scared, but   

Arthur! called Mrs. Weasley, who was now 
shepherding the rest onto the train. Arthur, what are 
you doing? Its about to go! 

Hes coming, Molly! said Mr. Weasley but he turned 
back to Harry and kept talking in a lower and more 
hurried voice. Listen, I want you to give me your 
word   



  80 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




  that Ill be a good boy and stay in the castle? said 
Harry gloomily. 

Not entirely, said Mr. Weasley, who looked more 
serious than Harry had ever seen him. Harry, swear 
to me you wont go looking for Black. 

Harry stared. What? 

There was a loud whistle. Guards were walking along 
the train, slamming all the doors shut. 

Promise me, Harry, said Mr. Weasley, talking more 
quickly still, that whatever happens   

Why would I go looking for someone I know wants to 
kill me? said Harry blankly. 

Swear to me that whatever you might hear   

Arthur, quickly! cried Mrs. Weasley. 

Steam was billowing from the train; it had started to 
move. Harry ran to the compartment door and Ron 
threw it open and stood back to let him on. They 
leaned out of the window and waved at Mr. and Mrs. 
Weasley until the train turned a corner and blocked 
them from view. 

I need to talk to you in private, Harry muttered to 
Ron and Hermione as the train picked up speed. 

Go away, Ginny, said Ron. 

Oh, thats nice, said Ginny huffily, and she stalked 
off. 



  81 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off down the corridor, 
looking for an empty compartment, but all were full 
except for the one at the very end of the train. 

This had only one occupant, a man sitting fast asleep 
next to the window. Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
checked on the threshold. The Hogwarts Express was 
usually reserved for students and they had never seen 
an adult there before, except for the witch who 
pushed the food cart. 

The stranger was wearing an extremely shabby set of 
wizards robes that had been darned in several places. 
He looked ill and exhausted. Though quite young, his 
light brown hair was flecked with gray. 

Who dyou reckon he is? Ron hissed as they sat 
down and slid the door shut, taking the seats farthest 
away from the window. 

Professor R. J. Lupin, whispered Hermione at once. 
How dyou know that? 

Its on his case, she replied, pointing at the luggage 
rack over the mans head, where there was a small, 
battered case held together with a large quantity of 
neatly knotted string. The name Professor R. J. Lupin 
was stamped across one corner in peeling letters. 

Wonder what he teaches? said Ron, frowning at 
Professor Lupins pallid profile. 

Thats obvious, whispered Hermione. Theres only 
one vacancy, isnt there? Defense Against the Dark 
Arts. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione had already had two 
Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, both of 

  82 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




whom had lasted only one year. There were rumors 
that the job was jinxed. 

Well, I hope hes up to it, said Ron doubtfully. He 
looks like one good hex would finish him off, doesnt 
he? Anyway ... He turned to Harry. What were you 
going to tell us? 

Harry explained all about Mr. and Mrs. Weasleys 
argument and the warning Mr. Weasley had just 
given him. When hed finished, Ron looked 
thunderstruck, and Hermione had her hands over her 
mouth. She finally lowered them to say, Sirius Black 
escaped to come after you? Oh, Harry ... youll have to 
be really, really careful. Dont go looking for trouble, 
Harry   

I dont go looking for trouble, said Harry, nettled. 
Trouble usually finds me. 

How thick would Harry have to be, to go looking for a 
nutter who wants to kill him? said Ron shakily. 

They were taking the news worse than Harry had 
expected. Both Ron and Hermione seemed to be much 
more frightened of Black than he was. 

No one knows how he got out of Azkaban, said Ron 
uncomfortably. No ones ever done it before. And he 
was a topsecurity prisoner too. 

But theyll catch him, wont they? said Hermione 
earnestly. I mean, theyve got all the Muggles looking 
out for him too. ... 

Whats that noise? said Ron suddenly. 

A faint, tinny sort of whistle was coming from 
somewhere. They looked all around the compartment. 

  83 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Its coming from your trunk, Harry, said Ron, 
standing up and reaching into the luggage rack. A 
moment later he had pulled the Pocket Sneakoscope 
out from between Harrys robes. It was spinning very 
fast in the palm of Rons hand and glowing brilliantly. 

Is that a Sneakoscope? said Hermione interestedly, 
standing up for a better look. 

Yeah ... mind you, its a very cheap one, Ron said. 

It went haywire just as I was tying it to Errols leg to 
send it to Harry. 

Were you doing anything untrustworthy at the time? 
said Hermione shrewdly. 

No! Well ... I wasnt supposed to be using Errol. You 
know hes not really up to long journeys ... but how 
else was I supposed to get Harrys present to him? 

Stick it back in the trunk, Harry advised as the 
Sneakoscope whistled piercingly, or itll wake him 
up. 

He nodded toward Professor Lupin. Ron stuffed the 
Sneakoscope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle 
Vernons old socks, which deadened the sound, then 
closed the lid of the trunk on it. 

We could get it checked in Hogsmeade, said Ron, 
sitting back down. They sell that sort of thing in 
Dervish and Banges, magical instruments and stuff. 
Fred and George told me. 

Do you know much about Hogsmeade? asked 
Hermione keenly. Ive read its the only entirely non 
Muggle settlement in Britain   



  84 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Yeah, I think it is, said Ron in an offhand sort of 
way, but thats not why I want to go. I just want to 
get inside Honeydukes! 

Whats that? said Hermione. 

Its this sweetshop, said Ron, a dreamy look coming 
over his face, where theyve got everything. ... Pepper 
Imps  they make you smoke at the mouth  and 
great fat Chocoballs full of strawberry mousse and 
clotted cream, and really excellent sugar quills, which 
you can suck in class and just look like youre 
thinking what to write next   

But Hogsmeades a very interesting place, isnt it? 
Hermione pressed on eagerly. In Sites of Historical 
Sorcery it says the inn was the headquarters for the 
1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shacks 
supposed to be the most severely haunted building in 
Britain   

  and massive sherbet balls that make you levitate a 
few inches off the ground while youre sucking them, 
said Ron, who was plainly not listening to a word 
Hermione was saying. 

Hermione looked around at Harry. 

Wont it be nice to get out of school for a bit and 
explore Hogsmeade? 

 Spect it will, said Harry heavily. Youll have to tell 
me when youve found out. 

What dyou mean? said Ron. 

I cant go. The Dursleys didnt sign my permission 
form, and Fudge wouldnt either. 



  85 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron looked horrified. 



Youre not allowed to come? But  no way  
McGonagall or someone will give you permission   

Harry gave a hollow laugh. Professor McGonagall, 
head of Gryffindor House, was very strict. 

  or we can ask Fred and George, they know every 
secret passage out of the castle   

Ron! said Hermione sharply. I dont think Harry 
should be sneaking out of school with Black on the 
loose   

Yeah, I expect thats what McGonagall will say when 
I ask for permission, said Harry bitterly. 

But if were with him, said Ron spiritedly to 
Hermione, Black wouldnt dare   

Oh, Ron, dont talk rubbish, snapped Hermione. 
Blacks already murdered a whole bunch of people in 
the middle of a crowded street. Do you really think 
hes going to worry about attacking Harry just 
because were there? 

She was fumbling with the straps of Crookshankss 
basket as she spoke. 

Dont let that thing out! Ron said, but too late; 
Crookshanks leapt lightly from the basket, stretched, 
yawned, and sprang onto Rons knees; the lump in 
Rons pocket trembled and he shoved Crookshanks 
angrily away. 

Get out of here! 

Ron, dont! said Hermione angrily. 

  86 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron was about to answer back when Professor Lupin 
stirred. They watched him apprehensively, but he 
simply turned his head the other way, mouth slightly 
open, and slept on. 

The Hogwarts Express moved steadily north and the 
scenery outside the window became wilder and darker 
while the clouds overhead thickened. People were 
chasing backward and forward past the door of their 
compartment. Crookshanks had now settled in an 
empty seat, his squashed face turned toward Ron, his 
yellow eyes on Rons top pocket. 

At one oclock, the plump witch with the food cart 
arrived at the compartment door. 

Dyou think we should wake him up? Ron asked 
awkwardly, nodding toward Professor Lupin. He 
looks like he could do with some food. 

Hermione approached Professor Lupin cautiously. 

Er  Professor? she said. Excuse me  Professor? 

He didnt move. 

Dont worry, dear, said the witch as she handed 
Harry a large stack of Cauldron Cakes. If hes hungry 
when he wakes, Ill be up front with the driver. 

I suppose he is asleep? said Ron quietly as the witch 
slid the compartment door closed. I mean  he 
hasnt died, has he? 

No, no, hes breathing, whispered Hermione, taking 
the Cauldron Cake Harry passed her. 

He might not be very good company, but Professor 
Lupins presence in their compartment had its uses. 

  87 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Midafternoon, just as it had started to rain, blurring 
the rolling hills outside the window, they heard 
footsteps in the corridor again, and their three least 
favorite people appeared at the door: Draco Malfoy, 
flanked by his cronies, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory 
Goyle. 

Draco Malfoy and Harry had been enemies ever since 
they had met on their very first train journey to 
Hogwarts. Malfoy, who had a pale, pointed, sneering 
face, was in Slytherin House; he played Seeker on the 
Slytherin Quidditch team, the same position that 
Harry played on the Gryffindor team. Crabbe and 
Goyle seemed to exist to do Malfoys bidding. They 
were both wide and musclely; Crabbe was taller, with 
a puddingbowl haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle 
had short, bristly hair and long, gorillaish arms. 

Well, look who it is, said Malfoy in his usual lazy 
drawl, pulling open the compartment door. Potty and 
the Weasel. 

Crabbe and Goyle chuckled trollishly. 

I heard your father finally got his hands on some 
gold this summer, Weasley, said Malfoy. Did your 
mother die of shock? 

Ron stood up so quickly he knocked Crookshankss 
basket to the floor. Professor Lupin gave a snort. 

Whos that? said Malfoy, taking an automatic step 
backward as he spotted Lupin. 

New teacher, said Harry, who got to his feet, too, in 
case he needed to hold Ron back. What were you 
saying, Malfoy? 



  88 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Malfoys pale eyes narrowed; he wasnt fool enough to 
pick a fight right under a teachers nose. 

Cmon, he muttered resentfully to Crabbe and 
Goyle, and they disappeared. 

Harry and Ron sat down again, Ron massaging his 
knuckles. 

Im not going to take any crap from Malfoy this year, 
he said angrily. I mean it. If he makes one more 
crack about my family, Im going to get hold of his 
head and   

Ron made a violent gesture in midair. 

Ron, hissed Hermione, pointing at Professor Lupin, 
be careful ... 

But Professor Lupin was still fast asleep. 

The rain thickened as the train sped yet farther north; 
the windows were now a solid, shimmering gray, 
which gradually darkened until lanterns flickered into 
life all along the corridors and over the luggage racks. 
The train rattled, the rain hammered, the wind 
roared, but still, Professor Lupin slept. 

We must be nearly there, said Ron, leaning forward 
to look past Professor Lupin at the now completely 
black window. 

The words had hardly left him when the train started 
to slow down. 

Great, said Ron, getting up and walking carefully 
past Professor Lupin to try and see outside. Im 
starving. I want to get to the feast. ... 



  89 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




We cant be there yet, said Hermione, checking her 
watch. 

So whyre we stopping? 

The train was getting slower and slower. As the noise 
of the pistons fell away, the wind and rain sounded 
louder than ever against the windows. 

Harry, who was nearest the door, got up to look into 
the corridor. All along the carriage, heads were 
sticking curiously out of their compartments. 

The train came to a stop with a jolt, and distant thuds 
and bangs told them that luggage had fallen out of 
the racks. Then, without warning, all the lamps went 
out and they were plunged into total darkness. 

Whats going on? said Rons voice from behind 
Harry. 

Ouch! gasped Hermione. Ron, that was my foot! 
Harry felt his way back to his seat. 

Dyou think weve broken down? 

Dunno ... 

There was a squeaking sound, and Harry saw the dim 
black outline of Ron, wiping a patch clean on the 
window and peering out. 

Theres something moving out there, Ron said. I 
think people are coming aboard. ... 

The compartment door suddenly opened and someone 
fell painfully over Harrys legs. 



  90 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Sorry  dyou know whats going on?  Ouch  
sorry   

Hullo, Neville, said Harry, feeling around in the dark 
and pulling Neville up by his cloak. 

Harry? Is that you? Whats happening? 

No idea  sit down   

There was a loud hissing and a yelp of pain; Neville 
had tried to sit on Crookshanks. 

Im going to go and ask the driver whats going on, 
came Hermiones voice. Harry felt her pass him, heard 
the door slide open again, and then a thud and two 
loud squeals of pain. 

Whos that? 

Whos that? 

Ginny? 

Hermione? 

What are you doing? 

I was looking for Ron   

Come in and sit down   

Not here! said Harry hurriedly. Im here! 

Ouch! said Neville. 

Quiet! said a hoarse voice suddenly. 



  91 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Professor Lupin appeared to have woken up at last. 
Harry could hear movements in his corner. None of 
them spoke. 

There was a soft, crackling noise, and a shivering 
light filled the compartment. Professor Lupin 
appeared to be holding a handful of flames. They 
illuminated his tired, gray face, but his eyes looked 
alert and wary. 

Stay where you are, he said in the same hoarse 
voice, and he got slowly to his feet with his handful of 
fire held out in front of him. 

But the door slid slowly open before Lupin could 
reach it. 

Standing in the doorway, illuminated by the shivering 
flames in Lupins hand, was a cloaked figure that 
towered to the ceiling. Its face was completely hidden 
beneath its hood. Harrys eyes darted downward, and 
what he saw made his stomach contract. There was a 
hand protruding from the cloak and it was glistening, 
grayish, slimylooking, and scabbed, like something 
dead that had decayed in water. . . . 

But it was visible only for a split second. As though 
the creature beneath the cloak sensed Harrys gaze, 
the hand was suddenly withdrawn into the folds of its 
black cloak. 

And then the thing beneath the hood, whatever it 
was, drew a long, slow, rattling breath, as though it 
were trying to suck something more than air from its 
surroundings. 

An intense cold swept over them all. Harry felt his 
own breath catch in his chest. The cold went deeper 



  92 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




than his skin. It was inside his chest, it was inside 
his very heart. ... 



Harrys eyes rolled up into his head. He couldnt see. 
He was drowning in cold. There was a rushing in his 
ears as though of water. He was being dragged 
downward, the roaring growing louder . . . 

And then, from far away, he heard screaming, 
terrible, terrified, pleading screams. He wanted to 
help whoever it was, he tried to move his arms, but 
couldnt ... a thick white fog was swirling around him, 
inside him  

Harry! Harry! Are you all right? 

Someone was slapping his face. 

W  what? 

Harry opened his eyes; there were lanterns above 
him, and the floor was shaking  the Hogwarts 
Express was moving again and the lights had come 
back on. He seemed to have slid out of his seat onto 
the floor. Ron and Hermione were kneeling next to 
him, and above them he could see Neville and 
Professor Lupin watching. Harry felt very sick; when 
he put up his hand to push his glasses back on, he 
felt cold sweat on his face. 

Ron and Hermione heaved him back onto his seat. 

Are you okay? Ron asked nervously. 

Yeah, said Harry, looking quickly toward the door. 
The hooded creature had vanished. What happened? 
Wheres that  that thing? Who screamed? 

No one screamed, said Ron, more nervously still. 

  93 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry looked around the bright compartment. Ginny 
and Neville looked back at him, both very pale. 

But I heard screaming   

A loud snap made them all jump. Professor Lupin was 
breaking an enormous slab of chocolate into pieces. 

Here, he said to Harry, handing him a particularly 
large piece. Eat it. Itll help. 

Harry took the chocolate but didnt eat it. 

What was that thing? he asked Lupin. 

A dementor, said Lupin, who was now giving 
chocolate to everyone else. One of the dementors of 
Azkaban. 

Everyone stared at him. Professor Lupin crumpled up 
the empty chocolate wrapper and put it in his pocket. 

Eat, he repeated. Itll help. I need to speak to the 
driver, excuse me ... 

He strolled past Harry and disappeared into the 
corridor. 

Are you sure youre okay, Harry? said Hermione, 
watching Harry anxiously. 

I dont get it. ... What happened? said Harry, wiping 
more sweat off his face. 

Well  that thing  the dementor  stood there and 
looked around (I mean, I think it did, I couldnt see its 
face)  and you  you   



  94 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I thought you were having a fit or something, said 
Ron, who still looked scared. You went sort of rigid 
and fell out of your seat and started twitching   

And Professor Lupin stepped over you, and walked 
toward the dementor, and pulled out his wand, said 
Hermione, and he said, None of us is hiding Sirius 
Black under our cloaks. Go. But the dementor didnt 
move, so Lupin muttered something, and a silvery 
thing shot out of his wand at it, and it turned around 
and sort of glided away. ... 

It was horrible, said Neville, in a higher voice than 
usual. Did you feel how cold it got when it came in? 

I felt weird, said Ron, shifting his shoulders 
uncomfortably. Like Id never be cheerful again. ... 

Ginny, who was huddled in her corner looking nearly 
as bad as Harry felt, gave a small sob; Hermione went 
over and put a comforting arm around her. 

But didnt any of you  fall off your seats? said 
Harry awkwardly. 

No, said Ron, looking anxiously at Harry again. 
Ginny was shaking like mad, though. ... 

Harry didnt understand. He felt weak and shivery, as 
though he were recovering from a bad bout of flu; he 
also felt the beginnings of shame. Why had he gone to 
pieces like that, when no one else had? 

Professor Lupin had come back. He paused as he 
entered, looked around, and said, with a small smile, 
I havent poisoned that chocolate, you know. ... 



  95 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry took a bite and to his great surprise felt 
warmth spread suddenly to the tips of his fingers and 
toes. 

Well be at Hogwarts in ten minutes, said Professor 
Lupin. Are you all right, Harry? 

Harry didnt ask how Professor Lupin knew his name. 

Fine, he muttered, embarrassed. 

They didnt talk much during the remainder of the 
journey. At long last, the train stopped at Hogsmeade 
station, and there was a great scramble to get 
outside; owls hooted, cats meowed, and Nevilles pet 
toad croaked loudly from under his hat. It was 
freezing on the tiny platform; rain was driving down 
in icy sheets. 

Firs years this way! called a familiar voice. Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione turned and saw the gigantic 
outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform, 
beckoning the terrifiedlooking new students forward 
for their traditional journey across the lake. 

All righ, you three? Hagrid yelled over the heads of 
the crowd. They waved at him, but had no chance to 
speak to him because the mass of people around 
them was shunting them away along the platform. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the 
school along the platform and out onto a rough mud 
track, where at least a hundred stagecoaches awaited 
the remaining students, each pulled, Harry could only 
assume, by an invisible horse, because when they 
climbed inside and shut the door, the coach set off all 
by itself, bumping and swaying in procession. 

The coach smelled faintly of mold and straw. Harry 
felt better since the chocolate, but still weak. Ron and 

  96 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione kept looking at him sideways, as though 
frightened he might collapse again. 

As the carriage trundled toward a pair of magnificent 
wrought iron gates, flanked with stone columns 
topped with winged boars, Harry saw two more 
towering, hooded dementors, standing guard on 
either side. A wave of cold sickness threatened to 
engulf him again; he leaned back into the lumpy seat 
and closed his eyes until they had passed the gates. 
The carriage picked up speed on the long, sloping 
drive up to the castle; Hermione was leaning out of 
the tiny window, watching the many turrets and 
towers draw nearer. At last, the carriage swayed to a 
halt, and Hermione and Ron got out. 

As Harry stepped down, a drawling, delighted voice 
sounded in his ear. 

You fainted, Potter? Is Longbottom telling the truth? 
You actually fainted? 

Malfoy elbowed past Hermione to block Harrys way 
up the stone steps to the castle, his face gleeful and 
his pale eyes glinting maliciously. 

Shove off, Malfoy, said Ron, whose jaw was 
clenched. 

Did you faint as well, Weasley? said Malfoy loudly. 
Did the scary old dementor frighten you too, 
Weasley? 

Is there a problem? said a mild voice. Professor 
Lupin had just gotten out of the next carriage. 

Malfoy gave Professor Lupin an insolent stare, which 
took in the patches on his robes and the delapidated 
suitcase. With a tiny hint of sarcasm in his voice, he 

  97 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




said, Oh, no  er  Professor, then he smirked at 
Crabbe and Goyle and led them up the steps into the 
castle. 

Hermione prodded Ron in the back to make him 
hurry, and the three of them joined the crowd 
swarming up the steps, through the giant oak front 
doors, into the cavernous entrance hall, which was lit 
with flaming torches, and housed a magnificent 
marble staircase that led to the upper floors. 

The door into the Great Hall stood open at the right; 
Harry followed the crowd toward it, but had barely 
glimpsed the enchanted ceiling, which was black and 
cloudy tonight, when a voice called, Potter! Granger! 

I want to see you both! 

Harry and Hermione turned around, surprised. 
Professor McGonagall, Transfiguration teacher and 
head of Gryffindor House, was calling over the heads 
of the crowd. She was a sternlooking witch who wore 
her hair in a tight bun; her sharp eyes were framed 
with square spectacles. Harry fought his way over to 
her with a feeling of foreboding: Professor McGonagall 
had a way of making him feel he must have done 
something wrong. 

Theres no need to look so worried  I just want a 
word in my office, she told them. Move along there, 
Weasley. 

Ron stared as Professor McGonagall ushered 
Harry and Hermione away from the chattering crowd; 
they accompanied her across the entrance hall, up 
the marble staircase, and along a corridor. 

Once they were in her office, a small room with a 
large, welcoming fire, Professor McGonagall motioned 
Harry and Hermione to sit down. She settled herself 

  98 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




behind her desk and said abruptly, Professor Lupin 
sent an owl ahead to say that you were taken ill on 
the train, Potter. 

Before Harry could reply, there was a soft knock on 
the door and Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, came 
bustling in. 

Harry felt himself going red in the face. It was bad 
enough that hed passed out, or whatever he had 
done, without everyone making all this fuss. 

Im fine, he said, I dont need anything   

Oh, its you, is it? said Madam Pomfrey, ignoring 
this and bending down to stare closely at him. I 
suppose youve been doing something dangerous 
again? 

It was a dementor, Poppy, said Professor 
McGonagall. 

They exchanged a dark look, and Madam Pomfrey 
clucked disapprovingly. 

Setting dementors around a school, she muttered, 
pushing back Harrys hair and feeling his forehead. 
He wont be the last one who collapses. Yes, hes all 
clammy. Terrible things, they are, and the effect they 
have on people who are already delicate   

Im not delicate! said Harry crossly. 

Of course youre not, said Madam Pomfrey 
absentmindedly, now taking his pulse. 

What does he need? said Professor McGonagall 
crisply. Bed rest? Should he perhaps spend tonight 
in the hospital wing? 

  99 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Tm /ine! said Harry, jumping up. The thought of 
what Draco Malfoy would say if he had to go to the 
hospital wing was torture. 

Well, he should have some chocolate, at the very 
least, said Madam Pomfrey, who was now trying to 
peer into Harrys eyes. 

Ive already had some, said Harry. Professor Lupin 
gave me some. He gave it to all of us. 

Did he, now? said Madam Pomfrey approvingly. So 
weve finally got a Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher who knows his remedies? 

Are you sure you feel all right, Potter? Professor 
McGonagall said sharply. 

Yes, said Harry. 

Very well. Kindly wait outside while I have a quick 
word with Miss Granger about her course schedule, 
then we can go down to the feast together. 

Harry went back into the corridor with Madam 
Pomfrey, who left for the hospital wing, muttering to 
herself. He had to wait only a few minutes; then 
Hermione emerged looking very happy about 
something, followed by Professor McGonagall, and the 
three of them made their way back down the marble 
staircase to the Great Hall. 

It was a sea of pointed black hats; each of the long 
House tables was lined with students, their faces 
glimmering by the light of thousands of candles, 
which were floating over the tables in midair. 

Professor Flitwick, who was a tiny little wizard with a 
shock of white hair, was carrying an ancient hat and 
a threelegged stool out of the hall. 

  100 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Oh, said Hermione softly, weve missed the 
Sorting! 

New students at Hogwarts were sorted into Houses by 
trying on the Sorting Hat, which shouted out the 
House they were best suited to (Gryffindor, 

Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin). Professor 
McGonagall strode off toward her empty seat at the 
staff table, and Harry and Hermione set off in the 
other direction, as quietly as possible, toward the 
Gryffindor table. People looked around at them as 
they passed along the back of the hall, and a few of 
them pointed at Harry. Had the story of his collapsing 
in front of the dementor traveled that fast? 

He and Hermione sat down on either side of Ron, who 
had saved them seats. 

What was all that about? he muttered to Harry. 

Harry started to explain in a whisper, but at that 
moment the headmaster stood up to speak, and he 
broke off. 

Professor Dumbledore, though very old, always gave 
an impression of great energy. He had several feet of 
long silver hair and beard, halfmoon spectacles, and 
an extremely crooked nose. He was often described as 
the greatest wizard of the age, but that wasnt why 
Harry respected him. You couldnt help trusting Albus 
Dumbledore, and as Harry watched him beaming 
around at the students, he felt really calm for the first 
time since the dementor had entered the train 
compartment. 

Welcome! said Dumbledore, the candlelight 
shimmering on his beard. Welcome to another year 
at Hogwarts! I have a few things to say to you all, and 
as one of them is very serious, I think it best to get it 

  101 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




out of the way before you become befuddled by our 
excellent feast. ... 

Dumbledore cleared his throat and continued, As 
you will all be aware after their search of the 
Hogwarts Express, our school is presently playing 
host to some of the dementors of Azkaban, who are 
here on Ministry of Magic business. 

He paused, and Harry remembered what Mr. Weasley 
had said about Dumbledore not being happy with the 
dementors guarding the school. 

They are stationed at every entrance to the grounds, 
Dumbledore continued, and while they are with us, I 
must make it plain that nobody is to leave school 
without permission. Dementors are not to be fooled 
by tricks or disguises  or even Invisibility Cloaks, 
he added blandly, and Harry and Ron glanced at each 
other. It is not in the nature of a dementor to 
understand pleading or excuses. I therefore warn 
each and every one of you to give them no reason to 
harm you. I look to the prefects, and our new Head 
Boy and Girl, to make sure that no student runs afoul 
of the dementors, he said. 

Percy, who was sitting a few seats down from Harry, 
puffed out his chest again and stared around 
impressively. Dumbledore paused again; he looked 
very seriously around the hall, and nobody moved or 
made a sound. 

On a happier note, he continued, I am pleased to 
welcome two new teachers to our ranks this year. 

First, Professor Lupin, who has kindly consented to 
fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. 



  102 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




There was some scattered, rather unenthusiastic 
applause. Only those who had been in the 
compartment on the train with Professor Lupin 
clapped hard, Harry among them. Professor Lupin 
looked particularly shabby next to all the other 
teachers in their best robes. 

Look at Snape! Ron hissed in Harrys ear. 

Professor Snape, the Potions master, was staring 
along the staff table at Professor Lupin. It was 
common knowledge that Snape wanted the Defense 
Against the Dark Arts job, but even Harry, who hated 
Snape, was startled at the expression twisting his 
thin, sallow face. It was beyond anger: it was loathing. 
Harry knew that expression only too well; it was the 
look Snape wore every time he set eyes on Harry. 

As to our second new appointment, Dumbledore 
continued as the lukewarm applause for Professor 
Lupin died away. Well, I am sorry to tell you that 
Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures 
teacher, retired at the end of last year in order to 
enjoy more time with his remaining limbs. However, I 
am delighted to say that his place will be filled by 
none other than Rubeus Hagrid, who has agreed to 
take on this teaching job in addition to his 
gamekeeping duties. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another, 
stunned. Then they joined in with the applause, 
which was tumultuous at the Gryffindor table in 
particular. Harry leaned forward to see Hagrid, who 
was rubyred in the face and staring down at his 
enormous hands, his wide grin hidden in the tangle of 
his black beard. 



  103 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




We shouldve known! Ron roared, pounding the 
table. Who else would have assigned us a biting 
book? 



Harry, Ron, and Hermione were the last to stop 
clapping, and as Professor Dumbledore started 
speaking again, they saw that Hagrid was wiping his 
eyes on the tablecloth. 

Well, I think thats everything of importance, said 
Dumbledore. Let the feast begin! 

The golden plates and goblets before them filled 
suddenly with food and drink. Harry, suddenly 
ravenous, helped himself to everything he could reach 
and began to eat. 

It was a delicious feast; the hall echoed with talk, 
laughter, and the clatter of knives and forks. Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione, however, were eager for it to 
finish so that they could talk to Hagrid. They knew 
how much being made a teacher would mean to him. 
Hagrid wasnt a fully qualified wizard; he had been 
expelled from Hogwarts in his third year for a crime 
he had not committed. It had been Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione who had cleared Hagrid s name last year. 

At long last, when the last morsels of pumpkin tart 
had melted from the golden platters, Dumbledore 
gave the word that it was time for them all to go to 
bed, and they got their chance. 

Congratulations, Hagrid! Hermione squealed as they 
reached the teachers table. 

All down ter you three, said Hagrid, wiping his 
shining face on his napkin as he looked up at them. 
Can believe it ... great man, Dumbledore ... came 
straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn 

  104 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




said hed had enough. ... Its what I always wanted. 



Overcome with emotion, he buried his face in his 
napkin, and Professor McGonagall shooed them away. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined the Gryffindors 
streaming up the marble staircase and, very tired 
now, along more corridors, up more and more stairs, 
to the hidden entrance to Gryffindor Tower. A large 
portrait of a fat lady in a pink dress asked them, 
Password? 

Coming through, coming through! Percy called from 
behind the crowd. The new passwords Fortuna 
Major! 

Oh no, said Neville Longbottom sadly. He always 
had trouble remembering the passwords. 

Through the portrait hole and across the common 
room, the girls and boys divided toward their separate 
staircases. Harry climbed the spiral stair with no 
thought in his head except how glad he was to be 
back. They reached their familiar, circular dormitory 
with its five fourposter beds, and Harry, looking 
around, felt he was home at last. 



  105 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   







TALONS AND TEA LEAVES 

When Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great 
Hall for breakfast the next day, the first thing they 
saw was Draco Malfoy, who seemed to be entertaining 
a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story. As 
they passed, Malfoy did a ridiculous impression of a 
swooning fit and there was a roar of laughter. 

Ignore him, said Hermione, who was right behind 
Harry. Just ignore him, its not worth it. ... 

Hey, Potter! shrieked Pansy Parkinson, a Slytherin 
girl with a face like a pug. Potter! The dementors are 
coming, Potter! Woooooooo! 

Harry dropped into a seat at the Gryffindor table, next 
to George Weasley. 

New thirdyear course schedules, said George, 
passing them over. Whats up with you, Harry? 

Malfoy, said Ron, sitting down on Georges other 
side and glaring over at the Slytherin table. 

  106 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



George looked up in time to see Malfoy pretending to 
faint with terror again. 

That little git, he said calmly. He wasnt so cocky 
last night when the dementors were down at our end 
of the train. Came running into our compartment, 
didnt he, Fred? 

Nearly wet himself, said Fred, with a contemptuous 
glance at Malfoy. 

I wasnt too happy myself, said George. Theyre 
horrible things, those dementors. ... 

Sort of freeze your insides, dont they? said Fred. 

You didnt pass out, though, did you? said Harry in 
a low voice. 

Forget it, Harry, said George bracingly. Dad had to 
go out to Azkaban one time, remember, Fred? And he 
said it was the worst place hed ever been, he came 
back all weak and shaking. . . . They suck the 
happiness out of a place, dementors. Most of the 
prisoners go mad in there. 

Anyway, well see how happy Malfoy looks after our 
first Quidditch match, said Fred. Gryffindor versus 
Slytherin, first game of the season, remember? 

The only time Harry and Malfoy had faced each other 
in a Quidditch match, Malfoy had definitely come off 
worse. Feeling slightly more cheerful, Harry helped 
himself to sausages and fried tomatoes. 

Hermione was examining her new schedule. 

Ooh, good, were starting some new subjects today, 
she said happily. 

  107 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione, said Ron, frowning as he looked over her 
shoulder, theyve messed up your schedule. Look  
theyve got you down for about ten subjects a day. 
There isnt enough time. 

Ill manage. Ive fixed it all with Professor 
McGonagall. 

But look, said Ron, laughing, see this morning? 
Nine oclock, Divination. And underneath, nine 
oclock, Muggle Studies. And  Ron leaned closer to 
the schedule, disbelieving   look  underneath 
that, Arithmancy, nine oclock. I mean, I know youre 
good, Hermione, but no ones that good. Howre you 
supposed to be in three classes at once? 

Dont be silly, said Hermione shortly. Of course I 
wont be in three classes at once. 

Well, then   

Pass the marmalade, said Hermione. 

But   

Oh, Ron, whats it to you if my schedules a bit full? 
Hermione snapped. I told you, Ive fixed it all with 
Professor McGonagall. 

Just then, Hagrid entered the Great Hall. He was 
wearing his long moleskin overcoat and was 
absentmindedly swinging a dead polecat from one 
enormous hand. 

All righ? he said eagerly, pausing on the way to the 
staff table. Yer in my firs ever lesson! Right after 
lunch! Bin up since five gettin everythin ready. ... 
Hope its okay. ... Me, a teacher ... honesly. ... 



  108 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He grinned broadly at them and headed off to the 
staff table, still swinging the polecat. 

Wonder what hes been getting ready? said Ron, a 
note of anxiety in his voice. 

The hall was starting to empty as people headed off 
toward their first lesson. Ron checked his course 
schedule. 

Wed better go, look, Divinations at the top of North 
Tower. Itll take us ten minutes to get there. ... 

They finished their breakfasts hastily, said goodbye 
to Fred and George, and walked back through the 
hall. As they passed the Slytherin table, Malfoy did 
yet another impression of a fainting fit. The shouts of 
laughter followed Harry into the entrance hall. 

The journey through the castle to North Tower was a 
long one. Two years at Hogwarts hadnt taught them 
everything about the castle, and they had never been 
inside North Tower before. 

Theres  got  to  be  a  shortcut, Ron 
panted as they climbed their seventh long staircase 
and emerged on an unfamiliar landing, where there 
was nothing but a large painting of a bare stretch of 
grass hanging on the stone wall. 

I think its this way, said Hermione, peering down 
the empty passage to the right. 

Cant be, said Ron. Thats south, look, you can see 
a bit of the lake out of the window ... 

Harry was watching the painting. A fat, dapplegray 
pony had just ambled onto the grass and was grazing 
nonchalantly. Harry was used to the subjects of 

  109 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hogwarts paintings moving around and leaving their 
frames to visit one another, but he always enjoyed 
watching it. A moment later, a short, squat knight in 
a suit of armor clanked into the picture after his 
pony. By the look of the grass stains on his metal 
knees, he had just fallen off. 

Aha! he yelled, seeing Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
What villains are these, that trespass upon my 
private lands! Come to scorn at my fall, perchance? 
Draw, you knaves, you dogs! 

They watched in astonishment as the little knight 
tugged his sword out of its scabbard and began 
brandishing it violently, hopping up and down in 
rage. But the sword was too long for him; a 
particularly wild swing made him overbalance, and he 
landed facedown in the grass. 

Are you all right? said Harry, moving closer to the 
picture. 

Get back, you scurvy braggart! Back, you rogue! 

The knight seized his sword again and used it to push 
himself back up, but the blade sank deeply into the 
grass and, though he pulled with all his might, he 
couldnt get it out again. Finally, he had to flop back 
down onto the grass and push up his visor to mop his 
sweating face. 

Listen, said Harry, taking advantage of the knights 
exhaustion, were looking for the North Tower. You 
dont know the way, do you? 

A quest! The knights rage seemed to vanish 
instantly. He clanked to his feet and shouted, Come 
follow me, dear friends, and we shall find our goal, or 
else shall perish bravely in the charge! 

  110 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He gave the sword another fruitless tug, tried and 
failed to mount the fat pony, gave up, and cried, On 
foot then, good sirs and gentle lady! On! On! 

And he ran, clanking loudly, into the left side of the 
frame and out of sight. 

They hurried after him along the corridor, following 
the sound of his armor. Every now and then they 
spotted him running through a picture ahead. 

Be of stout heart, the worst is yet to come! yelled the 
knight, and they saw him reappear in front of an 
alarmed group of women in crinolines, whose picture 
hung on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase. 

Puffing loudly, Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the 
tightly spiraling steps, getting dizzier and dizzier, 
until at last they heard the murmur of voices above 
them and knew they had reached the classroom. 

Farewell! cried the knight, popping his head into a 
painting of some sinisterlooking monks. Farewell, 
my comradesinarms! If ever you have need of noble 
heart and steely sinew, call upon Sir Cadogan! 

Yeah, well call you, muttered Ron as the knight 
disappeared, if we ever need someone mental. 

They climbed the last few steps and emerged onto a 
tiny landing, where most of the class was already 
assembled. There were no doors off this landing, but 
Ron nudged Harry and pointed at the ceiling, where 
there was a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on 
it. 

 Sibyll Trelawney, Divination teacher,  Harry read. 
Howre we supposed to get up there? 



  111 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




As though in answer to his question, the trapdoor 
suddenly opened, and a silvery ladder descended 
right at Harrys feet. Everyone got quiet. 

After you, said Ron, grinning, so Harry climbed the 
ladder first. 

He emerged into the strangestlooking classroom he 
had ever seen. In fact, it didnt look like a classroom 
at all, more like a cross between someones attic and 
an oldfashioned tea shop. At least twenty small, 
circular tables were crammed inside it, all 
surrounded by chintz armchairs and fat little poufs. 
Everything was lit with a dim, crimson light; the 
curtains at the windows were all closed, and the 
many lamps were draped with dark red scarves. It 
was stiflingly warm, and the fire that was burning 
under the crowded mantelpiece was giving off a 
heavy, sickly sort of perfume as it heated a large 
copper kettle. The shelves running around the 
circular walls were crammed with dustylooking 
feathers, stubs of candles, many packs of tattered 
playing cards, countless silvery crystal balls, and a 
huge array of teacups. 

Ron appeared at Harrys shoulder as the class 
assembled around them, all talking in whispers. 

Where is she? Ron said. 

A voice came suddenly out of the shadows, a soft, 
misty sort of voice. 

Welcome, it said. How nice to see you in the 
physical world at last. 

Harrys immediate impression was of a large, 
glittering insect. Professor Trelawney moved into the 
firelight, and they saw that she was very thin; her 

  112 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




large glasses magnified her eyes to several times their 
natural size, and she was draped in a gauzy spangled 
shawl. Innumerable chains and beads hung around 
her spindly neck, and her arms and hands were 
encrusted with bangles and rings. 

Sit, my children, sit, she said, and they all climbed 
awkwardly into armchairs or sank onto poufs. Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione sat themselves around the same 
round table. 

Welcome to Divination, said Professor Trelawney, 
who had seated herself in a winged armchair in front 
of the fire. My name is Professor Trelawney. You may 
not have seen me before. I find that descending too 
often into the hustle and bustle of the main school 
clouds my Inner Eye. 

Nobody said anything to this extraordinary 
pronouncement. Professor Trelawney delicately 
rearranged her shawl and continued, So you have 
chosen to study Divination, the most difficult of all 
magical arts. I must warn you at the outset that if 
you do not have the Sight, there is very little I will be 
able to teach you. Books can take you only so far in 
this field. ... 

At these words, both Harry and Ron glanced, 
grinning, at Hermione, who looked startled at the 
news that books wouldnt be much help in this 
subject. 

Many witches and wizards, talented though they are 
in the area of loud bangs and smells and sudden 
disappearings, are yet unable to penetrate the veiled 
mysteries of the future, Professor Trelawney went on, 
her enormous, gleaming eyes moving from face to 
nervous face. It is a Gift granted to few. You, boy, 



  113 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




she said suddenly to Neville, who almost toppled off 
his pouf. Is your grandmother well? 



I think so, said Neville tremulously. 

I wouldnt be so sure if I were you, dear, said 
Professor Trelawney, the firelight glinting on her long 
emerald earrings. Neville gulped. Professor Trelawney 
continued placidly. We will be covering the basic 
methods of Divination this year. The first term will be 
devoted to reading the tea leaves. Next term we shall 
progress to palmistry. By the way, my dear, she shot 
suddenly at Parvati Patil, beware a redhaired man. 

Parvati gave a startled look at Ron, who was right 
behind her, and edged her chair away from him. 

In the second term, Professor Trelawney went on, 

we shall progress to the crystal ball  if we have 
finished with fire omens, that is. Unfortunately, 
classes will be disrupted in February by a nasty bout 
of flu. I myself will lose my voice. And around Easter, 
one of our number will leave us forever. 

A very tense silence followed this pronouncement, but 
Professor Trelawney seemed unaware of it. 

I wonder, dear, she said to Lavender Brown, who 
was nearest and shrank back in her chair, if you 
could pass me the largest silver teapot? 

Lavender, looking relieved, stood up, took an 
enormous teapot from the shelf, and put it down on 
the table in front of Professor Trelawney. 

Thank you, my dear. Incidentally, that thing you are 
dreading  it will happen on Friday the sixteenth of 
October. 

  114 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Lavender trembled. 



Now, I want you all to divide into pairs. Collect a 
teacup from the shelf, come to me, and I will fill it. 
Then sit down and drink, drink until only the dregs 
remain. Swill these around the cup three times with 
the left hand, then turn the cup upside down on its 
saucer, wait for the last of the tea to drain away, then 
give your cup to your partner to read. You will 
interpret the patterns using s five and six of 
Unfogging the Future. I shall move among you, helping 
and instructing. Oh, and dear  she caught Neville 
by the arm as he made to stand up  after youve 
broken your first cup, would you be so kind as to 
select one of the blue patterned ones? Im rather 
attached to the pink. 

Sure enough, Neville had no sooner reached the shelf 
of teacups when there was a tinkle of breaking china. 
Professor Trelawney swept over to him holding a 
dustpan and brush and said, One of the blue ones, 
then, dear, if you wouldnt mind ... thank you. ... 

When Harry and Ron had had their teacups filled, 
they went back to their table and tried to drink the 
scalding tea quickly. They swilled the dregs around as 
Professor Trelawney had instructed, then drained the 
cups and swapped over. 

Right, said Ron as they both opened their books at 
s five and six. What can you see in mine? 

A load of soggy brown stuff, said Harry. The heavily 
perfumed smoke in the room was making him feel 
sleepy and stupid. 

Broaden your minds, my dears, and allow your eyes 
to see past the mundane! Professor Trelawney cried 
through the gloom. 

  115 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry tried to pull himself together. 

Right, youve got a crooked sort of cross ... He 
consulted Unfogging the Future. That means youre 
going to have trials and suffering  sorry about that 
 but theres a thing that could be the sun ... hang 
on ... that means great happiness ... so youre going 
to suffer but be very happy. ... 

You need your Inner Eye tested, if you ask me, said 
Ron, and they both had to stifle their laughs as 
Professor Trelawney gazed in their direction. 

My turn ... Ron peered into Harrys teacup, his 
forehead wrinkled with effort. Theres a blob a bit like 
a bowler hat, he said. Maybe youre going to work 
for the Ministry of Magic. ... 

He turned the teacup the other way up. 

But this way it looks more like an acorn. ... Whats 
that? He scanned his copy of Unfogging the Future.  
A windfall, unexpected gold. Excellent, you can lend 
me some ... and theres a thing here, he turned the 
cup again, that looks like an animal . . . yeah, if that 
was its head ... it looks like a hippo ... no, a sheep ... 

Professor Trelawney whirled around as Harry let out a 
snort of laughter. 

Let me see that, my dear, she said reprovingly to 
Ron, sweeping over and snatching Harrys cup from 
him. Everyone went quiet to watch. 

Professor Trelawney was staring into the teacup, 
rotating it counterclockwise. 

The falcon ... my dear, you have a deadly enemy. 



  116 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But everyone knows that, said Hermione in a loud 
whisper. Professor Trelawney stared at her. 

Well, they do, said Hermione. Everybody knows 
about Harry and YouKnowWho. 

Harry and Ron stared at her with a mixture of 
amazement and admiration. They had never heard 
Hermione speak to a teacher like that before. 

Professor Trelawney chose not to reply. She lowered 
her huge eyes to Harrys cup again and continued to 
turn it. 

The club ... an attack. Dear, dear, this is not a happy 
cup. ... 

I thought that was a bowler hat, said Ron 
sheepishly. 

The skull ... danger in your path, my dear. ... 

Everyone was staring, transfixed, at Professor 
Trelawney, who gave the cup a final turn, gasped, and 
then screamed. 

There was another tinkle of breaking china; Neville 
had smashed his second cup. Professor Trelawney 
sank into a vacant armchair, her glittering hand at 
her heart and her eyes closed. 

My dear boy . . . my poor, dear boy ... no ... it is 
kinder not to say ... no ... dont ask me. ... 

What is it, Professor? said Dean Thomas at once. 
Everyone had got to their feet, and slowly they 
crowded around Harry and Rons table, pressing close 
to Professor Trelawneys chair to get a good look at 
Harrys cup. 



  117 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




My dear, Professor Trelawneys huge eyes opened 
dramatically, you have the Grim. 



The what? said Harry. 

He could tell that he wasnt the only one who didnt 
understand; Dean Thomas shrugged at him and 
Lavender Brown looked puzzled, but nearly everybody 
else clapped their hands to their mouths in horror. 

The Grim, my dear, the Grim! cried Professor 
Trelawney, who looked shocked that Harry hadnt 
understood. The giant, spectral dog that haunts 
churchyards! My dear boy, it is an omen  the worst 
omen  of death .! 

Harrys stomach lurched. That dog on the cover of 
Death Omens in Flourish and Blotts  the dog in the 
shadows of Magnolia Crescent . . . Lavender Brown 
clapped her hands to her mouth too. Everyone was 
looking at Harry, everyone except Hermione, who had 
gotten up and moved around to the back of Professor 
Trelawneys chair. 

I dont think it looks like a Grim, she said flatly. 

Professor Trelawney surveyed Hermione with 
mounting dislike. 

Youll forgive me for saying so, my dear, but I 
perceive very little aura around you. Very little 
receptivity to the resonances of the future. 

Seamus Finnigan was tilting his head from side to 
side. 

It looks like a Grim if you do this, he said, with his 
eyes almost shut, but it looks more like a donkey 
from here, he said, leaning to the left. 

  118 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




When youve all finished deciding whether Im going 
to die or not! said Harry, taking even himself by 
surprise. Now nobody seemed to want to look at him. 

I think we will leave the lesson here for today, said 
Professor Trelawney in her mistiest voice. Yes ... 
please pack away your things. ... 

Silently the class took their teacups back to Professor 
Trelawney, packed away their books, and closed their 
bags. Even Ron was avoiding Harrys eyes. 

Until we meet again, said Professor Trelawney 
faintly, fair fortune be yours. Oh, and dear  she 
pointed at Neville  youll be late next time, so mind 
you work extrahard to catch up. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione descended Professor 
Trelawneys ladder and the winding stair in silence, 
then set off for Professor McGonagalls 
Transfiguration lesson. It took them so long to find 
her classroom that, early as they had left Divination, 
they were only just in time. 

Harry chose a seat right at the back of the room, 
feeling as though he were sitting in a very bright 
spotlight; the rest of the class kept shooting furtive 
glances at him, as though he were about to drop dead 
at any moment. He hardly heard what Professor 
McGonagall was telling them about Animagi (wizards 
who could transform at will into animals), and wasnt 
even watching when she transformed herself in front 
of their eyes into a tabby cat with spectacle markings 
around her eyes. 

Really, what has got into you all today? said 
Professor McGonagall, turning back into herself with 
a faint pop, and staring around at them all. Not that 



  119 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




it matters, but thats the first time my 
transformations not got applause from a class. 



Everybodys heads turned toward Harry again, but 
nobody spoke. Then Hermione raised her hand. 

Please, Professor, weve just had our first Divination 
class, and we were reading the tea leaves, and   

Ah, of course, said Professor McGonagall, suddenly 
frowning. There is no need to say any more, Miss 
Granger. Tell me, which of you will be dying this 
year? 

Everyone stared at her. 

Me, said Harry, finally. 

I see, said Professor McGonagall, fixing Harry with 
her beady eyes. Then you should know, Potter, that 
Sibyll Trelawney has predicted the death of one 
student a year since she arrived at this school. None 
of them has died yet. Seeing death omens is her 
favorite way of greeting a new class. If it were not for 
the fact that I never speak ill of my colleagues   

Professor McGonagall broke off, and they saw that her 
nostrils had gone white. She went on, more calmly, 
Divination is one of the most imprecise branches of 
magic. I shall not conceal from you that I have very 
little patience with it. True Seers are very rare, and 
Professor Trelawney   

She stopped again, and then said, in a very matterof 
fact tone, You look in excellent health to me, Potter, 
so you will excuse me if I dont let you off homework 
today. I assure you that if you die, you need not hand 
it in. 

  120 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione laughed. Harry felt a bit better. It was 
harder to feel scared of a lump of tea leaves away 
from the dim red light and befuddling perfume of 
Professor Trelawneys classroom. Not everyone was 
convinced, however. Ron still looked worried, and 
Lavender whispered, But what about Nevilles cup? 

When the Transfiguration class had finished, they 
joined the crowd thundering toward the Great Hall for 
lunch. 

Ron, cheer up, said Hermione, pushing a dish of 
stew toward him. You heard what Professor 
McGonagall said. 

Ron spooned stew onto his plate and picked up his 
fork but didnt start. 

Harry, he said, in a low, serious voice, you havent 
seen a great black dog anywhere, have you? 

Yeah, I have, said Harry. I saw one the night I left 
the Dursleys. 

Ron let his fork fall with a clatter. 

Probably a stray, said Hermione calmly. 

Ron looked at Hermione as though she had gone 
mad. 

Hermione, if Harrys seen a Grim, thats  thats 
bad, he said. My  my uncle Bilius saw one and  
and he died twentyfour hours later! 

Coincidence, said Hermione airily, pouring herself 
some pumpkin juice. 



  121 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




You dont know what youre talking about! said Ron, 
starting to get angry. Grims scare the living daylights 
out of most wizards! 

There you are, then, said Hermione in a superior 
tone. They see the Grim and die of fright. The Grims 
not an omen, its the cause of death! And Harrys still 
with us because hes not stupid enough to see one 
and think, right, well, Id better kick the bucket then! 

Ron mouthed wordlessly at Hermione, who opened 
her bag, took out her new Arithmancy book, and 
propped it open against the juice jug. 

I think Divination seems very woolly, she said, 
searching for her . A lot of guesswork, if you ask 
me. 

There was nothing woolly about the Grim in that 
cup! said Ron hotly. 

You didnt seem quite so confident when you were 
telling Harry it was a sheep, said Hermione coolly. 

Professor Trelawney said you didnt have the right 
aura! You just dont like being bad at something for a 
change! 

He had touched a nerve. Hermione slammed her 
Arithmancy book down on the table so hard that bits 
of meat and carrot flew everywhere. 

If being good at Divination means I have to pretend 
to see death omens in a lump of tea leaves, Im not 
sure Ill be studying it much longer! That lesson was 
absolute rubbish compared with my Arithmancy 
class! 



She snatched up her bag and stalked away. 

  122 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron frowned after her. 



Whats she talking about? he said to Harry. She 
hasnt been to an Arithmancy class yet. 

Harry was pleased to get out of the castle after lunch. 
Yesterdays rain had cleared; the sky was a clear, pale 
gray, and the grass was springy and damp underfoot 
as they set off for their first ever Care of Magical 
Creatures class. 

Ron and Hermione werent speaking to each other. 
Harry walked beside them in silence as they went 
down the sloping lawns to Hagrids hut on the edge of 
the Forbidden Forest. It was only when he spotted 
three onlytoofamiliar backs ahead of them that he 
realized they must be having these lessons with the 
Slytherins. Malfoy was talking animatedly to Crabbe 
and Goyle, who were chortling. Harry was quite sure 
he knew what they were talking about. 

Hagrid was waiting for his class at the door of his hut. 
He stood in his moleskin overcoat, with Fang the 
boarhound at his heels, looking impatient to start. 

Cmon, now, get a move on! he called as the class 
approached. Got a real treat for yeh today! Great 
lesson cornin up! Everyone here? Right, follow me! 

For one nasty moment, Harry thought that Hagrid 
was going to lead them into the forest; Harry had had 
enough unpleasant experiences in there to last him a 
lifetime. However, Hagrid strolled off around the edge 
of the trees, and five minutes later, they found 
themselves outside a kind of paddock. There was 
nothing in there. 



  123 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Everyone gather round the fence here! he called. 
Thats it  make sure yeh can see  now, firs thing 
yehll want ter do is open yer books   

How? said the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. 

Eh? said Hagrid. 

How do we open our books? Malfoy repeated. He 
took out his copy of The Monster Book of Monsters, 
which he had bound shut with a length of rope. Other 
people took theirs out too; some, like Harry, had 
belted their book shut; others had crammed them 
inside tight bags or clamped them together with 
binder clips. 

Hasn  hasn anyone bin able ter open their 
books? said Hagrid, looking crestfallen. 

The class all shook their heads. 

Yehve got ter stroke em, said Hagrid, as though 
this was the most obvious thing in the world. Look  



He took Hermiones copy and ripped off the Spellotape 
that bound it. The book tried to bite, but Hagrid ran a 
giant forefinger down its spine, and the book 
shivered, and then fell open and lay quiet in his hand. 

Oh, how silly weve all been! Malfoy sneered. We 
should have stroked them! Why didnt we guess! 

I  I thought they were funny, Hagrid said 
uncertainly to Hermione. 

Oh, tremendously funny! said Malfoy. Really witty, 
giving us books that try and rip our hands off! 



  124 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Shut up, Malfoy, said Harry quietly. Hagrid was 
looking downcast and Harry wanted Hagrid s first 
lesson to be a success. 

Righ then, said Hagrid, who seemed to have lost his 
thread, so  so yehve got yer books an  an  
now yeh need the Magical Creatures. Yeah. So Ill go 
an get em. Hang on ... 

He strode away from them into the forest and out of 
sight. 

God, this place is going to the dogs, said Malfoy 
loudly. That oaf teaching classes, my fatherll have a 
fit when I tell him   

Shut up, Malfoy, Harry repeated. 

Careful, Potter, theres a dementor behind you   

Oooooooh! squealed Lavender Brown, pointing 
toward the opposite side of the paddock. 

Trotting toward them were a dozen of the most bizarre 
creatures Harry had ever seen. They had the bodies, 
hind legs, and tails of horses, but the front legs, 
wings, and heads of what seemed to be giant eagles, 
with cruel, steelcolored beaks and large, brilliantly 
orange eyes. The talons on their front legs were half a 
foot long and deadly looking. Each of the beasts had a 
thick leather collar around its neck, which was 
attached to a long chain, and the ends of all of these 
were held in the vast hands of Hagrid, who came 
jogging into the paddock behind the creatures. 

Gee up, there! he roared, shaking the chains and 
urging the creatures toward the fence where the class 
stood. Everyone drew back slightly as Hagrid reached 
them and tethered the creatures to the fence. 

  125 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hippogriffs! Hagrid roared happily, waving a hand at 
them. Beauiful, aren they? 

Harry could sort of see what Hagrid meant. Once you 
got over the first shock of seeing something that was 
half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the 
hippogriffs gleaming coats, changing smoothly from 
feather to hair, each of them a different color: stormy 
gray, bronze, pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut, and 
inky black. 

So, said Hagrid, rubbing his hands together and 
beaming around, if yeh wan ter come a bit nearer   

No one seemed to want to. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, 
however, approached the fence cautiously. 

Now, firs thing yeh gotta know abou hippogriffs is, 
theyre proud, said Hagrid. Easily offended, 
hippogriffs are. Dont never insult one, cause it might 
be the last thing yeh do. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle werent listening; they 
were talking in an undertone and Harry had a nasty 
feeling they were plotting how best to disrupt the 
lesson. 

Yeh always wait fer the hippogriff ter make the firs 
move, Hagrid continued. Its polite, see? Yeh walk 
toward him, and yeh bow, an yeh wait. If he bows 
back, yehre allowed ter touch him. If he doesn bow, 
then get away from him sharpish, cause those talons 
hurt. 

Right  who wants ter go first? 

Most of the class backed farther away in answer. 

Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione had misgivings. The 
hippogriffs were tossing their fierce heads and flexing 

  126 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




their powerful wings; they didnt seem to like being 
tethered like this. 

No one? said Hagrid, with a pleading look. 

Ill do it, said Harry. 

There was an intake of breath from behind him, and 
both Lavender and Parvati whispered, Oooh, no, 
Harry, remember your tea leaves! 

Harry ignored them. He climbed over the paddock 
fence. 

Good man, Harry! roared Hagrid. Right then  lets 
see how yeh get on with Buckbeak. 

He untied one of the chains, pulled the gray hippogriff 
away from its fellows, and slipped off its leather 
collar. The class on the other side of the paddock 
seemed to be holding its breath. Malfoys eyes were 
narrowed maliciously. 

Easy, now, Harry, said Hagrid quietly. Yehve got 
eye contact, now try not ter blink. ... Hippogriffs don 
trust yeh if yeh blink too much. ... 

Harrys eyes immediately began to water, but he 
didnt shut them. Buckbeak had turned his great, 
sharp head and was staring at Harry with one fierce 
orange eye. 

Thas it, said Hagrid. Thas it, Harry ... now, bow 



Harry didnt feel much like exposing the back of his 
neck to Buckbeak, but he did as he was told. He gave 
a short bow and then looked up. 



  127 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The hippogriff was still staring haughtily at him. It 
didnt move. 

Ah, said Hagrid, sounding worried. Right  back 
away, now, Harry, easy does it   

But then, to Harrys enormous surprise, the hippogriff 
suddenly bent its scaly front knees and sank into 
what was an unmistakable bow. 

Well done, Harry! said Hagrid, ecstatic. Right  
yeh can touch him! Pat his beak, go on! 

Feeling that a better reward would have been to back 
away, Harry moved slowly toward the hippogriff and 
reached out toward it. He patted the beak several 
times and the hippogriff closed its eyes lazily, as 
though enjoying it. 

The class broke into applause, all except for Malfoy, 
Crabbe, and Goyle, who were looking deeply 
disappointed. 

Righ then, Harry, said Hagrid. I reckon he might 
let yeh ride him! 

This was more than Harry had bargained for. He was 
used to a broomstick; but he wasnt sure a hippogriff 
would be quite the same. 

Yeh climb up there, jus behind the wing joint, said 
Hagrid, an mind yeh don pull any of his feathers 
out, he won like that. ... 

Harry put his foot on the top of Buckbeaks wing and 
hoisted himself onto its back. Buckbeak stood up. 
Harry wasnt sure where to hold on; everything in 
front of him was covered with feathers. 



  128 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Go on, then! roared Hagrid, slapping the hippogriffs 
hindquarters. 

Without warning, twelvefoot wings flapped open on 
either side of Harry; he just had time to seize the 
hippogriff around the neck before he was soaring 
upward. It was nothing like a broomstick, and Harry 
knew which one he preferred; the hippogriffs wings 
beat uncomfortably on either side of him, catching 
him under his legs and making him feel he was about 
to be thrown off; the glossy feathers slipped under his 
fingers and he didnt dare get a stronger grip; instead 
of the smooth action of his Nimbus Two Thousand, he 
now felt himself rocking backward and forward as the 
hindquarters of the hippogriff rose and fell with its 
wings. 

Buckbeak flew him once around the paddock and 
then headed back to the ground; this was the bit 
Harry had been dreading; he leaned back as the 
smooth neck lowered, feeling he was going to slip off 
over the beak, then felt a heavy thud as the four ill 
assorted feet hit the ground. He just managed to hold 
on and push himself straight again. 

Good work, Harry! roared Hagrid as everyone except 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle cheered. Okay, who else 
wants a go? 

Emboldened by Harrys success, the rest of the class 
climbed cautiously into the paddock. Hagrid untied 
the hippogriffs one by one, and soon people were 
bowing nervously, all over the paddock. Neville ran 
repeatedly backward from his, which didnt seem to 
want to bend its knees. Ron and Hermione practiced 
on the chestnut, while Harry watched. 



  129 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had taken over Buckbeak. 
He had bowed to Malfoy, who was now patting his 
beak, looking disdainful. 

This is very easy, Malfoy drawled, loud enough for 
Harry to hear him. I knew it must have been, if 
Potter could do it. ... I bet youre not dangerous at all, 
are you? he said to the hippogriff. Are you, you great 
ugly brute? 

It happened in a flash of steely talons; Malfoy let out a 
highpitched scream and next moment, Hagrid was 
wrestling Buckbeak back into his collar as he 
strained to get at Malfoy, who lay curled in the grass, 
blood blossoming over his robes. 

Im dying! Malfoy yelled as the class panicked. Im 
dying, look at me! Its killed me! 

Yer not dyin! said Hagrid, who had gone very white. 
Someone help me  gotta get him outta here   

Hermione ran to hold open the gate as Hagrid lifted 
Malfoy easily. As they passed, Harry saw that there 
was a long, deep gash on Malfoys arm; blood 
splattered the grass and Hagrid ran with him, up the 
slope toward the castle. 

Very shaken, the Care of Magical Creatures class 
followed at a walk. The Slytherins were all shouting 
about Hagrid. 

They should fire him straight away! said Pansy 
Parkinson, who was in tears. 

It was Malfoys fault! snapped Dean Thomas. 

Crabbe and Goyle flexed their muscles threateningly. 



  130 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




They all climbed the stone steps into the deserted 
entrance hall. 

Im going to see if hes okay! said Pansy, and they all 
watched her run up the marble staircase. The 
Slytherins, still muttering about Hagrid, headed away 
in the direction of their dungeon common room; 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded upstairs to 
Gryffindor Tower. 

Dyou think hell be all right? said Hermione 
nervously. 

 Course he will. Madam Pomfrey can mend cuts in 
about a second, said Harry, who had had far worse 
injuries mended magically by the nurse. 

That was a really bad thing to happen in Hagrid s 
first class, though, wasnt it? said Ron, looking 
worried. Trust Malfoy to mess things up for him. ... 

They were among the first to reach the Great Hall at 
dinnertime, hoping to see Hagrid, but he wasnt there. 

They wouldnt fire him, would they? said Hermione 
anxiously, not touching her steakandkidney 
pudding. 

Theyd better not, said Ron, who wasnt eating 
either. 

Harry was watching the Slytherin table. A large group 
including Crabbe and Goyle was huddled together, 
deep in conversation. Harry was sure they were 
cooking up their own version of how Malfoy had been 
injured. 

Well, you cant say it wasnt an interesting first day 
back, said Ron gloomily. 

  131 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




They went up to the crowded Gryffindor common 
room after dinner and tried to do the homework 
Professor McGonagall had given them, but all three of 
them kept breaking off and glancing out of the tower 
window. 

Theres a light on in Hagrids window, Harry said 
suddenly. 

Ron looked at his watch. 

If we hurried, we could go down and see him. Its still 
quite early. ... 

I dont know, Hermione said slowly, and Harry saw 
her glance at him. 

Im allowed to walk across the grounds, he said 
pointedly. Sirius Black hasnt got past the dementors 
yet, has he? 

So they put their things away and headed out of the 
portrait hole, glad to meet nobody on their way to the 
front doors, as they werent entirely sure they were 
supposed to be out. 

The grass was still wet and looked almost black in the 
twilight. When they reached Hagrids hut, they 
knocked, and a voice growled, Cmin. 

Hagrid was sitting in his shirtsleeves at his scrubbed 
wooden table; his boarhound, Fang, had his head in 
Hagrids lap. One look told them that Hagrid had been 
drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as 
big as a bucket in front of him, and he seemed to be 
having difficulty getting them into focus. 



  132 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




 Spect its a record, he said thickly, when he 
recognized them. Don reckon theyve ever had a 
teacher who lasted ony a day before. 

You havent been fired, Hagrid! gasped Hermione. 

Not yet, said Hagrid miserably, taking a huge gulp 
of whatever was in the tankard. But s only a matter 
o time, int it, after Malfoy ... 

How is he? said Ron as they all sat down. It wasnt 
serious, was it? 

Madam Pomfrey fixed him best she could, said 
Hagrid dully, but hes sayin its still agony ... covered 
in bandages ... moanin ... 

Hes faking it, said Harry at once. Madam Pomfrey 
can mend anything. She regrew half my bones last 
year. Trust Malfoy to milk it for all its worth. 

School govnors have bin told, o course, said Hagrid 
miserably. They reckon I started too big. Shoulda left 
hippogriffs fer later ... done flobberworms or summat. 
... Jus thought itd make a good firs lesson. ... S all 
my fault. ... 

Its all Malfoy s fault, Hagrid! said Hermione 
earnestly. 

Were witnesses, said Harry. You said hippogriffs 
attack if you insult them. Its Malfoys problem that 
he wasnt listening. Well tell Dumbledore what really 
happened. 

Yeah, dont worry, Hagrid, well back you up, said 
Ron. 



  133 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Tears leaked out of the crinkled corners of Hagrid s 
beetleblack eyes. He grabbed both Harry and Ron 
and pulled them into a bonebreaking hug. 

I think youve had enough to drink, Hagrid, said 
Hermione firmly. She took the tankard from the table 
and went outside to empty it. 

Ar, maybe shes right, said Hagrid, letting go of 
Harry and Ron, who both staggered away, rubbing 
their ribs. Hagrid heaved himself out of his chair and 
followed Hermione unsteadily outside. They heard a 
loud splash. 

Whats he done? said Harry nervously as Hermione 
came back in with the empty tankard. 

Stuck his head in the water barrel, said Hermione, 
putting the tankard away. 

Hagrid came back, his long hair and beard sopping 
wet, wiping the water out of his eyes. 

Thas better, he said, shaking his head like a dog 
and drenching them all. Listen, it was good of yeh ter 
come an see me, I really   

Hagrid stopped dead, staring at Harry as though hed 
only just realized he was there. 

WHAT DYEH THINK YOURE DOIN, EH? he roared, 
so suddenly that they jumped a foot in the air. 

YEH RE NOT TO GO WANDERIN AROUND AFTER 
DARK, HARRY! AN YOU TWO! LETTIN HIM! 

Hagrid strode over to Harry, grabbed his arm, and 
pulled him to the door. 



  134 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Cmon! Hagrid said angrily. Im takinyer all back 
up ter school, an don let me catch yeh walkin down 
ter see me after dark again. Im not worth that! 



  135 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




7 




THE BOGGART IN THE WARDROBE 

Malfoy didnt reappear in classes until late on 
Thursday morning, when the Slytherins and 
Gryffindors were halfway through double Potions. He 
swaggered into the dungeon, his right arm covered in 
bandages and bound up in a sling, acting, in Harrys 
opinion, as though he were the heroic survivor of 
some dreadful battle. 

How is it, Draco? simpered Pansy Parkinson. Does 
it hurt much? 

Yeah, said Malfoy, putting on a brave sort of 
grimace. But Harry saw him wink at Crabbe and 
Goyle when Pansy had looked away. 

Settle down, settle down, said Professor Snape idly. 

Harry and Ron scowled at each other; Snape wouldnt 
have said settle down if theyd walked in late, hed 
have given them detention. But Malfoy had always 
been able to get away with anything in Snape s 

  136 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



classes; Snape was head of Slytherin House, and 
generally favored his own students above all others. 



They were making a new potion today, a Shrinking 
Solution. Malfoy set up his cauldron right next to 
Harry and Ron, so that they were preparing their 
ingredients on the same table. 

Sir, Malfoy called, sir, Ill need help cutting up 
these daisy roots, because of my arm   

Weasley, cut up Malfoys roots for him, said Snape 
without looking up. 

Ron went brick red. 

Theres nothing wrong with your arm, he hissed at 
Malfoy. 

Malfoy smirked across the table. 

Weasley, you heard Professor Snape; cut up these 
roots. 

Ron seized his knife, pulled Malfoys roots toward 
him, and began to chop them roughly, so that they 
were all different sizes. 

Professor, drawled Malfoy, Weasleys mutilating my 
roots, sir. 

Snape approached their table, stared down his 
hooked nose at the roots, then gave Ron an 
unpleasant smile from beneath his long, greasy black 
hair. 

Change roots with Malfoy, Weasley. 

But, sir  ! 

  137 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron had spent the last quarter of an hour carefully 
shredding his own roots into exactly equal pieces. 

Now, said Snape in his most dangerous voice. 

Ron shoved his own beautifully cut roots across the 
table at Malfoy, then took up the knife again. 

And, sir, 111 need this shrivelfig skinned, said 
Malfoy, his voice full of malicious laughter. 

Potter, you can skin Malfoys shrivelfig, said Snape, 
giving Harry the look of loathing he always reserved 
just for him. 

Harry took Malfoys shrivelfig as Ron began trying to 
repair the damage to the roots he now had to use. 
Harry skinned the shrivelfig as fast as he could and 
flung it back across the table at Malfoy without 
speaking. Malfoy was smirking more broadly than 
ever. 

Seen your pal Hagrid lately? he asked them quietly. 

None of your business, said Ron jerkily, without 
looking up. 

Im afraid he wont be a teacher much longer, said 
Malfoy in a tone of mock sorrow. Fathers not very 
happy about my injury   

Keep talking, Malfoy, and Ill give you a real injury, 
snarled Ron. 

  hes complained to the school governors. And to 
the Ministry of Magic. Fathers got a lot of influence, 
you know. And a lasting injury like this  he gave a 
huge, fake sigh  who knows if my armll ever be the 
same again? 

  138 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




So thats why youre putting it on, said Harry, 
accidentally beheading a dead caterpillar because his 
hand was shaking in anger. To try to get Hagrid 
fired. 

Well, said Malfoy, lowering his voice to a whisper, 

 partly , Potter. But there are other benefits too. 
Weasley, slice my caterpillars for me. 

A few cauldrons away, Neville was in trouble. Neville 
regularly went to pieces in Potions lessons; it was his 
worst subject, and his great fear of Professor Snape 
made things ten times worse. His potion, which was 
supposed to be a bright, acid green, had turned  

Orange, Longbottom, said Snape, ladling some up 
and allowing it to splash back into the cauldron, so 
that everyone could see. Orange. Tell me, boy, does 
anything penetrate that thick skull of yours? Didnt 
you hear me say, quite clearly, that only one rat 
spleen was needed? Didnt I state plainly that a dash 
of leech juice would suffice? What do I have to do to 
make you understand, Longbottom? 

Neville was pink and trembling. He looked as though 
he was on the verge of tears. 

Please, sir, said Hermione, please, I could help 
Neville put it right   

I dont remember asking you to show off, Miss 
Granger, said Snape coldly, and Hermione went as 
pink as Neville. Longbottom, at the end of this lesson 
we will feed a few drops of this potion to your toad 
and see what happens. Perhaps that will encourage 
you to do it properly. 

Snape moved away, leaving Neville breathless with 
fear. 

  139 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Help me! he moaned to Hermione. 



Hey, Harry, said Seamus Finnigan, leaning over to 
borrow Harrys brass scales, have you heard? Daily 
Prophet this morning  they reckon Sirius Blacks 
been sighted. 

Where? said Harry and Ron quickly. On the other 
side of the table, Malfoy looked up, listening closely. 

Not too far from here, said Seamus, who looked 
excited. It was a Muggle who saw him. Course, she 
didnt really understand. The Muggles think hes just 
an ordinary criminal, dont they? So she phoned the 
telephone hot line. By the time the Ministry of Magic 
got there, he was gone. 

Not too far from here ... , Ron repeated, looking 
significantly at Harry. He turned around and saw 
Malfoy watching closely. What, Malfoy? Need 
something else skinned? 

But Malfoys eyes were shining malevolently, and they 
were fixed on Harry. He leaned across the table. 

Thinking of trying to catch Black singlehanded, 
Potter? 

Yeah, thats right, said Harry offhandedly. 

Malfoys thin mouth was curving in a mean smile. 

Of course, if it was me, he said quietly, Id have 
done something before now. I wouldnt be staying in 
school like a good boy, Id be out there looking for 
him. 

What are you talking about, Malfoy? said Ron 
roughly. 

  140 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dont you know, Potter? breathed Malfoy, his pale 
eyes narrowed. 



Know what? 

Malfoy let out a low, sneering laugh. 

Maybe youd rather not risk your neck, he said. 
Want to leave it to the dementors, do you? But if it 
was me, Id want revenge. Id hunt him down myself. 

 What are you talking about? said Harry angrily, but 
at that moment Snape called, You should have 
finished adding your ingredients by now; this potion 
needs to stew before it can be drunk, so clear away 
while it simmers and then well test Longbottoms. ... 

Crabbe and Goyle laughed openly, watching Neville 
sweat as he stirred his potion feverishly. Hermione 
was muttering instructions to him out of the corner of 
her mouth, so that Snape wouldnt see. Harry and 
Ron packed away their unused ingredients and went 
to wash their hands and ladles in the stone basin in 
the corner. 

What did Malfoy mean? Harry muttered to Ron as 
he stuck his hands under the icy jet that poured from 
the gargoyles mouth. Why would I want revenge on 
Black? He hasnt done anything to me  yet. 

Hes making it up, said Ron savagely. Hes trying to 
make you do something stupid. ... 

The end of the lesson in sight, Snape strode over to 
Neville, who was cowering by his cauldron. 

Everyone gather round, said Snape, his black eyes 
glittering, and watch what happens to Longbottoms 
toad. If he has managed to produce a Shrinking 

  141 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Solution, it will shrink to a tadpole. If, as I dont 
doubt, he has done it wrong, his toad is likely to be 
poisoned. 

The Gryffindors watched fearfully. The Slytherins 
looked excited. Snape picked up Trevor the toad in 
his left hand and dipped a small spoon into Nevilles 
potion, which was now green. He trickled a few drops 
down Trevors throat. 

There was a moment of hushed silence, in which 
Trevor gulped; then there was a small pop, and Trevor 
the tadpole was wriggling in Snape s palm. 

The Gryffindors burst into applause. Snape, looking 
sour, pulled a small bottle from the pocket of his 
robe, poured a few drops on top of Trevor, and he 
reappeared suddenly, fully grown. 

Five points from Gryffindor, said Snape, which 
wiped the smiles from every face. I told you not to 
help him, Miss Granger. Class dismissed. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the steps to the 
entrance hall. Harry was still thinking about what 
Malfoy had said, while Ron was seething about 
Snape. 

Five points from Gryffindor because the potion was 
all right! Why didnt you lie, Hermione? You shouldve 
said Neville did it all by himself! 

Hermione didnt answer. Ron looked around. 

Where is she? 

Harry turned too. They were at the top of the steps 
now, watching the rest of the class pass them, 
heading for the Great Hall and lunch. 

  142 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




She was right behind us, said Ron, frowning. 

Malfoy passed them, walking between Crabbe and 
Goyle. He smirked at Harry and disappeared. 

There she is, said Harry. 

Hermione was panting slightly, hurrying up the 
stairs; one hand clutched her bag, the other seemed 
to be tucking something down the front of her robes. 

How did you do that? said Ron. 

What? said Hermione, joining them. 

One minute you were right behind us, the next 
moment, you were back at the bottom of the stairs 
again. 

What? Hermione looked slightly confused. Oh  I 
had to go back for something. Oh no   

A seam had split on Hermiones bag. Harry wasnt 
surprised; he could see that it was crammed with at 
least a dozen large and heavy books. 

Why are you carrying all these around with you? 
Ron asked her. 

You know how many subjects Im taking, said 
Hermione breathlessly. Couldnt hold these for me, 
could you? 

But   Ron was turning over the books she had 
handed him, looking at the covers. You havent got 
any of these subjects today. Its only Defense Against 
the Dark Arts this afternoon. 



  143 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Oh yes, said Hermione vaguely, but she packed all 
the books back into her bag just the same. I hope 
theres something good for lunch, Im starving, she 
added, and she marched off toward the Great Hall. 

Dyou get the feeling Hermione s not telling us 
something? Ron asked Harry. 



Professor Lupin wasnt there when they arrived at his 
first Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. They all 
sat down, took out their books, quills, and 
parchment, and were talking when he finally entered 
the room. Lupin smiled vaguely and placed his tatty 
old briefcase on the teachers desk. He was as shabby 
as ever but looked healthier than he had on the train, 
as though he had had a few square meals. 

Good afternoon, he said. Would you please put all 
your books back in your bags. Todays will be a 
practical lesson. You will need only your wands. 

A few curious looks were exchanged as the class put 
away their books. They had never had a practical 
Defense Against the Dark Arts before, unless you 
counted the memorable class last year when their old 
teacher had brought a cageful of pixies to class and 
set them loose. 

Right then, said Professor Lupin, when everyone 
was ready. If youd follow me. 

Puzzled but interested, the class got to its feet and 
followed Professor Lupin out of the classroom. He led 
them along the deserted corridor and around a 
corner, where the first thing they saw was Peeves the 
Poltergeist, who was floating upside down in midair 
and stuffing the nearest keyhole with chewing gum. 
  144 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Peeves didnt look up until Professor Lupin was two 
feet away; then he wiggled his curlytoed feet and 
broke into song. 

Loony, loopy Lupin, Peeves sang. Loony, loopy 
Lupin, loony, loopy Lupin   

Rude and unmanageable as he almost always was, 
Peeves usually showed some respect toward the 
teachers. Everyone looked quickly at Professor Lupin 
to see how he would take this; to their surprise, he 
was still smiling. 

Id take that gum out of the keyhole if I were you, 
Peeves, he said pleasantly. Mr. Filch wont be able to 
get in to his brooms. 

Filch was the Hogwarts caretaker, a badtempered, 
failed wizard who waged a constant war against the 
students and, indeed, Peeves. However, Peeves paid 
no attention to Professor Lupins words, except to 
blow a loud wet raspberry. 

Professor Lupin gave a small sigh and took out his 
wand. 

This is a useful little spell, he told the class over his 
shoulder. Please watch closely. 

He raised the wand to shoulder height, said, 

 Waddiwasil  and pointed it at Peeves. 

With the force of a bullet, the wad of chewing gum 
shot out of the keyhole and straight down Peeves s left 
nostril; he whirled upright and zoomed away, cursing. 

Cool, sir! said Dean Thomas in amazement. 



  145 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Thank you, Dean, said Professor Lupin, putting his 
wand away again. Shall we proceed? 

They set off again, the class looking at shabby 
Professor Lupin with increased respect. He led them 
down a second corridor and stopped, right outside the 
staffroom door. 

Inside, please, said Professor Lupin, opening it and 
standing back. 

The staffroom, a long, paneled room full of old, 
mismatched chairs, was empty except for one teacher. 
Professor Snape was sitting in a low armchair, and he 
looked around as the class filed in. His eyes were 
glittering and there was a nasty sneer playing around 
his mouth. As Professor Lupin came in and made to 
close the door behind him, Snape said, Leave it open, 
Lupin. Td rather not witness this. 

He got to his feet and strode past the class, his black 
robes billowing behind him. At the doorway he turned 
on his heel and said, Possibly no ones warned you, 
Lupin, but this class contains Neville Longbottom. I 
would advise you not to entrust him with anything 
difficult. Not unless Miss Granger is hissing 
instructions in his ear. 

Neville went scarlet. Harry glared at Snape; it was bad 
enough that he bullied Neville in his own classes, let 
alone doing it in front of other teachers. 

Professor Lupin had raised his eyebrows. 

I was hoping that Neville would assist me with the 
first stage of the operation, he said, and I am sure 
he will perform it admirably. 



  146 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Nevilles face went, if possible, even redder. Snapes 
lip curled, but he left, shutting the door with a snap. 

Now, then, said Professor Lupin, beckoning the 
class toward the end of the room, where there was 
nothing but an old wardrobe where the teachers kept 
their spare robes. As Professor Lupin went to stand 
next to it, the wardrobe gave a sudden wobble, 
banging off the wall. 

Nothing to worry about, said Professor Lupin calmly 
because a few people had jumped backward in alarm. 
Theres a boggart in there. 

Most people seemed to feel that this was something to 
worry about. Neville gave Professor Lupin a look of 
pure terror, and Seamus Finnigan eyed the now 
rattling doorknob apprehensively. 

Boggarts like dark, enclosed spaces, said Professor 
Lupin. Wardrobes, the gap beneath beds, the 
cupboards under sinks  Ive even met one that had 
lodged itself in a grandfather clock. This one moved in 
yesterday afternoon, and I asked the headmaster if 
the staff would leave it to give my third years some 
practice. 

So, the first question we must ask ourselves is, what 
is a boggart? 

Hermione put up her hand. 

Its a shapeshifter, she said. It can take the shape 
of whatever it thinks will frighten us most. 

Couldnt have put it better myself, said Professor 
Lupin, and Hermione glowed. So the boggart sitting 
in the darkness within has not yet assumed a form. 

He does not yet know what will frighten the person on 

  147 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




the other side of the door. Nobody knows what a 
boggart looks like when he is alone, but when I let 
him out, he will immediately become whatever each of 
us most fears. 

This means, said Professor Lupin, choosing to 
ignore Nevilles small sputter of terror, that we have a 
huge advantage over the boggart before we begin. 

Have you spotted it, Harry? 

Trying to answer a question with Hermione next to 
him, bobbing up and down on the balls of her feet 
with her hand in the air, was very offputting, but 
Harry had a go. 

Er  because there are so many of us, it wont know 
what shape it should be? 

Precisely, said Professor Lupin, and Hermione put 
her hand down, looking a little disappointed. Its 
always best to have company when youre dealing 
with a boggart. He becomes confused. Which should 
he become, a headless corpse or a flesheating slug? I 
once saw a boggart make that very mistake  tried to 
frighten two people at once and turned himself into 
half a slug. Not remotely frightening. 

The charm that repels a boggart is simple, yet it 
requires force of mind. You see, the thing that really 
finishes a boggart is laughter. What you need to do is 
force it to assume a shape that you find amusing. 

We will practice the charm without wands first. After 
me, please ... riddikulusV 

 RiddikulusV said the class together. 

Good, said Professor Lupin. Very good. But that 
was the easy part, Im afraid. You see, the word alone 

  148 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




is not enough. And this is where you come in, 
Neville. 



The wardrobe shook again, though not as much as 
Neville, who walked forward as though he were 
heading for the gallows. 

Right, Neville, said Professor Lupin. First things 
first: what would you say is the thing that frightens 
you most in the world? 

Nevilles lips moved, but no noise came out. 

Didnt catch that, Neville, sorry, said Professor 
Lupin cheerfully. 

Neville looked around rather wildly, as though 
begging someone to help him, then said, in barely 
more than a whisper, Professor Snape. 

Nearly everyone laughed. Even Neville grinned 
apologetically. Professor Lupin, however, looked 
thoughtful. 

Professor Snape ... hmmm ... Neville, I believe you 
live with your grandmother? 

Er  yes, said Neville nervously. But  I dont 
want the boggart to turn into her either. 

No, no, you misunderstand me, said Professor 
Lupin, now smiling. I wonder, could you tell us what 
sort of clothes your grandmother usually wears? 

Neville looked startled, but said, Well ... always the 
same hat. A tall one with a stuffed vulture on top. 

And a long dress ... green, normally ... and sometimes 
a foxfur scarf. 

  149 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




And a handbag? prompted Professor Lupin. 

A big red one, said Neville. 

Right then, said Professor Lupin. Can you picture 
those clothes very clearly, Neville? Can you see them 
in your minds eye? 

Yes, said Neville uncertainly, plainly wondering 
what was coming next. 

When the boggart bursts out of this wardrobe, 

Neville, and sees you, it will assume the form of 
Professor Snape, said Lupin. And you will raise your 
wand  thus  and cry Riddikulus  and 
concentrate hard on your grandmothers clothes. If all 
goes well, Professor Boggart Snape will be forced into 
that vulturetopped hat, and that green dress, with 
that big red handbag. 

There was a great shout of laughter. The wardrobe 
wobbled more violently. 

If Neville is successful, the boggart is likely to shift 
his attention to each of us in turn, said Professor 
Lupin. I would like all of you to take a moment now 
to think of the thing that scares you most, and 
imagine how you might force it to look comical. ... 

The room went quiet. Harry thought ... What scared 
him most in the world? 

His first thought was Lord Voldemort  a Voldemort 
returned to full strength. But before he had even 
started to plan a possible counterattack on a boggart  
Voldemort, a horrible image came floating to the 
surface of his mind. ... 



  150 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




A rotting, glistening hand, slithering back beneath a 
black cloak ... a long, rattling breath from an unseen 
mouth . . . then a cold so penetrating it felt like 
drowning. ... 

Harry shivered, then looked around, hoping no one 
had noticed. Many people had their eyes shut tight. 
Ron was muttering to himself, Take its legs off. 
Harry was sure he knew what that was about. Rons 
greatest fear was spiders. 

Everyone ready? said Professor Lupin. 

Harry felt a lurch of fear. He wasnt ready. How could 
you make a dementor less frightening? But he didnt 
want to ask for more time; everyone else was nodding 
and rolling up their sleeves. 

Neville, were going to back away, said Professor 
Lupin. Let you have a clear field, all right? Ill call the 
next person forward. ... Everyone back, now, so 
Neville can get a clear shot   

They all retreated, backed against the walls, leaving 
Neville alone beside the wardrobe. He looked pale and 
frightened, but he had pushed up the sleeves of his 
robes and was holding his wand ready. 

On the count of three, Neville, said Professor Lupin, 
who was pointing his own wand at the handle of the 
wardrobe. One  two  three  now\ 

A jet of sparks shot from the end of Professor Lupins 
wand and hit the doorknob. The wardrobe burst 
open. Hooknosed and menacing, Professor Snape 
stepped out, his eyes flashing at Neville. 



  151 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Neville backed away, his wand up, mouthing 
wordlessly. Snape was bearing down upon him, 
reaching inside his robes. 

R  r  riddikulusV squeaked Neville. 

There was a noise like a whip crack. Snape stumbled; 
he was wearing a long, lacetrimmed dress and a 
towering hat topped with a motheaten vulture, and 
he was swinging a huge crimson handbag. 

There was a roar of laughter; the boggart paused, 
confused, and Professor Lupin shouted, Parvati! 
Forward! 

Parvati walked forward, her face set. Snape rounded 
on her. There was another crack, and where he had 
stood was a bloodstained, bandaged mummy; its 
sightless face was turned to Parvati and it began to 
walk toward her very slowly, dragging its feet, its stiff 
arms rising  

RiddikulusV cried Parvati. 

A bandage unraveled at the mummys feet; it became 
entangled, fell face forward, and its head rolled off. 

Seamus! roared Professor Lupin. 

Seamus darted past Parvati. 

Crack ! Where the mummy had been was a woman 
with floorlength black hair and a skeletal, green 
tinged face  a banshee. She opened her mouth wide 
and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, 
wailing shriek that made the hair on Harrys head 
stand on end  

RiddikulusV shouted Seamus. 

  152 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The banshee made a rasping noise and clutched her 
throat; her voice was gone. 

Crack). The banshee turned into a rat, which chased 
its tail in a circle, then  crack).  became a 
rattlesnake, which slithered and writhed before  
crack !  becoming a single, bloody eyeball. 

Its confused! shouted Lupin. Were getting there! 
Dean! 

Dean hurried forward. 

Crack) The eyeball became a severed hand, which 
flipped over and began to creep along the floor like a 
crab. 

RiddikulusV yelled Dean. 

There was a snap, and the hand was trapped in a 
mousetrap. 

Excellent! Ron, you next! 

Ron leapt forward. 

Crack) 

Quite a few people screamed. A giant spider, six feet 
tall and covered in hair, was advancing on Ron, 
clicking its pincers menacingly. For a moment, Harry 
thought Ron had frozen. Then  

RiddikulusV bellowed Ron, and the spiders legs 
vanished; it rolled over and over; Lavender Brown 
squealed and ran out of its way and it came to a halt 
at Harrys feet. He raised his wand, ready, but  



  153 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Here! shouted Professor Lupin suddenly, hurrying 
forward. 

Crack). 

The legless spider had vanished. For a second, 
everyone looked wildly around to see where it was. 
Then they saw a silverywhite orb hanging in the air 
in front of Lupin, who said, RiddikulusV almost 
lazily. 

Crack ! 

Forward, Neville, and finish him off! said Lupin as 
the boggart landed on the floor as a cockroach. Crack). 
Snape was back. This time Neville charged forward 
looking determined. 

RiddikulusV he shouted, and they had a split 
seconds view of Snape in his lacy dress before Neville 
let out a great Ha! of laughter, and the boggart 
exploded, burst into a thousand tiny wisps of smoke, 
and was gone. 

Excellent! cried Professor Lupin as the class broke 
into applause. Excellent, Neville. Well done, 
everyone. ... Let me see ... five points to Gryffindor for 
every person to tackle the boggart  ten for Neville 
because he did it twice . . . and five each to Hermione 
and Harry. 

But I didnt do anything, said Harry. 

You and Hermione answered my questions correctly 
at the start of the class, Harry, Lupin said lightly. 
Very well, everyone, an excellent lesson. Homework, 
kindly read the chapter on boggarts and summarize it 
for me ... to be handed in on Monday. That will be 
all. 

  154 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Talking excitedly, the class left the staffroom. Harry, 
however, wasnt feeling cheerful. Professor Lupin had 
deliberately stopped him from tackling the boggart. 
Why? Was it because hed seen Harry collapse on the 
train, and thought he wasnt up to much? Had he 
thought Harry would pass out again? 

But no one else seemed to have noticed anything. 

Did you see me take that banshee? shouted 
Seamus. 

And the hand! said Dean, waving his own around. 
And Snape in that hat! 

And my mummy! 

I wonder why Professor Lupins frightened of crystal 
balls? said Lavender thoughtfully. 

That was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts 
lesson weve ever had, wasnt it? said Ron excitedly 
as they made their way back to the classroom to get 
their bags. 

He seems like a very good teacher, said Hermione 
approvingly. But I wish I could have had a turn with 
the boggart   

What would it have been for you? said Ron, 
sniggering. A piece of homework that only got nine 
out of ten? 



  155 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




d 




FLIGHT OF THE FAT LADY 

In no time at all, Defense Against the Dark Arts had 
become most peoples favorite class. Only Draco 
Malfoy and his gang of Slytherins had anything bad to 
say about Professor Lupin. 

Look at the state of his robes, Malfoy would say in a 
loud whisper as Professor Lupin passed. He dresses 
like our old houseelf. 

But no one else cared that Professor Lupins robes 
were patched and frayed. His next few lessons were 
just as interesting as the first. After boggarts, they 
studied Red Caps, nasty little goblinlike creatures 
that lurked wherever there had been bloodshed: in 
the dungeons of castles and the potholes of deserted 
battlefields, waiting to bludgeon those who had gotten 
lost. From Red Caps they moved on to kappas, creepy 
waterdwellers that looked like scaly monkeys, with 
webbed hands itching to strangle unwitting waders in 
their ponds. 

Harry only wished he was as happy with some of his 
other classes. Worst of all was Potions. Snape was in 

  156 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



a particularly vindictive mood these days, and no one 
was in any doubt why. The story of the boggart 
assuming Snapes shape, and the way that Neville 
had dressed it in his grandmothers clothes, had 
traveled through the school like wildfire. Snape didnt 
seem to find it funny. His eyes flashed menacingly at 
the very mention of Professor Lupins name, and he 
was bullying Neville worse than ever. 

Harry was also growing to dread the hours he spent 
in Professor Trelawneys stifling tower room, 
deciphering lopsided shapes and symbols, trying to 
ignore the way Professor Trelawneys enormous eyes 
filled with tears every time she looked at him. He 
couldnt like Professor Trelawney, even though she 
was treated with respect bordering on reverence by 
many of the class. Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown 
had taken to haunting Professor Trelawneys tower 
room at lunchtimes, and always returned with 
annoyingly superior looks on their faces, as though 
they knew things the others didnt. They had also 
started using hushed voices whenever they spoke to 
Harry, as though he were on his deathbed. 

Nobody really liked Care of Magical Creatures, which, 
after the actionpacked first class, had become 
extremely dull. Hagrid seemed to have lost his 
confidence. They were now spending lesson after 
lesson learning how to look after flobberworms, which 
had to be some of the most boring creatures in 
existence. 

Why would anyone bother looking after them? said 
Ron, after yet another hour of poking shredded 
lettuce down the flobberworms slimy throats. 

At the start of October, however, Harry had 
something else to occupy him, something so enjoyable 
it more than made up for his unsatisfactory classes. 

  157 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The Quidditch season was approaching, and Oliver 
Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team, called a 
meeting one Thursday evening to discuss tactics for 
the new season. 

There were seven people on a Quidditch team: three 
Chasers, whose job it was to score goals by putting 
the Quaffle (a red, soccersized ball) through one of 
the fiftyfoothigh hoops at each end of the field; two 
Beaters, who were equipped with heavy bats to repel 
the Bludgers (two heavy black balls that zoomed 
around trying to attack the players); a Keeper, who 
defended the goal posts, and the Seeker, who had the 
hardest job of all, that of catching the Golden Snitch, 
a tiny, winged, walnutsized ball, whose capture 
ended the game and earned the Seekers team an 
extra one hundred and fifty points. 

Oliver Wood was a burly seventeenyearold, now in 
his seventh and final year at Hogwarts. There was a 
quiet sort of desperation in his voice as he addressed 
his six fellow team members in the chilly locker rooms 
on the edge of the darkening Quidditch field. 

This is our last chance  my last chance  to win 
the Quidditch Cup, he told them, striding up and 
down in front of them. Ill be leaving at the end of 
this year. Ill never get another shot at it. 

Gryffindor hasnt won for seven years now. Okay, so 
weve had the worst luck in the world  injuries  
then the tournament getting called off last year. ... 
Wood swallowed, as though the memory still brought 
a lump to his throat. But we also know weve got the 
best  ruddy  team  in  the  school, he said, 
punching a fist into his other hand, the old manic 
glint back in his eye. 

Weve got three superb Chasers. 

  158 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Wood pointed at Alicia Spinnet, Angelina Johnson, 
and Katie Bell. 

Weve got two unbeatable Beaters. 

Stop it, Oliver, youre embarrassing us, said Fred 
and George Weasley together, pretending to blush. 

And weve got a Seeker who has never failed to win 
us a match). Wood rumbled, glaring at Harry with a 
kind of furious pride. And me, he added as an 
afterthought. 

We think youre very good too, Oliver, said George. 

Spanking good Keeper, said Fred. 

The point is, Wood went on, resuming his pacing, 
the Quidditch Cup should have had our name on it 
these last two years. Ever since Harry joined the 
team, Ive thought the thing was in the bag. But we 
havent got it, and this years the last chance well get 
to finally see our name on the thing. ... 

Wood spoke so dejectedly that even Fred and George 
looked sympathetic. 

Oliver, this years our year, said Fred. 

Well do it, Oliver! said Angelina. 

Definitely, said Harry. 

Full of determination, the team started training 
sessions, three evenings a week. The weather was 
getting colder and wetter, the nights darker, but no 
amount of mud, wind, or rain could tarnish Harrys 
wonderful vision of finally winning the huge, silver 
Quidditch Cup. 

  159 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room one 
evening after training, cold and stiff but pleased with 
the way practice had gone, to find the room buzzing 
excitedly. 

Whats happened? he asked Ron and Hermione, 
who were sitting in two of the best chairs by the 
fireside and completing some star charts for 
Astronomy. 

First Hogsmeade weekend, said Ron, pointing at a 
notice that had appeared on the battered old bulletin 
board. End of October. Halloween. 

Excellent, said Fred, who had followed Harry 
through the portrait hole. I need to visit Zonkos. Im 
nearly out of Stink Pellets. 

Harry threw himself into a chair beside Ron, his high 
spirits ebbing away. Hermione seemed to read his 
mind. 

Harry, Im sure youll be able to go next time, she 
said. Theyre bound to catch Black soon. Hes been 
sighted once already 

Blacks not fool enough to try anything in 
Hogsmeade, said Ron. Ask McGonagall if you can go 
this time, Harry. The next one might not be for ages 



Ron\ said Hermione. Harrys supposed to stay in 
school   

He cant be the only third year left behind, said Ron. 
Ask McGonagall, go on, Harry   

Yeah, I think I will, said Harry, making up his mind. 



  160 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione opened her mouth to argue, but at that 
moment Crookshanks leapt lightly onto her lap. A 
large, dead spider was dangling from his mouth. 

Does he have to eat that in front of us? said Ron, 
scowling. 

Clever Crookshanks, did you catch that all by 
yourself? said Hermione. 

Crookshanks slowly chewed up the spider, his yellow 
eyes fixed insolently on Ron. 

Just keep him over there, thats all, said Ron 
irritably, turning back to his star chart. Ive got 
Scabbers asleep in my bag. 

Harry yawned. He really wanted to go to bed, but he 
still had his own star chart to complete. He pulled his 
bag toward him, took out parchment, ink, and quill, 
and started work. 

You can copy mine, if you like, said Ron, labeling 
his last star with a flourish and shoving the chart 
toward Harry. 

Hermione, who disapproved of copying, pursed her 
lips but didnt say anything. Crookshanks was still 
staring unblinkingly at Ron, flicking the end of his 
bushy tail. Then, without warning, he pounced. 

OY! Ron roared, seizing his bag as Crookshanks 
sank four sets of claws deep inside it and began 
tearing ferociously. GET OFF, YOU STUPID ANIMAL! 

Ron tried to pull the bag away from Crookshanks, but 
Crookshanks clung on, spitting and slashing. 



  161 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron, dont hurt him! squealed Hermione; the whole 
common room was watching; Ron whirled the bag 
around, Crookshanks still clinging to it, and Scabbers 
came flying out of the top  

CATCH THAT CAT! Ron yelled as Crookshanks freed 
himself from the remnants of the bag, sprang over the 
table, and chased after the terrified Scabbers. 

George Weasley made a lunge for Crookshanks but 
missed; Scabbers streaked through twenty pairs of 
legs and shot beneath an old chest of drawers. 
Crookshanks skidded to a halt, crouched low on his 
bandy legs, and started making furious swipes 
beneath it with his front paw. 

Ron and Hermione hurried over; Hermione grabbed 
Crookshanks around the middle and heaved him 
away; Ron threw himself onto his stomach and, with 
great difficulty, pulled Scabbers out by the tail. 

Look at him! he said furiously to Hermione, 
dangling Scabbers in front of her. Hes skin and 
bone! You keep that cat away from him! 

Crookshanks doesnt understand its wrong! said 
Hermione, her voice shaking. All cats chase rats, 
Ron! 

Theres something funny about that animal! said 
Ron, who was trying to persuade a frantically wiggling 
Scabbers back into his pocket. It heard me say that 
Scabbers was in my bag! 

Oh, what rubbish, said Hermione impatiently. 
Crookshanks could smell him, Ron, how else dyou 
think   



  162 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




That cats got it in for Scabbers! said Ron, ignoring 
the people around him, who were starting to giggle. 
And Scabbers was here first, and hes ill! 

Ron marched through the common room and out of 
sight up the stairs to the boys dormitories. 

Ron was still in a bad mood with Hermione next day. 
He barely talked to her all through Herbology, even 
though he, Harry, and Hermione were working 
together on the same puffapod. 

Hows Scabbers? Hermione asked timidly as they 
stripped fat pink pods from the plants and emptied 
the shining beans into a wooden pail. 

Hes hiding at the bottom of my bed, shaking, said 
Ron angrily, missing the pail and scattering beans 
over the greenhouse floor. 

Careful, Weasley, careful! cried Professor Sprout as 
the beans burst into bloom before their very eyes. 

They had Transfiguration next. Harry, who had 
resolved to ask Professor McGonagall after the lesson 
whether he could go into Hogsmeade with the rest, 
joined the line outside the class trying to decide how 
he was going to argue his case. He was distracted, 
however, by a disturbance at the front of the line. 

Lavender Brown seemed to be crying. Parvati had her 
arm around her and was explaining something to 
Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were 
looking very serious. 

Whats the matter, Lavender? said Hermione 
anxiously as she, Harry, and Ron went to join the 
group. 



  163 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




She got a letter from home this morning, Parvati 
whispered. Its her rabbit, Binky. Hes been killed by 
a fox. 

Oh, said Hermione, Im sorry, Lavender. 

I should have known! said Lavender tragically. You 
know what day it is? 

Er   



The sixteenth of October! That thing youre dreading, 
it will happen on the sixteenth of October! 
Remember? She was right, she was right! 

The whole class was gathered around Lavender now. 
Seamus shook his head seriously. Hermione 
hesitated; then she said, You  you were dreading 
Binky being killed by a fox? 

Well, not necessarily by a fox, said Lavender, 
looking up at Hermione with streaming eyes, but I 
was obviously dreading him dying, wasnt I? 

Oh, said Hermione. She paused again. Then  

Was Binky an old rabbit? 

N  no! sobbed Lavender. H  he was only a 
baby! 

Parvati tightened her arm around Lavenders 
shoulders. 

But then, why would you dread him dying? said 
Hermione. 

Parvati glared at her. 



  164 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well, look at it logically, said Hermione, turning to 
the rest of the group. I mean, Binky didnt even die 
today, did he? Lavender just got the news today   
Lavender wailed loudly.   and she cant have been 
dreading it, because its come as a real shock   

Dont mind Hermione, Lavender, said Ron loudly, 
she doesnt think other peoples pets matter very 
much. 

Professor McGonagall opened the classroom door at 
that moment, which was perhaps lucky; Hermione 
and Ron were looking daggers at each other, and 
when they got into class, they seated themselves on 
either side of Harry and didnt talk to each other for 
the whole class. 

Harry still hadnt decided what he was going to say to 
Professor McGonagall when the bell rang at the end of 
the lesson, but it was she who brought up the subject 
of Hogsmeade first. 

One moment, please! she called as the class made 
to leave. As youre all in my House, you should hand 
Hogsmeade permission forms to me before Halloween. 
No form, no visiting the village, so dont forget! 

Neville put up his hand. 

Please, Professor, I  I think Ive lost   

Your grandmother sent yours to me directly, 
Longbottom, said Professor McGonagall. She 
seemed to think it was safer. Well, thats all, you may 
leave. 

Ask her now, Ron hissed at Harry. 

Oh, but   Hermione began. 

  165 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Go for it, Harry, said Ron stubbornly. 

Harry waited for the rest of the class to disappear, 
then headed nervously for Professor McGonagalls 
desk. 

Yes, Potter? 

Harry took a deep breath. 

Professor, my aunt and uncle  er  forgot to sign 
my form, he said. 

Professor McGonagall looked over her square 
spectacles at him but didnt say anything. 

So  er  dyou think it would be all right  I 
mean, will it be okay if I  if I go to Hogsmeade? 

Professor McGonagall looked down and began 
shuffling papers on her desk. 

Im afraid not, Potter, she said. You heard what I 
said. No form, no visiting the village. Thats the rule. 

But  Professor, my aunt and uncle  you know, 
theyre Muggles, they dont really understand about 
 about Hogwarts forms and stuff, Harry said, while 
Ron egged him on with vigorous nods. If you said I 
could go   

But I dont say so, said Professor McGonagall, 
standing up and piling her papers neatly into a 
drawer. The form clearly states that the parent or 
guardian must give permission. She turned to look at 
him, with an odd expression on her face. Was it pity? 
Im sorry, Potter, but thats my final word. You had 
better hurry, or youll be late for your next lesson. 



  166 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




There was nothing to be done. Ron called Professor 
McGonagall a lot of names that greatly annoyed 
Hermione; Hermione assumed an allforthebest 
expression that made Ron even angrier, and Harry 
had to endure everyone in the class talking loudly 
and happily about what they were going to do first, 
once they got into Hogsmeade. 

Theres always the feast, said Ron, in an effort to 
cheer Harry up. You know, the Halloween feast, in 
the evening. 

Yeah, said Harry gloomily, great. 

The Halloween feast was always good, but it would 
taste a lot better if he was coming to it after a day in 
Hogsmeade with everyone else. Nothing anyone said 
made him feel any better about being left behind. 
Dean Thomas, who was good with a quill, had offered 
to forge Uncle Vernons signature on the form, but as 
Harry had already told Professor McGonagall he 
hadnt had it signed, that was no good. Ron 
halfheartedly suggested the Invisibility Cloak, but 
Hermione stamped on that one, reminding Ron what 
Dumbledore had told them about the dementors 
being able to see through them. Percy had what were 
possibly the least helpful words of comfort. 

They make a fuss about Hogsmeade, but I assure 
you, Harry, its not all its cracked up to be, he said 
seriously. All right, the sweetshops rather good, and 
Zonkos Joke Shops frankly dangerous, and yes, the 
Shrieking Shacks always worth a visit, but really, 
Harry, apart from that, youre not missing anything. 

On Halloween morning, Harry awoke with the rest 
and went down to breakfast, feeling thoroughly 
depressed, though doing his best to act normally. 



  167 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well bring you lots of sweets back from 
Honeydukes, said Hermione, looking desperately 
sorry for him. 

Yeah, loads, said Ron. He and Hermione had finally 
forgotten their squabble about Crookshanks in the 
face of Harrys difficulties. 

Dont worry about me, said Harry, in what he hoped 
was an offhand voice, Ill see you at the feast. Have a 
good time. 

He accompanied them to the entrance hall, where 
Filch, the caretaker, was standing inside the front 
doors, checking off names against a long list, peering 
suspiciously into every face, and making sure that no 
one was sneaking out who shouldnt be going. 

Staying here, Potter? shouted Malfoy, who was 
standing in line with Crabbe and Goyle. Scared of 
passing the dementors? 

Harry ignored him and made his solitary way up the 
marble staircase, through the deserted corridors, and 
back to Gryffindor Tower. 

Password? said the Fat Lady, jerking out of a doze. 

Fortuna Major, said Harry listlessly. 

The portrait swung open and he climbed through the 
hole into the common room. It was full of chattering 
first and second years, and a few older students, who 
had obviously visited Hogsmeade so often the novelty 
had worn off. 

Harry! Harry! Hi, Harry! 



  168 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It was Colin Creevey, a second year who was deeply in 
awe of Harry and never missed an opportunity to 
speak to him. 

Arent you going to Hogsmeade, Harry? Why not? 
Hey  Colin looked eagerly around at his friends  
you can come and sit with us, if you like, Harry! 

Er  no, thanks, Colin, said Harry, who wasnt in 
the mood to have a lot of people staring avidly at the 
scar on his forehead. I  Ive got to go to the library, 
got to get some work done. 

After that, he had no choice but to turn right around 
and head back out of the portrait hole again. 

What was the point waking me up? the Fat Lady 
called grumpily after him as he walked away. 

Harry wandered dispiritedly toward the library, but 
halfway there he changed his mind; he didnt feel like 
working. He turned around and came facetoface 
with Filch, who had obviously just seen off the last of 
the Hogsmeade visitors. 

What are you doing? Filch snarled suspiciously. 

Nothing, said Harry truthfully. 

Nothing! spat Filch, his jowls quivering 
unpleasantly. A likely story! Sneaking around on 
your own  why arent you in Hogsmeade buying 
Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms 
like the rest of your nasty little friends? 

Harry shrugged. 



  169 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well, get back to your common room where you 
belong! snapped Filch, and he stood glaring until 
Harry had passed out of sight. 

But Harry didnt go back to the common room; he 
climbed a staircase, thinking vaguely of visiting the 
Owlery to see Hedwig, and was walking along another 
corridor when a voice from inside one of the rooms 
said, Harry? 

Harry doubled back to see who had spoken and met 
Professor Lupin, looking around his office door. 

What are you doing? said Lupin, though in a very 
different voice from Filch. Where are Ron and 
Hermione? 

Hogsmeade, said Harry, in a wouldbe casual voice. 

Ah, said Lupin. He considered Harry for a moment. 
Why dont you come in? Ive just taken delivery of a 
grindylow for our next lesson. 

A what? said Harry. 

He followed Lupin into his office. In the corner stood a 
very large tank of water. A sickly green creature with 
sharp little horns had its face pressed against the 
glass, pulling faces and flexing its long, spindly 
fingers. 

Water demon, said Lupin, surveying the grindylow 
thoughtfully. We shouldnt have much difficulty with 
him, not after the kappas. The trick is to break his 
grip. You notice the abnormally long fingers? Strong, 
but very brittle. 

The grindylow bared its green teeth and then buried 
itself in a tangle of weeds in a corner. 

  170 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Cup of tea? Lupin said, looking around for his 
kettle. I was just thinking of making one. 

All right, said Harry awkwardly. 

Lupin tapped the kettle with his wand and a blast of 
steam issued suddenly from the spout. 

Sit down, said Lupin, taking the lid off a dusty tin. 
Ive only got teabags, Im afraid  but I daresay 
youve had enough of tea leaves? 

Harry looked at him. Lupins eyes were twinkling. 

How did you know about that? Harry asked. 

Professor McGonagall told me, said Lupin, passing 
Harry a chipped mug of tea. Youre not worried, are 
you? 

No, said Harry. 

He thought for a moment of telling Lupin about the 
dog hed seen in Magnolia Crescent but decided not 
to. He didnt want Lupin to think he was a coward, 
especially since Lupin already seemed to think he 
couldnt cope with a boggart. 

Something of Harrys thoughts seemed to have shown 
on his face, because Lupin said, Anything worrying 
you, Harry? 

No, Harry lied. He drank a bit of tea and watched 
the grindylow brandishing a fist at him. Yes, he said 
suddenly, putting his tea down on Lupins desk. You 
know that day we fought the boggart? 

Yes, said Lupin slowly. 



  171 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Why didnt you let me fight it? said Harry abruptly. 
Lupin raised his eyebrows. 

I would have thought that was obvious, Harry, he 
said, sounding surprised. 

Harry, who had expected Lupin to deny that hed 
done any such thing, was taken aback. 

Why? he said again. 

Well, said Lupin, frowning slightly, I assumed that 
if the boggart faced you, it would assume the shape of 
Lord Voldemort. 

Harry stared. Not only was this the last answer hed 
expected, but Lupin had said Voldemort s name. The 
only person Harry had ever heard say the name aloud 
(apart from himself) was Professor Dumbledore. 

Clearly, I was wrong, said Lupin, still frowning at 
Harry. But I didnt think it a good idea for Lord 
Voldemort to materialize in the staffroom. I imagined 
that people would panic. 

I didnt think of Voldemort, said Harry honestly. I 
 I remembered those dementors. 

I see, said Lupin thoughtfully. Well, well ... Im 
impressed. He smiled slightly at the look of surprise 
on Harrys face. That suggests that what you fear 
most of all is  fear. Very wise, Harry. 

Harry didnt know what to say to that, so he drank 
some more tea. 

So youve been thinking that I didnt believe you 
capable of fighting the boggart? said Lupin shrewdly. 

  172 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well ... yeah, said Harry. He was suddenly feeling a 
lot happier. Professor Lupin, you know the 
dementors   

He was interrupted by a knock on the door. 

Come in, called Lupin. 

The door opened, and in came Snape. He was 
carrying a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and 
stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes 
narrowing. 

Ah, Severus, said Lupin, smiling. Thanks very 
much. Could you leave it here on the desk for me? 

Snape set down the smoking goblet, his eyes 
wandering between Harry and Lupin. 

I was just showing Harry my grindylow, said Lupin 
pleasantly, pointing at the tank. 

Fascinating, said Snape, without looking at it. You 
should drink that directly, Lupin. 

Yes, yes, I will, said Lupin. 

I made an entire cauldronful, Snape continued. If 
you need more. 

I should probably take some again tomorrow. Thanks 
very much, Severus. 

Not at all, said Snape, but there was a look in his 
eye Harry didnt like. He backed out of the room, 
unsmiling and watchful. 

Harry looked curiously at the goblet. Lupin smiled. 



  173 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Professor Snape has very kindly concocted a potion 
for me, he said. I have never been much of a potion 
brewer and this one is particularly complex. He 
picked up the goblet and sniffed it. Pity sugar makes 
it useless, he added, taking a sip and shuddering. 

Why  ? Harry began. Lupin looked at him and 
answered the unfinished question. 

Ive been feeling a bit offcolor, he said. This potion 
is the only thing that helps. I am very lucky to be 
working alongside Professor Snape; there arent many 
wizards who are up to making it. 

Professor Lupin took another sip and Harry had a 
crazy urge to knock the goblet out of his hands. 

Professor Snapes very interested in the Dark Arts, 
he blurted out. 

Really? said Lupin, looking only mildly interested as 
he took another gulp of potion. 

Some people reckon   Harry hesitated, then 
plunged recklessly on, some people reckon hed do 
anything to get the Defense Against the Dark Arts 
job. 

Lupin drained the goblet and pulled a face. 

Disgusting, he said. Well, Harry, Id better get back 
to work. Ill see you at the feast later. 

Right, said Harry, putting down his empty teacup. 

The empty goblet was still smoking. 

There you go, said Ron. We got as much as we 
could carry. 

  174 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




A shower of brilliantly colored sweets fell into Harrys 
lap. It was dusk, and Ron and Hermione had just 
turned up in the common room, pinkfaced from the 
cold wind and looking as though theyd had the time 
of their lives. 

Thanks, said Harry, picking up a packet of tiny 
black Pepper Imps. Whats Hogsmeade like? Where 
did you go? 

By the sound of it  everywhere. Dervish and 
Banges, the wizarding equipment shop, Zonkos Joke 
Shop, into the Three Broomsticks for foaming mugs of 
hot butterbeer, and many places besides. 

The post office, Harry! About two hundred owls, all 
sitting on shelves, all colorcoded depending on how 
fast you want your letter to get there! 

Honeydukes has got a new kind of fudge; they were 
giving out free samples, theres a bit, look   

We think we saw an ogre, honestly, they get all sorts 
at the Three Broomsticks   

Wish we could have brought you some butterbeer, 
really warms you up   

What did you do? said Hermione, looking anxious. 
Did you get any work done? 

No, said Harry. Lupin made me a cup of tea in his 
office. And then Snape came in. ... 

He told them all about the goblet. Rons mouth fell 
open. 

 Lupin drank it? he gasped. Is he mad? 



  175 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione checked her watch. 



Wed better go down, you know, the feastll be 
starting in five minutes. ... They hurried through the 
portrait hole and into the crowd, still discussing 
Snape. 

But if he  you know  Hermione dropped her 
voice, glancing nervously around  if he was trying 
to  to poison Lupin  he wouldnt have done it in 
front of Harry. 

Yeah, maybe, said Harry as they reached the 
entrance hall and crossed into the Great Hall. It had 
been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of 
candlefilled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats, 
and many flaming orange streamers, which were 
swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant 
watersnakes. 

The food was delicious; even Hermione and Ron, who 
were full to bursting with Honeydukes sweets, 
managed second helpings of everything. Harry kept 
glancing at the staff table. Professor Lupin looked 
cheerful and as well as he ever did; he was talking 
animatedly to tiny little Professor Flitwick, the 
Charms teacher. Harry moved his eyes along the 
table, to the place where Snape sat. Was he imagining 
it, or were Snape s eyes flickering toward Lupin more 
often than was natural? 

The feast finished with an entertainment provided by 
the Hogwarts ghosts. They popped out of the walls 
and tables to do a bit of formation gliding; Nearly 
Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had a great 
success with a reenactment of his own botched 
beheading. 



  176 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It had been such a pleasant evening that Harrys good 
mood couldnt even be spoiled by Malfoy, who 
shouted through the crowd as they all left the hall, 
The dementors send their love, Potter! 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the 
Gryffindors along the usual path to Gryffindor Tower, 
but when they reached the corridor that ended with 
the portrait of the Fat Lady, they found it jammed 
with students. 

Why isnt anyone going in? said Ron curiously. 

Harry peered over the heads in front of him. The 
portrait seemed to be closed. 

Let me through, please, came Percys voice, and he 
came bustling importantly through the crowd. 

Whats the holdup here? You cant all have forgotten 
the password  excuse me, Im Head Boy   

And then a silence fell over the crowd, from the front 
first, so that a chill seemed to spread down the 
corridor. They heard Percy say, in a suddenly sharp 
voice, Somebody get Professor Dumbledore. Quick. 

Peoples heads turned; those at the back were 
standing on tiptoe. 

Whats going on? said Ginny, who had just arrived. 

A moment later, Professor Dumbledore was there, 
sweeping toward the portrait; the Gryffindors 
squeezed together to let him through, and Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione moved closer to see what the trouble 
was. 

Oh, my   Hermione grabbed Harrys arm. 



  177 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The Fat Lady had vanished from her portrait, which 
had been slashed so viciously that strips of canvas 
littered the floor; great chunks of it had been torn 
away completely. 

Dumbledore took one quick look at the ruined 
painting and turned, his eyes somber, to see 
Professors McGonagall, Lupin, and Snape hurrying 
toward him. 

We need to find her, said Dumbledore. Professor 
McGonagall, please go to Mr. Filch at once and tell 
him to search every painting in the castle for the Fat 
Lady. 

Youll be lucky! said a cackling voice. 

It was Peeves the Poltergeist, bobbing over the crowd 
and looking delighted, as he always did, at the sight 
of wreckage or worry. 

What do you mean, Peeves? said Dumbledore 
calmly, and Peevess grin faded a little. He didnt dare 
taunt Dumbledore. Instead he adopted an oily voice 
that was no better than his cackle. 

Ashamed, Your Headship, sir. Doesnt want to be 
seen. Shes a horrible mess. Saw her running through 
the landscape up on the fourth floor, sir, dodging 
between the trees. Crying something dreadful, he 
said happily. Poor thing, he added unconvincingly. 

Did she say who did it? said Dumbledore quietly. 

Oh yes, Professorhead, said Peeves, with the air of 
one cradling a large bombshell in his arms. He got 
very angry when she wouldnt let him in, you see. 
Peeves flipped over and grinned at Dumbledore from 



  178 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




between his own legs. Nasty temper hes got, that 
Sirius Black. 



  179 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




9 




GRIM DEFEAT 

Professor Dumbledore sent all the Gryffindors back to 
the Great Hall, where they were joined ten minutes 
later by the students from Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and 
Slytherin, who all looked extremely confused. 

The teachers and I need to conduct a thorough 
search of the castle, Professor Dumbledore told them 
as Professors McGonagall and Flitwick closed all 
doors into the hall. Im afraid that, for your own 
safety, you will have to spend the night here. I want 
the prefects to stand guard over the entrances to the 
hall and I am leaving the Head Boy and Girl in 
charge. Any disturbance should be reported to me 
immediately, he added to Percy, who was looking 
immensely proud and important. Send word with one 
of the ghosts. 

Professor Dumbledore paused, about to leave the hall, 
and said, Oh, yes, youll be needing ... 

One casual wave of his wand and the long tables flew 
to the edges of the hall and stood themselves against 

  180 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



the walls; another wave, and the floor was covered 
with hundreds of squashy purple sleeping bags. 

Sleep well, said Professor Dumbledore, closing the 
door behind him. 

The hall immediately began to buzz excitedly; the 
Gryffindors were telling the rest of the school what 
had just happened. 

Everyone into their sleeping bags! shouted Percy. 
Come on, now, no more talking! Lights out in ten 
minutes! 

Cmon, Ron said to Harry and Hermione; they seized 
three sleeping bags and dragged them into a corner. 

Do you think Blacks still in the castle? Hermione 
whispered anxiously. 

Dumbledore obviously thinks he might be, said Ron. 

Its very lucky he picked tonight, you know, said 
Hermione as they climbed fully dressed into their 
sleeping bags and propped themselves on their elbows 
to talk. The one night we werent in the tower. ... 

I reckon hes lost track of time, being on the run, 
said Ron. Didnt realize it was Halloween. Otherwise 
hed have come bursting in here. 

Hermione shuddered. 

All around them, people were asking one another the 
same question: How did he get in? 

Maybe he knows how to Apparate, said a Ravenclaw 
a few feet away. Just appear out of thin air, you 
know. 

  181 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Disguised himself, probably, said a Hufflepuff fifth 
year. 

He couldve flown in, suggested Dean Thomas. 

Honestly, am I the only person whos ever bothered 
to read Hogwarts, A History? said Hermione crossly 
to Harry and Ron. 

Probably, said Ron. Why? 

Because the castles protected by more than walls, 
you know, said Hermione. There are all sorts of 
enchantments on it, to stop people entering by 
stealth. You cant just Apparate in here. And Id like 
to see the disguise that could fool those dementors. 
Theyre guarding every single entrance to the 
grounds. Theyd have seen him fly in too. And Filch 
knows all the secret passages, theyll have them 
covered. ... 

The lights are going out now! Percy shouted. I want 
everyone in their sleeping bags and no more talking! 

The candles all went out at once. The only light now 
came from the silvery ghosts, who were drifting about 
talking seriously to the prefects, and the enchanted 
ceiling, which, like the sky outside, was scattered 
with stars. What with that, and the whispering that 
still filled the hall, Harry felt as though he were 
sleeping outdoors in a light wind. 

Once every hour, a teacher would reappear in the hall 
to check that everything was quiet. Around three in 
the morning, when many students had finally fallen 
asleep, Professor Dumbledore came in. Harry watched 
him looking around for Percy, who had been prowling 
between the sleeping bags, telling people off for 
talking. Percy was only a short way away from Harry, 
  182 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron, and Hermione, who quickly pretended to be 
asleep as Dumbledores footsteps drew nearer. 

Any sign of him, Professor? asked Percy in a 
whisper. 

No. All well here? 

Everything under control, sir. 

Good. Theres no point moving them all now. Ive 
found a temporary guardian for the Gryffindor 
portrait hole. Youll be able to move them back in 
tomorrow. 

And the Fat Lady, sir? 

Hiding in a map of Argyllshire on the second floor. 
Apparently she refused to let Black in without the 
password, so he attacked. Shes still very distressed, 
but once shes calmed down, Ill have Mr. Filch 
restore her. 

Harry heard the door of the hall creak open again, 
and more footsteps. 

Headmaster? It was Snape. Harry kept quite still, 
listening hard. The whole of the third floor has been 
searched. Hes not there. And Filch has done the 
dungeons; nothing there either. 

What about the Astronomy tower? Professor 
Trelawneys room? The Owlery? 

All searched ... 

Very well, Severus. I didnt really expect Black to 
linger. 



  183 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Have you any theory as to how he got in, Professor? 
asked Snape. 

Harry raised his head very slightly off his arms to free 
his other ear. 

Many, Severus, each of them as unlikely as the 
next. 

Harry opened his eyes a fraction and squinted up to 
where they stood; Dumbledore s back was to him, but 
he could see Percys face, rapt with attention, and 
Snape s profile, which looked angry. 

You remember the conversation we had, 

Headmaster, just before  ah  the start of term? 
said Snape, who was barely opening his lips, as 
though trying to block Percy out of the conversation. 

I do, Severus, said Dumbledore, and there was 
something like warning in his voice. 

It seems  almost impossible  that Black could 
have entered the school without inside help. I did 
express my concerns when you appointed   

I do not believe a single person inside this castle 
would have helped Black enter it, said Dumbledore, 
and his tone made it so clear that the subject was 
closed that Snape didnt reply. I must go down to the 
dementors, said Dumbledore. I said I would inform 
them when our search was complete. 

Didnt they want to help, sir? said Percy. 

Oh yes, said Dumbledore coldly. But Im afraid no 
dementor will cross the threshold of this castle while I 
am headmaster. 



  184 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Percy looked slightly abashed. Dumbledore left the 
hall, walking quickly and quietly. Snape stood for a 
moment, watching the headmaster with an expression 
of deep resentment on his face; then he too left. 

Harry glanced sideways at Ron and Hermione. Both of 
them had their eyes open too, reflecting the starry 
ceiling. 

What was all that about? Ron mouthed. 

The school talked of nothing but Sirius Black for the 
next few days. The theories about how he had entered 
the castle became wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, 
from Hufflepuff, spent much of their next Herbology 
class telling anyone whod listen that Black could 
turn into a flowering shrub. 

The Fat Ladys ripped canvas had been taken off the 
wall and replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan 
and his fat gray pony. Nobody was very happy about 
this. Sir Cadogan spent half his time challenging 
people to duels, and the rest thinking up ridiculously 
complicated passwords, which he changed at least 
twice a day. 

Hes a complete lunatic, said Seamus Finnigan 
angrily to Percy. Cant we get anyone else? 

None of the other pictures wanted the job, said 
Percy. Frightened of what happened to the Fat Lady. 
Sir Cadogan was the only one brave enough to 
volunteer. 

Sir Cadogan, however, was the least of Harrys 
worries. He was now being closely watched. Teachers 
found excuses to walk along corridors with him, and 
Percy Weasley (acting, Harry suspected, on his 
mothers orders) was tailing him everywhere like an 
  185 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




extremely pompous guard dog. To cap it all, Professor 
McGonagall summoned Harry into her office, with 
such a somber expression on her face Harry thought 
someone must have died. 

Theres no point hiding it from you any longer, 
Potter, she said in a very serious voice. I know this 
will come as a shock to you, but Sirius Black   

I know hes after me, said Harry wearily. I heard 
Rons dad telling his mum. Mr. Weasley works for the 
Ministry of Magic. 

Professor McGonagall seemed very taken aback. She 
stared at Harry for a moment or two, then said, I see! 
Well, in that case, Potter, youll understand why I 
dont think its a good idea for you to be practicing 
Quidditch in the evenings. Out on the field with only 
your team members, its very exposed, Potter   

Weve got our first match on Saturday! said Harry, 
outraged. Ive got to train, Professor! 

Professor McGonagall considered him intently. Harry 
knew she was deeply interested in the Gryffindor 
teams prospects; it had been she, after all, whod 
suggested him as Seeker in the first place. He waited, 
holding his breath. 

Hmm ... Professor McGonagall stood up and stared 
out of the window at the Quidditch field, just visible 
through the rain. Well ... goodness knows, Id like to 
see us win the Cup at last ... but all the same, Potter 
... Id be happier if a teacher were present. Ill ask 
Madam Hooch to oversee your training sessions. 

The weather worsened steadily as the first Quidditch 
match drew nearer. Undaunted, the Gryffindor team 
was training harder than ever under the eye of 

  186 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Madam Hooch. Then, at their final training session 
before Saturdays match, Oliver Wood gave his team 
some unwelcome news. 

Were not playing Slytherin! he told them, looking 
very angry. Flints just been to see me. Were playing 
Hufflepuff instead. 

Why? chorused the rest of the team. 

Flints excuse is that their Seekers arms still 
injured, said Wood, grinding his teeth furiously. But 
its obvious why theyre doing it. Dont want to play in 
this weather. Think itll damage their chances. ... 

There had been strong winds and heavy rain all day, 
and as Wood spoke, they heard a distant rumble of 
thunder. 

Theres nothing wrong with Malfoys arm! said Harry 
furiously. Hes faking it! 

I know that, but we cant prove it, said Wood 
bitterly. And weve been practicing all those moves 
assuming were playing Slytherin, and instead its 
Hufflepuff, and their styles quite different. Theyve got 
a new Captain and Seeker, Cedric Diggory   

Angelina, Alicia, and Katie suddenly giggled. 

What? said Wood, frowning at this lighthearted 
behavior. 

Hes that tall, goodlooking one, isnt he? said 
Angelina. 

Strong and silent, said Katie, and they started to 
giggle again. 



  187 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hes only silent because hes too thick to string two 
words together, said Fred impatiently. I dont know 
why youre worried, Oliver, Hufflepuff is a pushover. 
Last time we played them, Harry caught the Snitch in 
about five minutes, remember? 

We were playing in completely different conditions! 
Wood shouted, his eyes bulging slightly. Diggorys 
put a very strong side together! Hes an excellent 
Seeker! I was afraid youd take it like this! We mustnt 
relax! We must keep our focus! Slytherin is trying to 
wrongfoot us! We must win! 

Oliver, calm down! said Fred, looking slightly 
alarmed. Were taking Hufflepuff very seriously. 
Seriously. 

The day before the match, the winds reached howling 
point and the rain fell harder than ever. It was so 
dark inside the corridors and classrooms that extra 
torches and lanterns were lit. The Slytherin team was 
looking very smug indeed, and none more so than 
Malfoy. 

Ah, if only my arm was feeling a bit better! he sighed 
as the gale outside pounded the windows. 

Harry had no room in his head to worry about 
anything except the match tomorrow. Oliver Wood 
kept hurrying up to him between classes and giving 
him tips. The third time this happened, Wood talked 
for so long that Harry suddenly realized he was ten 
minutes late for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and 
set off at a run with Wood shouting after him, 
Diggorys got a very fast swerve, Harry, so you might 
want to try looping him   



  188 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry skidded to a halt outside the Defense Against 
the Dark Arts classroom, pulled the door open, and 
dashed inside. 

Sorry Im late, Professor Lupin, I   

But it wasnt Professor Lupin who looked up at him 
from the teachers desk; it was Snape. 

This lesson began ten minutes ago, Potter, so I think 
well make it ten points from Gryffindor. Sit down. 

But Harry didnt move. 

Wheres Professor Lupin? he said. 

He says he is feeling too ill to teach today, said 
Snape with a twisted smile. I believe I told you to sit 
down? 

But Harry stayed where he was. 

Whats wrong with him? 

Snape s black eyes glittered. 

Nothing lifethreatening, he said, looking as though 
he wished it were. Five more points from Gryffindor, 
and if I have to ask you to sit down again, it will be 
fifty. 

Harry walked slowly to his seat and sat down. Snape 
looked around at the class. 

As I was saying before Potter interrupted, Professor 
Lupin has not left any record of the topics you have 
covered so far   



  189 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Please, sir, weve done boggarts, Red Caps, kappas, 
and grindylows, said Hermione quickly, and were 
just about to start   

Be quiet, said Snape coldly. I did not ask for 
information. I was merely commenting on Professor 
Lupins lack of organization. 

Hes the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher 
weve ever had, said Dean Thomas boldly, and there 
was a murmur of agreement from the rest of the 
class. Snape looked more menacing than ever. 

You are easily satisfied. Lupin is hardly overtaxing 
you  I would expect first years to be able to deal 
with Red Caps and grindylows. Today we shall 
discuss   

Harry watched him flick through the textbook, to the 
very back chapter, which he must know they hadnt 
covered. 

  werewolves, said Snape. 

But, sir, said Hermione, seemingly unable to 
restrain herself, were not supposed to do werewolves 
yet, were due to start hinkypunks   

Miss Granger, said Snape in a voice of deadly calm, 
I was under the impression that I am teaching this 
lesson, not you. And I am telling you all to turn to 
 394. He glanced around again. All of you! 

Now\ 

With many bitter sidelong looks and some sullen 
muttering, the class opened their books. 

Which of you can tell me how we distinguish between 
the werewolf and the true wolf? said Snape. 

  190 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Everyone sat in motionless silence; everyone except 
Hermione, whose hand, as it so often did, had shot 
straight into the air. 

Anyone? Snape said, ignoring Hermione. His twisted 
smile was back. Are you telling me that Professor 
Lupin hasnt even taught you the basic distinction 
between   

We told you, said Parvati suddenly, we havent got 
as far as werewolves yet, were still on   

Silencel snarled Snape. Well, well, well, I never 
thought Id meet a third year class who wouldnt even 
recognize a werewolf when they saw one. I shall make 
a point of informing Professor Dumbledore how very 
behind you all are. ... 

Please, sir, said Hermione, whose hand was still in 
the air, the werewolf differs from the true wolf in 
several small ways. The snout of the werewolf   

That is the second time you have spoken out of turn, 
Miss Granger, said Snape coolly. Five more points 
from Gryffindor for being an insufferable knowitall. 

Hermione went very red, put down her hand, and 
stared at the floor with her eyes full of tears. It was a 
mark of how much the class loathed Snape that they 
were all glaring at him, because every one of them 
had called Hermione a knowitall at least once, and 
Ron, who told Hermione she was a knowitall at least 
twice a week, said loudly, You asked us a question 
and she knows the answer! Why ask if you dont want 
to be told? 

The class knew instantly hed gone too far. Snape 
advanced on Ron slowly, and the room held its 
breath. 

  191 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Detention, Weasley, Snape said silkily, his face very 
close to Rons. And if I ever hear you criticize the way 
I teach a class again, you will be very sorry indeed. 

No one made a sound throughout the rest of the 
lesson. They sat and made notes on werewolves from 
the textbook, while Snape prowled up and down the 
rows of desks, examining the work they had been 
doing with Professor Lupin. 

Very poorly explained . . . That is incorrect, the kappa 
is more commonly found in Mongolia. . . . Professor 
Lupin gave this eight out of ten? I wouldnt have given 
it three. ... 

When the bell rang at last, Snape held them back. 

You will each write an essay, to be handed in to me, 
on the ways you recognize and kill werewolves. I want 
two rolls of parchment on the subject, and I want 
them by Monday morning. It is time somebody took 
this class in hand. Weasley, stay behind, we need to 
arrange your detention. 

Harry and Hermione left the room with the rest of the 
class, who waited until they were well out of earshot, 
then burst into a furious tirade about Snape. 

Snape s never been like this with any of our other 
Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, even if he did 
want the job, Harry said to Hermione. Whys he got 
it in for Lupin? Dyou think this is all because of the 
boggart? 

I dont know, said Hermione pensively. But I really 
hope Professor Lupin gets better soon. ... 

Ron caught up with them five minutes later, in a 
towering rage. 

  192 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dyou know what that   (he called Snape 
something that made Hermione say Ron\)   is 
making me do? Ive got to scrub out the bedpans in 
the hospital wing. Without magid He was breathing 
deeply, his fists clenched. Why couldnt Black have 
hidden in Snapes office, eh? He could have finished 
him off for us! 

Harry woke extremely early the next morning; so early 
that it was still dark. For a moment he thought the 
roaring of the wind had woken him. Then he felt a 
cold breeze on the back of his neck and sat bolt 
upright  Peeves the Poltergeist had been floating 
next to him, blowing hard in his ear. 

What did you do that for? said Harry furiously. 

Peeves puffed out his cheeks, blew hard, and zoomed 
backward out of the room, cackling. 

Harry fumbled for his alarm clock and looked at it. It 
was half past four. Cursing Peeves, he rolled over and 
tried to get back to sleep, but it was very difficult, now 
that he was awake, to ignore the sounds of the 
thunder rumbling overhead, the pounding of the wind 
against the castle walls, and the distant creaking of 
the trees in the Forbidden Forest. In a few hours he 
would be out on the Quidditch field, battling through 
that gale. Finally, he gave up any thought of more 
sleep, got up, dressed, picked up his Nimbus Two 
Thousand, and walked quietly out of the dormitory. 

As Harry opened the door, something brushed against 
his leg. He bent down just in time to grab 
Crookshanks by the end of his bushy tail and drag 
him outside. 

You know, I reckon Ron was right about you, Harry 
told Crookshanks suspiciously. There are plenty of 

  193 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




mice around this place  go and chase them. Go on, 
he added, nudging Crookshanks down the spiral 
staircase with his foot. Leave Scabbers alone. 

The noise of the storm was even louder in the 
common room. Harry knew better than to think the 
match would be canceled; Quidditch matches werent 
called off for trifles like thunderstorms. Nevertheless, 
he was starting to feel very apprehensive. Wood had 
pointed out Cedric Diggory to him in the corridor; 
Diggory was a fifth year and a lot bigger than Harry. 
Seekers were usually light and speedy, but Diggorys 
weight would be an advantage in this weather 
because he was less likely to be blown off course. 

Harry whiled away the hours until dawn in front of 
the fire, getting up every now and then to stop 
Crookshanks from sneaking up the boys staircase 
again. At long last Harry thought it must be time for 
breakfast, so he headed through the portrait hole 
alone. 

Stand and fight, you mangy cur! yelled Sir Cadogan. 
Oh, shut up, Harry yawned. 

He revived a bit over a large bowl of porridge, and by 
the time hed started on toast, the rest of the team 
had turned up. 

Its going to be a tough one, said Wood, who wasnt 
eating anything. 

Stop worrying, Oliver, said Alicia soothingly, we 
dont mind a bit of rain. 

But it was considerably more than a bit of rain. Such 
was the popularity of Quidditch that the whole school 
turned out to watch the match as usual, but they ran 

  194 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




down the lawns toward the Quidditch field, heads 
bowed against the ferocious wind, umbrellas being 
whipped out of their hands as they went. Just before 
he entered the locker room, Harry saw Malfoy, 

Crabbe, and Goyle, laughing and pointing at him from 
under an enormous umbrella on their way to the 
stadium. 

The team changed into their scarlet robes and waited 
for Woods usual prematch pep talk, but it didnt 
come. He tried to speak several times, made an odd 
gulping noise, then shook his head hopelessly and 
beckoned them to follow him. 

The wind was so strong that they staggered sideways 
as they walked out onto the field. If the crowd was 
cheering, they couldnt hear it over the fresh rolls of 
thunder. Rain was splattering over Harrys glasses. 
How on earth was he going to see the Snitch in this? 

The Hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite 
side of the field, wearing canary yellow robes. The 
Captains walked up to each other and shook hands; 
Diggory smiled at Wood but Wood now looked as 
though he had lockjaw and merely nodded. Harry saw 
Madam Hoochs mouth form the words, Mount your 
brooms. He pulled his right foot out of the mud with 
a squelch and swung it over his Nimbus Two 
Thousand. Madam Hooch put her whistle to her lips 
and gave it a blast that sounded shrill and distant  
they were off. 

Harry rose fast, but his Nimbus was swerving slightly 
with the wind. He held it as steady as he could and 
turned, squinting into the rain. 

Within five minutes Harry was soaked to his skin and 
frozen, hardly able to see his teammates, let alone the 
tiny Snitch. He flew backward and forward across the 

  195 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




field past blurred red and yellow shapes, with no idea 
of what was happening in the rest of the game. He 
couldnt hear the commentary over the wind. The 
crowd was hidden beneath a sea of cloaks and 
battered umbrellas. Twice Harry came very close to 
being unseated by a Bludger; his vision was so 
clouded by the rain on his glasses he hadnt seen 
them coming. 

He lost track of time. It was getting harder and harder 
to hold his broom straight. The sky was getting 
darker, as though night had decided to come early. 
Twice Harry nearly hit another player, without 
knowing whether it was a teammate or opponent; 
everyone was now so wet, and the rain so thick, he 
could hardly tell them apart. ... 

With the first flash of lightning came the sound of 
Madam Hoochs whistle; Harry could just see the 
outline of Wood through the thick rain, gesturing him 
to the ground. The whole team splashed down into 
the mud. 

I called for timeout! Wood roared at his team. 

Come on, under here   

They huddled at the edge of the field under a large 
umbrella; Harry took off his glasses and wiped them 
hurriedly on his robes. 

Whats the score? 

Were fifty points up, said Wood, but unless we get 
the Snitch soon, well be playing into the night. 

Ive got no chance with these on, Harry said 
exasperatedly, waving his glasses. 



  196 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




At that very moment, Hermione appeared at his 
shoulder; she was holding her cloak over her head 
and was, inexplicably, beaming. 

Ive had an idea, Harry! Give me your glasses, quick! 

He handed them to her, and as the team watched in 
amazement, Hermione tapped them with her wand 
and said, Imperviusl 

There! she said, handing them back to Harry. 
Theyll repel water! 

Wood looked as though he could have kissed her. 

Brilliant! he called hoarsely after her as she 
disappeared into the crowd. Okay, team, lets go for 
it! 



Hermione s spell had done the trick. Harry was still 
numb with cold, still wetter than hed ever been in his 
life, but he could see. Full of fresh determination, he 
urged his broom through the turbulent air, staring in 
every direction for the Snitch, avoiding a Bludger, 
ducking beneath Diggory, who was streaking in the 
opposite direction. ... 

There was another clap of thunder, followed 
immediately by forked lightning. This was getting 
more and more dangerous. Harry needed to get the 
Snitch quickly  

He turned, intending to head back toward the middle 
of the field, but at that moment, another flash of 
lightning illuminated the stands, and Harry saw 
something that distracted him completely  the 
silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog, clearly 
imprinted against the sky, motionless in the topmost, 
empty row of seats. 

  197 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harrys numb hands slipped on the broom handle 
and his Nimbus dropped a few feet. Shaking his 
sodden bangs out of his eyes, he squinted back into 
the stands. The dog had vanished. 

Harry! came Woods anguished yell from the 
Gryffindor goal posts. Harry, behind you! 

Harry looked wildly around. Cedric Diggory was 
pelting up the field, and a tiny speck of gold was 
shimmering in the rainfilled air between them  

With a jolt of panic, Harry threw himself flat to the 
broomhandle and zoomed toward the Snitch. 

Come on! he growled at his Nimbus as the rain 
whipped his face. Fasteri 

But something odd was happening. An eerie silence 
was falling across the stadium. The wind, though as 
strong as ever, was forgetting to roar. It was as 
though someone had turned off the sound, as though 
Harry had gone suddenly deaf  what was going on? 

And then a horribly familiar wave of cold swept over 
him, inside him, just as he became aware of 
something moving on the field below. . . . 

Before hed had time to think, Harry had taken his 
eyes off the Snitch and looked down. 

At least a hundred dementors, their hidden faces 
pointing up at him, were standing beneath him. It 
was as though freezing water were rising in his chest, 
cutting at his insides. And then he heard it again. ... 
Someone was screaming, screaming inside his head 
... a woman . . . 

Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry\ 

  198 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




 Stand aside, you silly girl ... stand aside, now. ... 



 Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead   

Numbing, swirling white mist was filling Harrys 
brain. . . . What was he doing? Why was he flying? He 
needed to help her. ... She was going to die. ... She 
was going to be murdered. ... 

He was falling, falling through the icy mist. 

Not Harry\ Please ... have mercy ... have mercy. ... 

A shrill voice was laughing, the woman was 
screaming, and Harry knew no more. 

Lucky the ground was so soft. 

I thought he was dead for sure. 

But he didnt even break his glasses. 

Harry could hear the voices whispering, but they 
made no sense whatsoever. He didnt have a clue 
where he was, or how hed got there, or what hed 
been doing before he got there. All he knew was that 
every inch of him was aching as though it had been 
beaten. 

That was the scariest thing Ive ever seen in my life. 

Scariest . . . the scariest thing . . . hooded black figures 
... cold ... screaming ... 

Harrys eyes snapped open. He was lying in the 
hospital wing. The Gryffindor Quidditch team, 
spattered with mud from head to foot, was gathered 
around his bed. Ron and Hermione were also there, 

  199 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




looking as though theyd just climbed out of a 
swimming pool. 

Harry! said Fred, who looked extremely white 
underneath the mud. Howre you feeling? 

It was as though Harrys memory was on fast forward. 
The lightning  the Grim  the Snitch  and the 
dementors ... 

What happened? he said, sitting up so suddenly 
they all gasped. 

You fell off, said Fred. Mustve been  what  fifty 
feet? 

We thought youd died, said Alicia, who was 
shaking. 

Hermione made a small, squeaky noise. Her eyes were 
extremely bloodshot. 

But the match, said Harry. What happened? Are we 
doing a replay? 

No one said anything. The horrible truth sank into 
Harry like a stone. 

We didnt  lose? 

Diggory got the Snitch, said George. Just after you 
fell. He didnt realize what had happened. When he 
looked back and saw you on the ground, he tried to 
call it off. Wanted a rematch. But they won fair and 
square ... even Wood admits it. 

Where is Wood? said Harry, suddenly realizing he 
wasnt there. 



  200 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Still in the showers, said Fred. We think hes trying 
to drown himself. 

Harry put his face to his knees, his hands gripping 
his hair. Fred grabbed his shoulder and shook it 
roughly. 

Cmon, Harry, youve never missed the Snitch 
before. 

There had to be one time you didnt get it, said 
George. 

Its not over yet, said Fred. We lost by a hundred 
points, right? So if Hufflepuff loses to Ravenclaw and 
we beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin ... 

Hufflepuffll have to lose by at least two hundred 
points, said George. 

But if they beat Ravenclaw ... 

No way, Ravenclaw is too good. But if Slytherin loses 
against Hufflepuff ... 

It all depends on the points  a margin of a hundred 
either way   

Harry lay there, not saying a word. They had lost ... 
for the first time ever, he had lost a Quidditch match. 

After ten minutes or so, Madam Pomfrey came over to 
tell the team to leave him in peace. 

Well come and see you later, Fred told him. Dont 
beat yourself up, Harry, youre still the best Seeker 
weve ever had. 



  201 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The team trooped out, trailing mud behind them. 
Madam Pomfrey shut the door behind them, looking 
disapproving. Ron and Hermione moved nearer to 
Harrys bed. 

Dumbledore was really angry, Hermione said in a 
quaking voice. Ive never seen him like that before. 

He ran onto the field as you fell, waved his wand, and 
you sort of slowed down before you hit the ground. 
Then he whirled his wand at the dementors. Shot 
silver stuff at them. They left the stadium right away. 
... He was furious theyd come onto the grounds. We 
heard him   

Then he magicked you onto a stretcher, said Ron. 
And walked up to school with you floating on it. 
Everyone thought you were ... 

His voice faded, but Harry hardly noticed. He was 
thinking about what the dementors had done to him 
... about the screaming voice. He looked up and saw 
Ron and Hermione looking at him so anxiously that 
he quickly cast around for something matteroffact to 
say. 

Did someone get my Nimbus? 

Ron and Hermione looked quickly at each other. 

Er   



What? said Harry, looking from one to the other. 

Well ... when you fell off, it got blown away, said 
Hermione hesitantly. 

And? 



  202 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




And it hit  it hit  oh, Harry  it hit the 
Whomping Willow. 

Harrys insides lurched. The Whomping Willow was a 
very violent tree that stood alone in the middle of the 
grounds. 

And? he said, dreading the answer. 

Well, you know the Whomping Willow, said Ron. It 
 it doesnt like being hit. 

Professor Flitwick brought it back just before you 
came around, said Hermione in a very small voice. 

Slowly, she reached down for a bag at her feet, turned 
it upside down, and tipped a dozen bits of splintered 
wood and twig onto the bed, the only remains of 
Harrys faithful, finally beaten broomstick. 



  203 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




10 




THE MARAUDERS MAP 

Madam Pomfrey insisted on keeping Harry in the 
hospital wing for the rest of the weekend. He didnt 
argue or complain, but he wouldnt let her throw 
away the shattered remnants of his Nimbus Two 
Thousand. He knew he was being stupid, knew that 
the Nimbus was beyond repair, but Harry couldnt 
help it; he felt as though hed lost one of his best 
friends. 

He had a stream of visitors, all intent on cheering him 
up. Hagrid sent him a bunch of earwiggy flowers that 
looked like yellow cabbages, and Ginny Weasley, 
blushing furiously, turned up with a getwell card she 
had made herself, which sang shrilly unless Harry 
kept it shut under his bowl of fruit. The Gryffindor 
team visited again on Sunday morning, this time 
accompanied by Wood, who told Harry (in a hollow, 
dead sort of voice) that he didnt blame him in the 
slightest. Ron and Hermione left Harrys bedside only 
at night. But nothing anyone said or did could make 
Harry feel any better, because they knew only half of 
what was troubling him. 

  204 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



He hadnt told anyone about the Grim, not even Ron 
and Hermione, because he knew Ron would panic 
and Hermione would scoff. The fact remained, 
however, that it had now appeared twice, and both 
appearances had been followed by nearfatal 
accidents; the first time, he had nearly been run over 
by the Knight Bus; the second, fallen fifty feet from 
his broomstick. Was the Grim going to haunt him 
until he actually died? Was he going to spend the rest 
of his life looking over his shoulder for the beast? 

And then there were the dementors. Harry felt sick 
and humiliated every time he thought of them. 
Everyone said the dementors were horrible, but no 
one else collapsed every time they went near one. No 
one else heard echoes in their head of their dying 
parents. 

Because Harry knew who that screaming voice 
belonged to now. He had heard her words, heard 
them over and over again during the night hours in 
the hospital wing while he lay awake, staring at the 
strips of moonlight on the ceiling. When the 
dementors approached him, he heard the last 
moments of his mothers life, her attempts to protect 
him, Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Voldemorts 
laughter before he murdered her. . . . Harry dozed 
fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted 
hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake to dwell 
again on his mothers voice. 

It was a relief to return to the noise and bustle of the 
main school on Monday, where he was forced to think 
about other things, even if he had to endure Draco 
Malfoys taunting. Malfoy was almost beside himself 
with glee at Gryffindors defeat. He had finally taken 
off his bandages, and celebrated having the full use of 
both arms again by doing spirited imitations of Harry 
falling off his broom. Malfoy spent much of their next 
  205 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Potions class doing dementor imitations across the 
dungeon; Ron finally cracked and flung a large, 
slippery crocodile heart at Malfoy, which hit him in 
the face and caused Snape to take fifty points from 
Gryffindor. 

If Snapes teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts 
again, Im skiving off, said Ron as they headed 
toward Lupins classroom after lunch. Check whos 
in there, Hermione. 

Hermione peered around the classroom door. 

Its okay! 

Professor Lupin was back at work. It certainly looked 
as though he had been ill. His old robes were hanging 
more loosely on him and there were dark shadows 
beneath his eyes; nevertheless, he smiled at the class 
as they took their seats, and they burst at once into 
an explosion of complaints about Snapes behavior 
while Lupin had been ill. 

Its not fair, he was only filling in, why should he give 
us homework? 

We dont know anything about werewolves   

  two rolls of parchment! 

Did you tell Professor Snape we havent covered them 
yet? Lupin asked, frowning slightly. 

The babble broke out again. 

Yes, but he said we were really behind   

  he wouldnt listen   



  206 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




  two rolls of parchmenti 



Professor Lupin smiled at the look of indignation on 
every face. 

Dont worry. Ill speak to Professor Snape. You dont 
have to do the essay. 

Oh no, said Hermione, looking very disappointed. 
Ive already finished it! 

They had a very enjoyable lesson. Professor Lupin 
had brought along a glass box containing a 
hinkypunk, a little onelegged creature who looked as 
though he were made of wisps of smoke, rather frail 
and harmlesslooking. 

Lures travelers into bogs, said Professor Lupin as 
they took notes. You notice the lantern dangling from 
his hand? Hops ahead  people follow the light  
then    

The hinkypunk made a horrible squelching noise 
against the glass. 

When the bell rang, everyone gathered up their things 
and headed for the door, Harry among them, but  

Wait a moment, Harry, Lupin called. Id like a 
word. 

Harry doubled back and watched Professor Lupin 
covering the hinkypunks box with a cloth. 

I heard about the match, said Lupin, turning back 
to his desk and starting to pile books into his 
briefcase, and Im sorry about your broomstick. Is 
there any chance of fixing it? 

  207 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




No, said Harry. The tree smashed it to bits. 

Lupin sighed. 

They planted the Whomping Willow the same year 
that I arrived at Hogwarts. People used to play a 
game, trying to get near enough to touch the trunk. In 
the end, a boy called Davey Gudgeon nearly lost an 
eye, and we were forbidden to go near it. No 
broomstick would have a chance. 

Did you hear about the dementors too? said Harry 
with difficulty. 

Lupin looked at him quickly. 

Yes, I did. I dont think any of us have seen Professor 
Dumbledore that angry. They have been growing 
restless for some time ... furious at his refusal to let 
them inside the grounds. ... I suppose they were the 
reason you fell? 

Yes, said Harry. He hesitated, and then the question 
he had to ask burst from him before he could stop 
himself.  Why? Why do they affect me like that? Am I 
just  ? 



It has nothing to do with weakness, said Professor 
Lupin sharply, as though he had read Harrys mind. 
The dementors affect you worse than the others 
because there are horrors in your past that the others 
dont have. 

A ray of wintery sunlight fell across the classroom, 
illuminating Lupins gray hairs and the lines on his 
young face. 

Dementors are among the foulest creatures that walk 
this earth. They infest the darkest, filthiest places, 

  208 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




they glory in decay and despair, they drain peace, 
hope, and happiness out of the air around them. 

Even Muggles feel their presence, though they cant 
see them. Get too near a dementor and every good 
feeling, every happy memory will be sucked out of 
you. If it can, the dementor will feed on you long 
enough to reduce you to something like itself . . . soul 
less and evil. Youll be left with nothing but the worst 
experiences of your life. And the worst that happened 
to you, Harry, is enough to make anyone fall off their 
broom. You have nothing to feel ashamed of. 

When they get near me   Harry stared at Lupins 
desk, his throat tight. I can hear Voldemort 
murdering my mum. 

Lupin made a sudden motion with his arm as though 
to grip Harrys shoulder, but thought better of it. 

There was a moments silence, then  

Why did they have to come to the match? said Harry 
bitterly. 

Theyre getting hungry, said Lupin coolly, shutting 
his briefcase with a snap. Dumbledore wont let them 
into the school, so their supply of human prey has 
dried up. ... I dont think they could resist the large 
crowd around the Quidditch field. All that excitement 
. . . emotions running high ... it was their idea of a 
feast. 

Azkaban must be terrible, Harry muttered. Lupin 
nodded grimly. 

The fortress is set on a tiny island, way out to sea, 
but they dont need walls and water to keep the 
prisoners in, not when theyre all trapped inside their 
own heads, incapable of a single cheerful thought. 
Most of them go mad within weeks. 

  209 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But Sirius Black escaped from them, Harry said 
slowly. He got away. ... 



Lupins briefcase slipped from the desk; he had to 
stoop quickly to catch it. 

Yes, he said, straightening up, Black must have 
found a way to fight them. I wouldnt have believed it 
possible. ... Dementors are supposed to drain a 
wizard of his powers if he is left with them too long. 



You made that dementor on the train back off, said 
Harry suddenly. 

There are  certain defenses one can use, said 
Lupin. But there was only one dementor on the train. 
The more there are, the more difficult it becomes to 
resist. 

What defenses? said Harry at once. Can you teach 
me? 

I dont pretend to be an expert at fighting dementors, 
Harry ... quite the contrary. ... 

But if the dementors come to another Quidditch 
match, I need to be able to fight them   

Lupin looked into Harrys determined face, hesitated, 
then said, Well ... all right. Ill try and help. But itll 
have to wait until next term, Im afraid. I have a lot to 
do before the holidays. I chose a very inconvenient 
time to fall ill. 

What with the promise of antidementor lessons from 
Lupin, the thought that he might never have to hear 
his mothers death again, and the fact that Ravenclaw 
flattened Hufflepuff in their Quidditch match at the 

  210 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




end of November, Harrys mood took a definite 
upturn. Gryffindor were not out of the running after 
all, although they could not afford to lose another 
match. Wood became repossessed of his manic 
energy, and worked his team as hard as ever in the 
chilly haze of rain that persisted into December. 

Harry saw no hint of a dementor within the grounds. 
Dumbledores anger seemed to be keeping them at 
their stations at the entrances. 

Two weeks before the end of the term, the sky 
lightened suddenly to a dazzling, opaline white and 
the muddy grounds were revealed one morning 
covered in glittering frost. Inside the castle, there was 
a buzz of Christmas in the air. Professor Flitwick, the 
Charms teacher, had already decorated his classroom 
with shimmering lights that turned out to be real, 
fluttering fairies. The students were all happily 
discussing their plans for the holidays. Both Ron and 
Hermione had decided to remain at Hogwarts, and 
though Ron said it was because he couldnt stand two 
weeks with Percy, and Hermione insisted she needed 
to use the library, Harry wasnt fooled; they were 
doing it to keep him company, and he was very 
grateful. 

To everyones delight except Harrys, there was to be 
another Hogsmeade trip on the very last weekend of 
the term. 

We can do all our Christmas shopping there! said 
Hermione. Mum and Dad would really love those 
Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes! 

Resigned to the fact that he would be the only third 
year staying behind again, Harry borrowed a copy of 
Which Broomstick from Wood, and decided to spend 
the day reading up on the different makes. He had 
been riding one of the school brooms at team 
  211 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




practice, an ancient Shooting Star, which was very 
slow and jerky; he definitely needed a new broom of 
his own. 



On the Saturday morning of the Hogsmeade trip, 
Harry bid goodbye to Ron and Hermione, who were 
wrapped in cloaks and scarves, then turned up the 
marble staircase alone, and headed back toward 
Gryffindor Tower. Snow had started to fall outside the 
windows, and the castle was very still and quiet. 

Psst  Harry! 

He turned, halfway along the thirdfloor corridor, to 
see Fred and George peering out at him from behind a 
statue of a humpbacked, oneeyed witch. 

What are you doing? said Harry curiously. How 
come youre not going to Hogsmeade? 

Weve come to give you a bit of festive cheer before 
we go, said Fred, with a mysterious wink. Come in 
here. ... 

He nodded toward an empty classroom to the left of 
the oneeyed statue. Harry followed Fred and George 
inside. George closed the door quietly and then 
turned, beaming, to look at Harry. 

Early Christmas present for you, Harry, he said. 

Fred pulled something from inside his cloak with a 
flourish and laid it on one of the desks. It was a large, 
square, very worn piece of parchment with nothing 
written on it. Harry, suspecting one of Fred and 
Georges jokes, stared at it. 

Whats that supposed to be? 

  212 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




This, Harry, is the secret of our success, said 
George, patting the parchment fondly. 

Its a wrench, giving it to you, said Fred, but we 
decided last night, your needs greater than ours. 

Anyway, we know it by heart, said George. We 
bequeath it to you. We dont really need it anymore. 

And what do I need with a bit of old parchment? 
said Harry. 

A bit of old parchment! said Fred, closing his eyes 
with a grimace as though Harry had mortally offended 
him. Explain, George. 

Well ... when we were in our first year, Harry  
young, carefree, and innocent   

Harry snorted. He doubted whether Fred and George 
had ever been innocent. 

  well, more innocent than we are now  we got 
into a spot of bother with Filch. 

We let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset 
him for some reason   

So he hauled us off to his office and started 
threatening us with the usual   

  detention   

  disembowelment   

  and we couldnt help noticing a drawer in one of 
his filing cabinets marked Confiscated and Highly 
Dangerous. 



  213 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dont tell me   said Harry, starting to grin. 

Well, what would youve done? said Fred. George 
caused a diversion by dropping another Dungbomb, I 
whipped the drawer open, and grabbed  this. 

Its not as bad as it sounds, you know, said George. 
We dont reckon Filch ever found out how to work it. 
He probably suspected what it was, though, or he 
wouldnt have confiscated it. 

And you know how to work it? 

Oh yes, said Fred, smirking. This little beautys 
taught us more than all the teachers in this school. 

Youre winding me up, said Harry, looking at the 
ragged old bit of parchment. 

Oh, are we? said George. 

He took out his wand, touched the parchment lightly, 
and said, I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. 

And at once, thin ink lines began to spread like a 
spiders web from the point that Georges wand had 
touched. They joined each other, they crisscrossed, 
they fanned into every corner of the parchment; then 
words began to blossom across the top, great, curly 
green words, that proclaimed: 

Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs 

Purveyors of Aids to Magical MischiefMakers 

are proud to present 

THE MARAUDERS MAP 



  214 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts 
castle and grounds. But the truly remarkable thing 
were the tiny ink dots moving around it, each labeled 
with a name in minuscule writing. Astounded, Harry 
bent over it. A labeled dot in the top left corner 
showed that Professor Dumbledore was pacing his 
study; the caretakers cat, Mrs. Norris, was prowling 
the second floor; and Peeves the Poltergeist was 
currently bouncing around the trophy room. And as 
Harrys eyes traveled up and down the familiar 
corridors, he noticed something else. 

This map showed a set of passages he had never 
entered. And many of them seemed to lead  

Right into Hogsmeade, said Fred, tracing one of 
them with his finger. There are seven in all. Now, 
Filch knows about these four  he pointed them out 
 but were sure were the only ones who know 
about these. Dont bother with the one behind the 
mirror on the fourth floor. We used it until last 
winter, but its caved in  completely blocked. And 
we dont reckon anyones ever used this one, because 
the Whomping Willows planted right over the 
entrance. But this one here, this one leads right into 
the cellar of Honeydukes. Weve used it loads of times. 
And as you mightve noticed, the entrance is right 
outside this room, through that oneeyed old crones 
hump. 

Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs, sighed 
George, patting the heading of the map. We owe 
them so much. 

Noble men, working tirelessly to help a new 
generation of lawbreakers, said Fred solemnly. 

Right, said George briskly. Dont forget to wipe it 
after youve used it   

  215 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




  or anyone can read it, Fred said warningly. 

Just tap it again and say, Mischief managed! And 
itll go blank. 

So, young Harry, said Fred, in an uncanny 
impersonation of Percy, mind you behave yourself. 

See you in Honeydukes, said George, winking. 

They left the room, both smirking in a satisfied sort of 
way. 

Harry stood there, gazing at the miraculous map. He 
watched the tiny ink Mrs. Norris turn left and pause 
to sniff at something on the floor. If Filch really didnt 
know ... he wouldnt have to pass the dementors at 
all. ... 

But even as he stood there, flooded with excitement, 
something Harry had once heard Mr. Weasley say 
came floating out of his memory. 

Never trust anything that can think for itself, if you 
cant see where it keeps its brain. 

This map was one of those dangerous magical objects 
Mr. Weasley had been warning against. ... Aids for 
Magical MischiefMakers . . . but then, Harry reasoned, 
he only wanted to use it to get into Hogsmeade, it 
wasnt as though he wanted to steal anything or 
attack anyone ... and Fred and George had been 
using it for years without anything horrible 
happening. ... 

Harry traced the secret passage to Honeydukes with 
his finger. 



  216 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Then, quite suddenly, as though following orders, he 
rolled up the map, stuffed it inside his robes, and 
hurried to the door of the classroom. He opened it a 
couple of inches. There was no one outside. Very 
carefully, he edged out of the room and behind the 
statue of the oneeyed witch. 

What did he have to do? He pulled out the map again 
and saw, to his astonishment, that a new ink figure 
had appeared upon it, labeled Harry Potter. This 
figure was standing exactly where the real Harry was 
standing, about halfway down the thirdfloor corridor. 
Harry watched carefully. His little ink self appeared to 
be tapping the witch with his minute wand. Harry 
quickly took out his real wand and tapped the statue. 
Nothing happened. He looked back at the map. The 
tiniest speech bubble had appeared next to his figure. 
The word inside said,  Dissendium. 

 Dissendiurrd Harry whispered, tapping the stone 
witch again. 

At once, the statues hump opened wide enough to 
admit a fairly thin person. Harry glanced quickly up 
and down the corridor, then tucked the map away 
again, hoisted himself into the hole headfirst, and 
pushed himself forward. 

He slid a considerable way down what felt like a stone 
slide, then landed on cold, damp earth. He stood up, 
looking around. It was pitch dark. He held up his 
wand, muttered, Lumos\ and saw that he was in a 
very narrow, low, earthy passageway. He raised the 
map, tapped it with the tip of his wand, and 
muttered, Mischief managed! The map went blank 
at once. He folded it carefully, tucked it inside his 
robes, then, heart beating fast, both excited and 
apprehensive, he set off. 



  217 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The passage twisted and turned, more like the burrow 
of a giant rabbit than anything else. Harry hurried 
along it, stumbling now and then on the uneven floor, 
holding his wand out in front of him. 

It took ages, but Harry had the thought of 
Honeydukes to sustain him. After what felt like an 
hour, the passage began to rise. Panting, Harry sped 
up, his face hot, his feet very cold. 

Ten minutes later, he came to the foot of some worn 
stone steps, which rose out of sight above him. 

Careful not to make any noise, Harry began to climb. 
A hundred steps, two hundred steps, he lost count as 
he climbed, watching his feet. ... Then, without 
warning, his head hit something hard. 

It seemed to be a trapdoor. Harry stood there, 
massaging the top of his head, listening. He couldnt 
hear any sounds above him. Very slowly, he pushed 
the trapdoor open and peered over the edge. 

He was in a cellar, which was full of wooden crates 
and boxes. Harry climbed out of the trapdoor and 
replaced it  it blended so perfectly with the dusty 
floor that it was impossible to tell it was there. Harry 
crept slowly toward the wooden staircase that led 
upstairs. Now he could definitely hear voices, not to 
mention the tinkle of a bell and the opening and 
shutting of a door. 

Wondering what he ought to do, he suddenly heard a 
door open much closer at hand; somebody was about 
to come downstairs. 

And get another box of Jelly Slugs, dear, theyve 
nearly cleaned us out   said a womans voice. 



  218 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




A pair of feet was coming down the staircase. Harry 
leapt behind an enormous crate and waited for the 
footsteps to pass. He heard the man shifting boxes 
against the opposite wall. He might not get another 
chance  

Quickly and silently, Harry dodged out from his 
hiding place and climbed the stairs; looking back, he 
saw an enormous backside and shiny bald head, 
buried in a box. Harry reached the door at the top of 
the stairs, slipped through it, and found himself 
behind the counter of Honeydukes  he ducked, 
crept sideways, and then straightened up. 

Honeydukes was so crowded with Hogwarts students 
that no one looked twice at Harry. He edged among 
them, looking around, and suppressed a laugh as he 
imagined the look that would spread over Dudleys 
piggy face if he could see where Harry was now. 

There were shelves upon shelves of the most 
succulentlooking sweets imaginable. Creamy chunks 
of nougat, shimmering pink squares of coconut ice, 
fat, honeycolored toffees; hundreds of different kinds 
of chocolate in neat rows; there was a large barrel of 
Every Flavor Beans, and another of Fizzing Whizbees, 
the levitating sherbert balls that Ron had mentioned; 
along yet another wall were Special Effects sweets: 
Droobles Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with 
bluebellcolored bubbles that refused to pop for days), 
the strange, splintery Toothflossing Stringmints, tiny 
black Pepper Imps (breathe fire for your friends!), 

Ice Mice (hear your teeth chatter and squeak!), 
peppermint creams shaped like toads (hop 
realistically in the stomach!), fragile sugarspun 
quills, and exploding bonbons. 

Harry squeezed himself through a crowd of sixth 
years and saw a sign hanging in the farthest corner of 

  219 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




the shop (UNUSUAL TASTES). Ron and Hermione 
were standing underneath it, examining a tray of 
bloodflavored lollipops. Harry sneaked up behind 
them. 

Ugh, no, Harry wont want one of those, theyre for 
vampires, I expect, Hermione was saying. 

How about these? said Ron, shoving ajar of 
Cockroach Clusters under Hermione s nose. 

Definitely not, said Harry. 

Ron nearly dropped the jar. 

Harry\ squealed Hermione. What are you doing 
here? How  how did you  ? 

Wow! said Ron, looking very impressed, youve 
learned to Apparate! 

 Course I havent, said Harry. He dropped his voice 
so that none of the sixth years could hear him and 
told them all about the Marauders Map. 

How come Fred and George never gave it to me! said 
Ron, outraged. Im their brother! 

But Harry isnt going to keep it! said Hermione, as 
though the idea were ludicrous. Hes going to hand it 
in to Professor McGonagall, arent you, Harry? 

No, Im not! said Harry. 

Are you mad? said Ron, goggling at Hermione. 

Hand in something that good? 

If I hand it in, Ill have to say where I got it! Filch 
would know Fred and George had nicked it! 

  220 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But what about Sirius Black? Hermione hissed. He 
could be using one of the passages on that map to get 
into the castle! The teachers have got to know! 

He cant be getting in through a passage, said Harry 
quickly. There are seven secret tunnels on the map, 
right? Fred and George reckon Filch already knows 
about four of them. And of the other three  one of 
thems caved in, so no one can get through it. One of 
thems got the Whomping Willow planted over the 
entrance, so you cant get out of it. And the one I just 
came through  well  its really hard to see the 
entrance to it down in the cellar, so unless he knew it 
was there ... 

Harry hesitated. What if Black did know the passage 
was there? Ron, however, cleared his throat 
significantly, and pointed to a notice pasted on the 
inside of the sweetshop door. 

 BY ORDER OF  

THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC 

Customers are reminded that until further notice, 
dementors will be patrolling the streets of Hogsmeade 
every night after sundown. This measure has been put 
in place for the safety of Hogsmeade residents and will 
be lifted upon the recapture of Sirius Black. It is 
therefore advisable that you complete your shopping 
well before nightfall. 

Merry Christmas! 



See? said Ron quietly. Id like to see Black try and 
break into Honeydukes with dementors swarming all 



  221 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




over the village. Anyway, Hermione, the Honeydukes 
owners would hear a breakin, wouldnt they? They 
live over the shop! 

Yes, but  but   Hermoine seemed to be struggling 
to find another problem. Look, Harry still shouldnt 
be coming into Hogsmeade. He hasnt got a signed 
form! If anyone finds out, hell be in so much trouble! 
And its not nightfall yet  what if Sirius Black turns 
up today? Now? 

Hed have a job spotting Harry in this, said Ron, 
nodding through the mullioned windows at the thick, 
swirling snow. Come on, Hermione, its Christmas. 
Harry deserves a break. 

Hermione bit her lip, looking extremely worried. 

Are you going to report me? Harry asked her, 
grinning. 

Oh  of course not  but honestly, Harry   

Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Harry? said Ron, 
grabbing him and leading him over to their barrel. 
And the Jelly Slugs? And the Acid Pops? Fred gave 
me one of those when I was seven  it burnt a hole 
right through my tongue. I remember Mum walloping 
him with her broomstick. Ron stared broodingly into 
the Acid Pop box. Reckon Fredd take a bit of 
Cockroach Cluster if I told him they were peanuts? 

When Ron and Hermione had paid for all their sweets, 
the three of them left Honeydukes for the blizzard 
outside. 

Hogsmeade looked like a Christmas card; the little 
thatched cottages and shops were all covered in a 
layer of crisp snow; there were holly wreaths on the 

  222 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




doors and strings of enchanted candles hanging in 
the trees. 

Harry shivered; unlike the other two, he didnt have 
his cloak. They headed up the street, heads bowed 
against the wind, Ron and Hermione shouting 
through their scarves. 

Thats the post office   

Zonkos is up there   

We could go up to the Shrieking Shack   

Tell you what, said Ron, his teeth chattering, shall 
we go for a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks? 

Harry was more than willing; the wind was fierce and 
his hands were freezing, so they crossed the road, 
and in a few minutes were entering the tiny inn. 

It was extremely crowded, noisy, warm, and smoky. A 
curvy sort of woman with a pretty face was serving a 
bunch of rowdy warlocks up at the bar. 

Thats Madam Rosmerta, said Ron. Ill get the 
drinks, shall I? he added, going slightly red. 

Harry and Hermione made their way to the back of 
the room, where there was a small, vacant table 
between the window and a handsome Christmas tree, 
which stood next to the fireplace. Ron came back five 
minutes later, carrying three foaming tankards of hot 
butterbeer. 

Merry Christmas! he said happily, raising his 
tankard. 



  223 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry drank deeply. It was the most delicious thing 
hed ever tasted and seemed to heat every bit of him 
from the inside. 

A sudden breeze ruffled his hair. The door of the 
Three Broomsticks had opened again. Harry looked 
over the rim of his tankard and choked. 

Professors McGonagall and Flitwick had just entered 
the pub with a flurry of snowflakes, shortly followed 
by Hagrid, who was deep in conversation with a portly 
man in a limegreen bowler hat and a pinstriped 
cloak  Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic. 

In an instant, Ron and Hermione had both placed 
hands on the top of Harrys head and forced him off 
his stool and under the table. Dripping with 
butterbeer and crouching out of sight, Harry clutched 
his empty tankard and watched the teachers and 
Fudges feet move toward the bar, pause, then turn 
and walk right toward him. 

Somewhere above him, Hermione whispered, 
Mobiliarbus\ 

The Christmas tree beside their table rose a few 
inches off the ground, drifted sideways, and landed 
with a soft thump right in front of their table, hiding 
them from view. Staring through the dense lower 
branches, Harry saw four sets of chair legs move back 
from the table right beside theirs, then heard the 
grunts and sighs of the teachers and minister as they 
sat down. 

Next he saw another pair of feet, wearing sparkly 
turquoise high heels, and heard a womans voice. 

A small gillywater   



  224 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Mine, said Professor McGonagalls voice. 

Four pints of mulled mead   

Ta, Rosmerta, said Hagrid. 

A cherry syrup and soda with ice and umbrella   

Mmm! said Professor Flitwick, smacking his lips. 

So you 11 be the red currant rum, Minister. 

Thank you, Rosmerta, mdear, said Fudges voice. 
Lovely to see you again, I must say. Have one 
yourself, wont you? Come and join us. ... 

Well, thank you very much, Minister. 

Harry watched the glittering heels march away and 
back again. His heart was pounding uncomfortably in 
his throat. Why hadnt it occurred to him that this 
was the last weekend of term for the teachers too? 
And how long were they going to sit there? He needed 
time to sneak back into Honeydukes if he wanted to 
return to school tonight. ... Hermiones leg gave a 
nervous twitch next to him. 

So, what brings you to this neck of the woods, 
Minister? came Madam Rosmertas voice. 

Harry saw the lower part of Fudges thick body twist 
in his chair as though he were checking for 
eavesdroppers. Then he said in a quiet voice, What 
else, mdear, but Sirius Black? I daresay you heard 
what happened up at the school at Halloween? 

I did hear a rumor, admitted Madam Rosmerta. 



  225 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Did you tell the whole pub, Hagrid? said Professor 
McGonagall exasperatedly. 

Do you think Blacks still in the area, Minister? 
whispered Madam Rosmerta. 

Im sure of it, said Fudge shortly. 

You know that the dementors have searched the 
whole village twice? said Madam Rosmerta, a slight 
edge to her voice. Scared all my customers away. ... 
Its very bad for business, Minister. 

Rosmerta, mdear, I dont like them any more than 
you do, said Fudge uncomfortably. Necessary 
precaution ... unfortunate, but there you are. ... Ive 
just met some of them. Theyre in a fury against 
Dumbledore  he wont let them inside the castle 
grounds. 

I should think not, said Professor McGonagall 
sharply. How are we supposed to teach with those 
horrors floating around? 

Hear, hear! squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick, whose 
feet were dangling a foot from the ground. 

All the same, demurred Fudge, they are here to 
protect you all from something much worse. ... We all 
know what Blacks capable of. ... 

Do you know, I still have trouble believing it, said 
Madam Rosmerta thoughtfully. Of all the people to 
go over to the Dark Side, Sirius Black was the last Id 
have thought ... I mean, I remember him when he was 
a boy at Hogwarts. If youd told me then what he was 
going to become, Id have said youd had too much 
mead. 



  226 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




You dont know the half of it, Rosmerta, said Fudge 
gruffly. The worst he did isnt widely known. 

The worst? said Madam Rosmerta, her voice alive 
with curiosity. Worse than murdering all those poor 
people, you mean? 

I certainly do, said Fudge. 

I cant believe that. What could possibly be worse? 

You say you remember him at Hogwarts, Rosmerta, 
murmured Professor McGonagall. Do you remember 
who his best friend was? 

Naturally, said Madam Rosmerta, with a small 
laugh. Never saw one without the other, did you? The 
number of times I had them in here  ooh, they used 
to make me laugh. Quite the double act, Sirius Black 
and James Potter! 

Harry dropped his tankard with a loud clunk. Ron 
kicked him. 

Precisely, said Professor McGonagall. Black and 
Potter. Ringleaders of their little gang. Both very 
bright, of course  exceptionally bright, in fact  but 
I dont think weve ever had such a pair of 
troublemakers   

I dunno, chuckled Hagrid. Fred and George 
Weasley could give em a run fer their money. 

Youd have thought Black and Potter were brothers! 
chimed in Professor Flitwick. Inseparable! 

Of course they were, said Fudge. Potter trusted 
Black beyond all his other friends. Nothing changed 
when they left school. Black was best man when 

  227 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




James married Lily. Then they named him godfather 
to Harry. Harry has no idea, of course. You can 
imagine how the idea would torment him. 

Because Black turned out to be in league with You 
KnowWho? whispered Madam Rosmerta. 

Worse even than that, mdear. ... Fudge dropped his 
voice and proceeded in a sort of low rumble. Not 
many people are aware that the Potters knew You 
KnowWho was after them. Dumbledore, who was of 
course working tirelessly against YouKnowWho, had 
a number of useful spies. One of them tipped him off, 
and he alerted James and Lily at once. He advised 
them to go into hiding. Well, of course, YouKnow 
Who wasnt an easy person to hide from. Dumbledore 
told them that their best chance was the Fidelius 
Charm. 

How does that work? said Madam Rosmerta, 
breathless with interest. Professor Flitwick cleared his 
throat. 

An immensely complex spell, he said squeakily, 
involving the magical concealment of a secret inside 
a single, living soul. The information is hidden inside 
the chosen person, or SecretKeeper, and is 
henceforth impossible to find  unless, of course, the 
SecretKeeper chooses to divulge it. As long as the 
SecretKeeper refused to speak, YouKnowWho could 
search the village where Lily and James were staying 
for years and never find them, not even if he had his 
nose pressed against their sitting room window! 

So Black was the Potters SecretKeeper? whispered 
Madam Rosmerta. 

Naturally, said Professor McGonagall. James Potter 
told Dumbledore that Black would die rather than tell 

  228 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




where they were, that Black was planning to go into 
hiding himself . . . and yet, Dumbledore remained 
worried. I remember him offering to be the Potters 
SecretKeeper himself. 

He suspected Black? gasped Madam Rosmerta. 

He was sure that somebody close to the Potters had 
been keeping YouKnowWho informed of their 
movements, said Professor McGonagall darkly. 
Indeed, he had suspected for some time that 
someone on our side had turned traitor and was 
passing a lot of information to YouKnowWho. 

But James Potter insisted on using Black? 

He did, said Fudge heavily. And then, barely a week 
after the Fidelius Charm had been performed   

Black betrayed them? breathed Madam Rosmerta. 

He did indeed. Black was tired of his doubleagent 
role, he was ready to declare his support openly for 
YouKnowWho, and he seems to have planned this 
for the moment of the Potters death. But, as we all 
know, YouKnowWho met his downfall in little Harry 
Potter. Powers gone, horribly weakened, he fled. And 
this left Black in a very nasty position indeed. His 
master had fallen at the very moment when he, Black, 
had shown his true colors as a traitor. He had no 
choice but to run for it   

Filthy, stinkin turncoat! Hagrid said, so loudly that 
half the bar went quiet. 

Shh! said Professor McGonagall. 

I met him! growled Hagrid. I musta bin the last ter 
see him before he killed all them people! It was me 

  229 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




what rescued Harry from Lily an Jamess house after 
they was killed! Jus got him outta the ruins, poor 
little thing, with a great slash across his forehead, an 
his parents dead ... an Sirius Black turns up, on that 
flyin motorbike he used ter ride. Never occurred ter 
me what he was doin there. I didn know hed bin Lily 
an Jamess SecretKeeper. Thought hed jus heard 
the news o You Know Whos attack an come ter see 
what he could do. White an shakin, he was. An yeh 
know what I did? I COMFORTED THE MURDERIN 
TRAITOR! Hagrid roared. 

Hagrid, please! said Professor McGonagall. Keep 
your voice down! 

How was I ter know he wasn upset abou Lily an 
James? It was YouKnowWho he cared abou! An 
then he says, Give Harry ter me, Hagrid, Im his 
godfather, Ill look after him   Ha! But Id had me 
orders from Dumbledore, an I told Black no, 
Dumbledore said Harry was ter go ter his aunt an 
uncles. Black argued, but in the end he gave in. Told 
me ter take his motorbike ter get Harry there. I wont 
need it anymore, he says. 

I shoulda known there was somethin fishy goin on 
then. He loved that motorbike, what was he givin it 
ter me for? Why wouldn he need it anymore? Fact 
was, it was too easy ter trace. Dumbledore knew hed 
bin the Potters SecretKeeper. Black knew he was 
goin ter have ter run fer it that night, knew it was a 
matter o hours before the Ministry was after him. 

But what if Id given Harry to him, eh? I bet he dve 
pitched him off the bike halfway out ter sea. His bes 
friends son! But when a wizard goes over ter the Dark 
Side, theres nothin and no one that matters to em 
anymore. ... 



  230 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




A long silence followed Hagrid s story. Then Madam 
Rosmerta said with some satisfaction, But he didnt 
manage to disappear, did he? The Ministry of Magic 
caught up with him next day! 

Alas, if only we had, said Fudge bitterly. It was not 
we who found him. It was little Peter Pettigrew  
another of the Potters friends. Maddened by grief, no 
doubt, and knowing that Black had been the Potters 
SecretKeeper, he went after Black himself. 

Pettigrew . . . that fat little boy who was always 
tagging around after them at Hogwarts? said Madam 
Rosmerta. 

Heroworshipped Black and Potter, said Professor 
McGonagall. Never quite in their league, talentwise. 

I was often rather sharp with him. You can imagine 
how I  how I regret that now. ... She sounded as 
though she had a sudden head cold. 

There, now, Minerva, said Fudge kindly, Pettigrew 
died a heros death. Eyewitnesses  Muggles, of 
course, we wiped their memories later  told us how 
Pettigrew cornered Black. They say he was sobbing, 
Lily and James, Sirius! How could you? And then he 
went for his wand. Well, of course, Black was quicker. 
Blew Pettigrew to smithereens. ... 

Professor McGonagall blew her nose and said thickly, 
Stupid boy . . . foolish boy ... he was always hopeless 
at dueling ... should have left it to the Ministry. ... 

I tell yeh, if Id got ter Black before little Pettigrew 
did, I wouldntve messed around with wands  Idve 
ripped him limb  from  limb, Hagrid growled. 

You dont know what youre talking about, Hagrid, 
said Fudge sharply. Nobody but trained Hit Wizards 

  231 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have 
stood a chance against Black once he was cornered. I 
was Junior Minister in the Department of Magical 
Catastrophes at the time, and I was one of the first on 
the scene after Black murdered all those people. I  I 
will never forget it. I still dream about it sometimes. A 
crater in the middle of the street, so deep it had 
cracked the sewer below. Bodies everywhere. Muggles 
screaming. And Black standing there laughing, with 
what was left of Pettigrew in front of him ... a heap of 
bloodstained robes and a few  a few fragments   

Fudges voice stopped abruptly. There was the sound 
of five noses being blown. 

Well, there you have it, Rosmerta, said Fudge 
thickly. Black was taken away by twenty members of 
the Magical Law Enforcement Squad and Pettigrew 
received the Order of Merlin, First Class, which I 
think was some comfort to his poor mother. Blacks 
been in Azkaban ever since. 

Madam Rosmerta let out a long sigh. 

Is it true hes mad, Minister? 

I wish I could say that he was, said Fudge slowly. I 
certainly believe his masters defeat unhinged him for 
a while. The murder of Pettigrew and all those 
Muggles was the action of a cornered and desperate 
man  cruel ... pointless. Yet I met Black on my last 
inspection of Azkaban. You know, most of the 
prisoners in there sit muttering to themselves in the 
dark; theres no sense in them ... but I was shocked 
at how normal Black seemed. He spoke quite 
rationally to me. It was unnerving. Youd have 
thought he was merely bored  asked if Id finished 
with my newspaper, cool as you please, said he 
missed doing the crossword. Yes, I was astounded at 
  232 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




how little effect the dementors seemed to be having on 
him  and he was one of the most heavily guarded in 
the place, you know. Dementors outside his door day 
and night. 

But what do you think hes broken out to do? said 
Madam Rosmerta. Good gracious, Minister, he isnt 
trying to rejoin YouKnowWho, is he? 

I daresay that is his  er  eventual plan, said 
Fudge evasively. But we hope to catch Black long 
before that. I must say, YouKnowWho alone and 
friendless is one thing . . . but give him back his most 
devoted servant, and I shudder to think how quickly 
hell rise again. ... 

There was a small chink of glass on wood. Someone 
had set down their glass. 

You know, Cornelius, if youre dining with the 
headmaster, wed better head back up to the castle, 
said Professor McGonagall. 

One by one, the pairs of feet in front of Harry took the 
weight of their owners once more; hems of cloaks 
swung into sight, and Madam Rosemertas glittering 
heels disappeared behind the bar. The door of the 
Three Broomsticks opened again, there was another 
flurry of snow, and the teachers had disappeared. 

Harry? 

Rons and Hermiones faces appeared under the table. 
They were both staring at him, lost for words. 



  233 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






THE FIREBOLT 

Harry didnt have a very clear idea of how he had 
managed to get back into the Honeydukes cellar, 
through the tunnel, and into the castle once more. All 
he knew was that the return trip seemed to take no 
time at all, and that he hardly noticed what he was 
doing, because his head was still pounding with the 
conversation he had just heard. 

Why had nobody ever told him? Dumbledore, Hagrid, 
Mr. Weasley, Cornelius Fudge ... why hadnt anyone 
ever mentioned the fact that Harrys parents had died 
because their best friend had betrayed them? 

Ron and Hermione watched Harry nervously all 
through dinner, not daring to talk about what theyd 
overheard, because Percy was sitting close by them. 
When they went upstairs to the crowded common 
room, it was to find Fred and George had set off half a 
dozen Dungbombs in a fit of endofterm high spirits. 
Harry, who didnt want Fred and George asking him 
whether hed reached Hogsmeade or not, sneaked 
quietly up to the empty dormitory and headed 
  234 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



straight for his bedside cabinet. He pushed his books 
aside and quickly found what he was looking for  
the leatherbound photo album Hagrid had given him 
two years ago, which was full of wizard pictures of his 
mother and father. He sat down on his bed, drew the 
hangings around him, and started turning the s, 
searching, until ... 

He stopped on a picture of his parents wedding day. 
There was his father waving up at him, beaming, the 
untidy black hair Harry had inherited standing up in 
all directions. There was his mother, alight with 
happiness, arm in arm with his dad. And there ... 
that must be him. Their best man ... Harry had never 
given him a thought before. 

If he hadnt known it was the same person, he would 
never have guessed it was Black in this old 
photograph. His face wasnt sunken and waxy, but 
handsome, full of laughter. Had he already been 
working for Voldemort when this picture had been 
taken? Was he already planning the deaths of the two 
people next to him? Did he realize he was facing 
twelve years in Azkaban, twelve years that would 
make him unrecognizable? 

But the dementors dont affect him, Harry thought, 
staring into the handsome, laughing face. He doesnt 
have to hear my mum screaming if they get too close  

Harry slammed the album shut, reached over and 
stuffed it back into his cabinet, took off his robe and 
glasses and got into bed, making sure the hangings 
were hiding him from view. 

The dormitory door opened. 

Harry? said Rons voice uncertainly. 



  235 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But Harry lay still, pretending to be asleep. He heard 
Ron leave again, and rolled over on his back, his eyes 
wide open. 

A hatred such as he had never known before was 
coursing through Harry like poison. He could see 
Black laughing at him through the darkness, as 
though somebody had pasted the picture from the 
album over his eyes. He watched, as though 
somebody was playing him a piece of film, Sirius 
Black blasting Peter Pettigrew (who resembled Neville 
Longbottom) into a thousand pieces. He could hear 
(though having no idea what Blacks voice might 
sound like) a low, excited mutter. It has happened, 
My Lord . . . the Potters have made me their Secret 
Keeper. ... And then came another voice, laughing 
shrilly, the same laugh that Harry heard inside his 
head whenever the dementors drew near. . . . 

Harry, you  you look terrible. 

Harry hadnt gotten to sleep until daybreak. He had 
awoken to find the dormitory deserted, dressed, and 
gone down the spiral staircase to a common room 
that was completely empty except for Ron, who was 
eating a Peppermint Toad and massaging his 
stomach, and Hermione, who had spread her 
homework over three tables. 

Where is everyone? said Harry. 

Gone! Its the first day of the holidays, remember? 
said Ron, watching Harry closely. Its nearly 
lunchtime; I was going to come and wake you up in a 
minute. 

Harry slumped into a chair next to the fire. Snow was 
still falling outside the windows. Crookshanks was 
spread out in front of the fire like a large, ginger rug. 

  236 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




You really dont look well, you know, Hermione said, 
peering anxiously into his face. 

Im fine, said Harry. 

Harry, listen, said Hermione, exchanging a look with 
Ron, you must be really upset about what we heard 
yesterday. But the thing is, you mustnt go doing 
anything stupid. 

Like what? said Harry. 

Like trying to go after Black, said Ron sharply. 

Harry could tell they had rehearsed this conversation 
while he had been asleep. He didnt say anything. 

You wont, will you, Harry? said Hermione. 

Because Blacks not worth dying for, said Ron. 

Harry looked at them. They didnt seem to 
understand at all. 

Dyou know what I see and hear every time a 
dementor gets too near me? Ron and Hermione 
shook their heads, looking apprehensive. I can hear 
my mum screaming and pleading with Voldemort. 

And if youd heard your mum screaming like that, 
just about to be killed, you wouldnt forget it in a 
hurry. And if you found out someone who was 
supposed to be a friend of hers betrayed her and sent 
Voldemort after her   

Theres nothing you can do! said Hermione, looking 
stricken. The dementors will catch Black and hell go 
back to Azkaban and  and serve him right! 



  237 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




You heard what Fudge said. Black isnt affected by 
Azkaban like normal people are. Its not a 
punishment for him like it is for the others. 

So what are you saying? said Ron, looking very 
tense. You want to  to kill Black or something? 

Dont be silly, said Hermione in a panicky voice. 
Harry doesnt want to kill anyone, do you, Harry? 

Again, Harry didnt answer. He didnt know what he 
wanted to do. All he knew was that the idea of doing 
nothing, while Black was at liberty, was almost more 
than he could stand. 

Malfoy knows, he said abruptly. Remember what 
he said to me in Potions? If it was me, Id hunt him 
down myself. ... Id want revenge.  

Youre going to take Malfoy s advice instead of ours? 
said Ron furiously. Listen ... you know what 
Pettigrews mother got back after Black had finished 
with him? Dad told me  the Order of Merlin, First 
Class, and Pettigrews finger in a box. That was the 
biggest bit of him they could find. Blacks a madman, 
Harry, and hes dangerous   

Malfoys dad must have told him, said Harry, 
ignoring Ron. He was right in Voldemorts inner 
circle   

 Say YouKnotuWho, will you? interjected Ron 
angrily. 

  so obviously, the Malfoys knew Black was working 
for Voldemort   

  and Malfoyd love to see you blown into about a 
million pieces, like Pettigrew! Get a grip. Malfoys just 

  238 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




hoping you 11 get yourself killed before he has to play 
you at Quidditch. 

Harry, please, said Hermione, her eyes now shining 
with tears, please be sensible. Black did a terrible, 
terrible thing, but ddont put yourself in danger, its 
what Black wants. ... Oh, Harry, youd be playing 
right into Blacks hands if you went looking for him. 
Your mum and dad wouldnt want you to get hurt, 
would they? Theyd never want you to go looking for 
Black! 

Ill never know what theyd have wanted, because 
thanks to Black, Ive never spoken to them, said 
Harry shortly. 

There was a silence in which Crookshanks stretched 
luxuriously, flexing his claws. Rons pocket quivered. 

Look, said Ron, obviously casting around for a 
change of subject, its the holidays! Its nearly 
Christmas! Lets  lets go down and see Hagrid. We 
havent visited him for ages! 

No! said Hermione quickly. Harry isnt supposed to 
leave the castle, Ron   

Yeah, lets go, said Harry, sitting up, and I can ask 
him how come he never mentioned Black when he 
told me all about my parents! 

Further discussion of Sirius Black plainly wasnt 
what Ron had had in mind. 

Or we could have a game of chess, he said hastily, 
or Gobstones. Percy left a set   

No, lets visit Hagrid, said Harry firmly. 



  239 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




So they got their cloaks from their dormitories and set 
off through the portrait hole (Stand and fight, you 
yellowbellied mongrels!), down through the empty 
castle and out through the oak front doors. 

They made their way slowly down the lawn, making a 
shallow trench in the glittering, powdery snow, their 
socks and the hems of their cloaks soaked and 
freezing. The Forbidden Forest looked as though it 
had been enchanted, each tree smattered with silver, 
and Hagrids cabin looked like an iced cake. 

Ron knocked, but there was no answer. 

Hes not out, is he? said Hermione, who was 
shivering under her cloak. 

Ron had his ear to the door. 

Theres a weird noise, he said. Listen  is that 
Fang? 

Harry and Hermione put their ears to the door too. 
From inside the cabin came a series of low, throbbing 
moans. 

Think wed better go and get someone? said Ron 
nervously. 

Hagrid! called Harry, thumping the door. Hagrid, 
are you in there? 

There was a sound of heavy footsteps, then the door 
creaked open. Hagrid stood there with his eyes red 
and swollen, tears splashing down the front of his 
leather vest. 

Yehve heard? he bellowed, and he flung himself 
onto Harrys neck. 

  240 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hagrid being at least twice the size of a normal man, 
this was no laughing matter. Harry, about to collapse 
under Hagrids weight, was rescued by Ron and 
Hermione, who each seized Hagrid under an arm and 
heaved him back into the cabin. Hagrid allowed 
himself to be steered into a chair and slumped over 
the table, sobbing uncontrollably, his face glazed with 
tears that dripped down into his tangled beard. 

Hagrid, what is it? said Hermione, aghast. 

Harry spotted an officiallooking letter lying open on 
the table. 

Whats this, Hagrid? 

Hagrids sobs redoubled, but he shoved the letter 
toward Harry, who picked it up and read aloud: 

Dear Mr. Hagrid, 

Further to our inquiry into the attack by a hippogriff on 
a student in your class, we have accepted the 
assurances of Professor Dumbledore that you bear no 
responsibility for the regrettable incident. 

Well, thats okay then, Hagrid! said Ron, clapping 
Hagrid on the shoulder. But Hagrid continued to sob, 
and waved one of his gigantic hands, inviting Harry to 
read on. 

However, we must register our concern about the 
hippogriff in question. We have decided to uphold the 
official complaint of Mr. Lucius Malfoy, and this matter 
will therefore be taken to the Committee for the 
Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. The hearing will take 
place on April 20th, and we ask you to present 
yourself and your hippogriff at the Committees offices 



  241 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




in London on that date. In the meantime, the hippogriff 
should be kept tethered and isolated. 

Yours in fellowship ... 

There followed a list of the school governors. 

Oh, said Ron. But you said Buckbeak isnt a bad 
hippogriff, Hagrid. I bet hell get off   

Yeh don know them gargoyles at the Committee fer 
the Disposal o Dangerous Creatures! choked Hagrid, 
wiping his eyes on his sleeve. Theyve got it in fer 
interestin creatures! 

A sudden sound from the corner of Hagrid s cabin 
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione whip around. 
Buckbeak the hippogriff was lying in the corner, 
chomping on something that was oozing blood all over 
the floor. 

I couldn leave him tied up out there in the snow! 
choked Hagrid. All on his own! At Christmas. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another. 

They had never seen eye to eye with Hagrid about 
what he called interesting creatures and other 
people called terrifying monsters. On the other 
hand, there didnt seem to be any particular harm in 
Buckbeak. In fact, by Hagrids usual standards, he 
was positively cute. 

Youll have to put up a good strong defense, Hagrid, 
said Hermione, sitting down and laying a hand on 
Hagrids massive forearm. Im sure you can prove 
Buckbeak is safe. 



  242 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Wont make no difference! sobbed Hagrid. Them 
Disposal devils, theyre all in Lucius Malfoys pocket! 
Scared o him! An if I lose the case, Buckbeak   

Hagrid drew his finger swiftly across his throat, then 
gave a great wail and lurched forward, his face in his 
arms. 

What about Dumbledore, Hagrid? said Harry. 

Hes done moren enough fer me already, groaned 
Hagrid. Got enough on his plate what with keepin 
them dementors outta the castle, an Sirius Black 
lurkin around   

Ron and Hermione looked quickly at Harry, as though 
expecting him to start berating Hagrid for not telling 
him the truth about Black. But Harry couldnt bring 
himself to do it, not now that he saw Hagrid so 
miserable and scared. 

Listen, Hagrid, he said, you cant give up. 
Hermiones right, you just need a good defense. You 
can call us as witnesses   

Im sure Ive read about a case of hippogriffbaiting, 
said Hermione thoughtfully, where the hippogriff got 
off. Ill look it up for you, Hagrid, and see exactly what 
happened. 

Hagrid howled still more loudly. Harry and Hermione 
looked at Ron to help them. 

Er  shall I make a cup of tea? said Ron. 

Harry stared at him. 

Its what my mum does whenever someones upset, 
Ron muttered, shrugging. 

  243 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




At last, after many more assurances of help, with a 
steaming mug of tea in front of him, Hagrid blew his 
nose on a handkerchief the size of a tablecloth and 
said, Yer right. I can afford to go ter pieces. Gotta 
pull meself together. ... 

Fang the boarhound came timidly out from under the 
table and laid his head on Hagrid s knee. 

Ive not bin meself lately, said Hagrid, stroking Fang 
with one hand and mopping his face with the other. 
Worried abou Buckbeak, an no one likin me classes 



We do like them! lied Hermione at once. 

Yeah, theyre great! said Ron, crossing his fingers 
under the table. Er  how are the flobberworms? 

Dead, said Hagrid gloomily. Too much lettuce. 

Oh no! said Ron, his lip twitching. 

An them dementors make me feel ruddy terrible an 
all, said Hagrid, with a sudden shudder. Gotta walk 
past em evry time I want a drink in the Three 
Broomsticks. S like bein back in Azkaban   

He fell silent, gulping his tea. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione watched him breathlessly. They had never 
heard Hagrid talk about his brief spell in Azkaban 
before. After a pause, Hermione said timidly, Is it 
awful in there, Hagrid? 

Yehve no idea, said Hagrid quietly. Never bin 
anywhere like it. Thought I was goin mad. Kep goin 
over horrible stuff in me mind . . . the day I got 
expelled from Hogwarts . . . day me dad died . . . day I 
had ter let Norbert go. ... 

  244 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




His eyes filled with tears. Norbert was the baby 
dragon Hagrid had once won in a game of cards. 



Yeh can really remember who yeh are after a while. 
An yeh can see the point o livin at all. I used ter 
hope Id jus die in me sleep. ... When they let me out, 
it was like bein born again, evrythin came floodin 
back, it was the bes feelin in the world. Mind, the 
dementors werent keen on lettin me go. 

But you were innocent! said Hermione. 

Hagrid snorted. 

Think that matters to them? They don care. Long as 
theyve got a couple o hundred humans stuck there 
with em, so they can leech all the happiness out of 
em, they don give a damn whos guilty an whos 
not. 

Hagrid went quiet for a moment, staring into his tea. 
Then he said quietly, Thought o jus letting 
Buckbeak go ... tryin ter make him fly away ... but 
how dyeh explain ter a hippogriff its gotta go inter 
hidin? An  an Im scared o breakin the law. ... He 
looked up at them, tears leaking down his face again. 
I don ever want ter go back ter Azkaban. 

The trip to Hagrids, though far from fun, had 
nevertheless had the effect Ron and Hermione had 
hoped. Though Harry had by no means forgotten 
about Black, he couldnt brood constantly on revenge 
if he wanted to help Hagrid win his case against the 
Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. 
He, Ron, and Hermione went to the library the next 
day and returned to the empty common room laden 
with books that might help prepare a defense for 
Buckbeak. The three of them sat in front of the 
roaring fire, slowly turning the s of dusty 
  245 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




volumes about famous cases of marauding beasts, 
speaking occasionally when they ran across 
something relevant. 

Heres something ... there was a case in 1722 ... but 
the hippogriff was convicted  ugh, look what they 
did to it, thats disgusting   

This might help, look  a manticore savaged 
someone in 1296, and they let the manticore off  oh 
 no, that was only because everyone was too scared 
to go near it. ... 

Meanwhile, in the rest of the castle, the usual 
magnificent Christmas decorations had been put up, 
despite the fact that hardly any of the students 
remained to enjoy them. Thick streamers of holly and 
mistletoe were strung along the corridors, mysterious 
lights shone from inside every suit of armor, and the 
Great Hall was filled with its usual twelve Christmas 
trees, glittering with golden stars. A powerful and 
delicious smell of cooking pervaded the corridors, and 
by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that even 
Scabbers poked his nose out of the shelter of Rons 
pocket to sniff hopefully at the air. 

On Christmas morning, Harry was woken by Ron 
throwing his pillow at him. 

Oy! Presents! 

Harry reached for his glasses and put them on, 
squinting through the semidarkness to the foot of his 
bed, where a small heap of parcels had appeared. Ron 
was already ripping the paper off his own presents. 

Another sweater from Mum . . . maroon again . . . see if 
youve got one. 



  246 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry had. Mrs. Weasley had sent him a scarlet 
sweater with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, 
also a dozen homebaked mince pies, some Christmas 
cake, and a box of nut brittle. As he moved all these 
things aside, he saw a long, thin package lying 
underneath. 

Whats that? said Ron, looking over, a freshly 
unwrapped pair of maroon socks in his hand. 

Dunno ... 

Harry ripped the parcel open and gasped as a 
magnificent, gleaming broomstick rolled out onto his 
bedspread. Ron dropped his socks and jumped off his 
bed for a closer look. 

I dont believe it, he said hoarsely. 

It was a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Harry 
had gone to see every day in Diagon Alley. Its handle 
glittered as he picked it up. He could feel it vibrating 
and let go; it hung in midair, unsupported, at exactly 
the right height for him to mount it. His eyes moved 
from the golden registration number at the top of the 
handle, right down to the perfectly smooth, 
streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail. 

Who sent it to you? said Ron in a hushed voice. 

Look and see if theres a card, said Harry. 

Ron ripped apart the Firebolts wrappings. 

Nothing! Blimey, whod spend that much on you? 

Well, said Harry, feeling stunned, Im betting it 
wasnt the Dursleys. 



  247 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I bet it was Dumbledore, said Ron, now walking 
around and around the Firebolt, taking in every 
glorious inch. He sent you the Invisibility Cloak 
anonymously. ... 

That was my dads, though, said Harry. 
Dumbledore was just passing it on to me. He 
wouldnt spend hundreds of Galleons on me. He cant 
go giving students stuff like this   

Thats why he wouldnt say it was from him! said 
Ron. In case some git like Malfoy said it was 
favoritism. Hey, Harry  Ron gave a great whoop of 
laughter  Malfoyl Wait till he sees you on this! Hell 
be sick as a pig! This is an international standard 
broom, this is! 

I cant believe this, Harry muttered, running a hand 
along the Firebolt, while Ron sank onto Harrys bed, 
laughing his head off at the thought of Malfoy.  Who 
 ? 

I know, said Ron, controlling himself, I know who it 
couldve been  Lupin! 

What? said Harry, now starting to laugh himself. 
Lupin? Listen, if he had this much gold, hed be able 
to buy himself some new robes. 

Yeah, but he likes you, said Ron. And he was away 
when your Nimbus got smashed, and he mightve 
heard about it and decided to visit Diagon Alley and 
get this for you   

What dyou mean, he was away? said Harry. He 
was ill when I was playing in that match. 



  248 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well, he wasnt in the hospital wing, said Ron. I 
was there, cleaning out the bedpans on that detention 
from Snape, remember? 

Harry frowned at Ron. 

I cant see Lupin affording something like this. 

What re you two laughing about? 

Hermione had just come in, wearing her dressing 
gown and carrying Crookshanks, who was looking 
very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his 
neck. 

Dont bring him in here! said Ron, hurriedly 
snatching Scabbers from the depths of his bed and 
stowing him in his pajama pocket. But Hermione 
wasnt listening. She dropped Crookshanks onto 
Seamuss empty bed and stared, openmouthed, at 
the Firebolt. 

Oh, Harry\ Who sent you that? 

No idea, said Harry. There wasnt a card or 
anything with it. 

To his great surprise, Hermione did not appear either 
excited or intrigued by the news. On the contrary, her 
face fell, and she bit her lip. 

Whats the matter with you? said Ron. 

I dont know, said Hermione slowly, but its a bit 
odd, isnt it? I mean, this is supposed to be quite a 
good broom, isnt it? 

Ron sighed exasperatedly. 



  249 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Its the best broom there is, Hermione, he said. 

So it mustve been really expensive. ... 

Probably cost more than all the Slytherins brooms 
put together, said Ron happily. 

Well ... whod send Harry something as expensive as 
that, and not even tell him theyd sent it? said 
Hermione. 

Who cares? said Ron impatiently. Listen, Harry, 
can I have a go on it? Can I? 

I dont think anyone should ride that broom just yet! 
said Hermione shrilly. 

Harry and Ron looked at her. 

What dyou think Harrys going to do with it  sweep 
the floor? said Ron. 

But before Hermione could answer, Crookshanks 
sprang from Seamuss bed, right at Rons chest. 

GET  HIM  OUT  OF  HERE! Ron bellowed 
as Crookshanks s claws ripped his pajamas and 
Scabbers attempted a wild escape over his shoulder. 
Ron seized Scabbers by the tail and aimed a 
misjudged kick at Crookshanks that hit the trunk at 
the end of Harrys bed, knocking it over and causing 
Ron to hop up and down, howling with pain. 

Crookshanks s fur suddenly stood on end. A shrill, 
tinny whistling was filling the room. The Pocket 
Sneakoscope had become dislodged from Uncle 
Vernons old socks and was whirling and gleaming on 
the floor. 



  250 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I forgot about that! Harry said, bending down and 
picking up the Sneakoscope. I never wear those 
socks if I can help it. ... 

The Sneakoscope whirled and whistled in his palm. 
Crookshanks was hissing and spitting at it. 

Youd better take that cat out of here, Hermione, 
said Ron furiously, sitting on Harrys bed nursing his 
toe. Cant you shut that thing up? he added to 
Harry as Hermione strode out of the room, 
Crookshanks s yellow eyes still fixed maliciously on 
Ron. 

Harry stuffed the Sneakoscope back inside the socks 
and threw it back into his trunk. All that could be 
heard now were Rons stifled moans of pain and rage. 
Scabbers was huddled in Rons hands. It had been a 
while since Harry had seen him out of Rons pocket, 
and he was unpleasantly surprised to see that 
Scabbers, once so fat, was now very skinny; patches 
of fur seemed to have fallen out too. 

Hes not looking too good, is he? Harry said. 

Its stress! said Ron. Hed be fine if that big stupid 
furball left him alone! 

But Harry, remembering what the woman at the 
Magical Menagerie had said about rats living only 
three years, couldnt help feeling that unless Scabbers 
had powers he had never revealed, he was reaching 
the end of his life. And despite Rons frequent 
complaints that Scabbers was both boring and 
useless, he was sure Ron would be very miserable if 
Scabbers died. 

Christmas spirit was definitely thin on the ground in 
the Gryffindor common room that morning. Hermione 

  251 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




had shut Crookshanks in her dormitory, but was 
furious with Ron for trying to kick him; Ron was still 
fuming about Crookshanks s fresh attempt to eat 
Scabbers. Harry gave up trying to make them talk to 
each other and devoted himself to examining the 
Firebolt, which he had brought down to the common 
room with him. For some reason this seemed to 
annoy Hermione as well; she didnt say anything, but 
she kept looking darkly at the broom as though it too 
had been criticizing her cat. 

At lunchtime they went down to the Great Hall, to 
find that the House tables had been moved against 
the walls again, and that a single table, set for twelve, 
stood in the middle of the room. Professors 
Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and 
Flitwick were there, along with Filch, the caretaker, 
who had taken off his usual brown coat and was 
wearing a very old and rather moldylooking tailcoat. 
There were only three other students, two extremely 
nervouslooking first years and a sullenfaced 
Slytherin fifth year. 

Merry Christmas! said Dumbledore as Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione approached the table. As there are so 
few of us, it seemed foolish to use the House tables. 

... Sit down, sit down! 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down side by side at 
the end of the table. 

Crackers! said Dumbledore enthusiastically, offering 
the end of a large silver noisemaker to Snape, who 
took it reluctantly and tugged. With a bang like a 
gunshot, the cracker flew apart to reveal a large, 
pointed witchs hat topped with a stuffed vulture. 

Harry, remembering the boggart, caught Rons eye 
and they both grinned; Snape s mouth thinned and 

  252 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




he pushed the hat toward Dumbledore, who swapped 
it for his wizards hat at once. 



Dig in! he advised the table, beaming around. 

As Harry was helping himself to roast potatoes, the 
doors of the Great Hall opened again. It was Professor 
Trelawney, gliding toward them as though on wheels. 
She had put on a green sequined dress in honor of 
the occasion, making her look more than ever like a 
glittering, oversized dragonfly. 

Sibyll, this is a pleasant surprise! said Dumbledore, 
standing up. 

I have been crystal gazing, Headmaster, said 
Professor Trelawney in her mistiest, most faraway 
voice, and to my astonishment, I saw myself 
abandoning my solitary luncheon and coming to join 
you. Who am I to refuse the promptings of fate? I at 
once hastened from my tower, and I do beg you to 
forgive my lateness. ... 

Certainly, certainly, said Dumbledore, his eyes 
twinkling. Let me draw you up a chair   

And he did indeed draw a chair in midair with his 
wand, which revolved for a few seconds before falling 
with a thud between Professors Snape and 
McGonagall. Professor Trelawney, however, did not sit 
down; her enormous eyes had been roving around the 
table, and she suddenly uttered a kind of soft scream. 

I dare not, Headmaster! If I join the table, we shall be 
thirteen! Nothing could be more unlucky! Never forget 
that when thirteen dine together, the first to rise will 
be the first to die! 



  253 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well risk it, Sibyll, said Professor McGonagall 
impatiently. Do sit down, the turkeys getting stone 
cold. 



Professor Trelawney hesitated, then lowered herself 
into the empty chair, eyes shut and mouth clenched 
tight, as though expecting a thunderbolt to hit the 
table. Professor McGonagall poked a large spoon into 
the nearest tureen. 

Tripe, Sibyll? 

Professor Trelawney ignored her. Eyes open again, 
she looked around once more and said, But where is 
dear Professor Lupin? 

Im afraid the poor fellow is ill again, said 
Dumbledore, indicating that everybody should start 
serving themselves. Most unfortunate that it should 
happen on Christmas Day. 

But surely you already knew that, Sibyll? said 
Professor McGonagall, her eyebrows raised. 

Professor Trelawney gave Professor McGonagall a very 
cold look. 

Certainly I knew, Minerva, she said quietly. But 
one does not parade the fact that one is AllKnowing. 

I frequently act as though I am not possessed of the 
Inner Eye, so as not to make others nervous. 

That explains a great deal, said Professor 
McGonagall tartly. 

Professor Trelawneys voice suddenly became a good 
deal less misty. 



  254 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




If you must know, Minerva, I have seen that poor 
Professor Lupin will not be with us for very long. He 
seems aware, himself, that his time is short. He 
positively fled when I offered to crystal gaze for him  



Imagine that, said Professor McGonagall dryly. 

I doubt, said Dumbledore, in a cheerful but slightly 
raised voice, which put an end to Professor 
McGonagall and Professor Trelawneys conversation, 
that Professor Lupin is in any immediate danger. 
Severus, youve made the potion for him again? 

Yes, Headmaster, said Snape. 

Good, said Dumbledore. Then he should be up and 
about in no time. ... Derek, have you had any of these 
chipolatas? Theyre excellent. 

The firstyear boy went furiously red on being 
addressed directly by Dumbledore, and took the 
platter of sausages with trembling hands. 

Professor Trelawney behaved almost normally until 
the very end of Christmas dinner, two hours later. 

Full to bursting with Christmas dinner and still 
wearing their party hats, Harry and Ron got up first 
from the table and she shrieked loudly. 

My dears! Which of you left his seat first? Which? 

Dunno, said Ron, looking uneasily at Harry. 

I doubt it will make much difference, said Professor 
McGonagall coldly, unless a mad axeman is waiting 
outside the doors to slaughter the first into the 
entrance hall. 



  255 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Even Ron laughed. Professor Trelawney looked highly 
affronted. 

Coming? Harry said to Hermione. 

No, Hermione muttered, I want a quick word with 
Professor McGonagall. 

Probably trying to see if she can take any more 
classes, yawned Ron as they made their way into the 
entrance hall, which was completely devoid of mad 
axemen. 

When they reached the portrait hole, they found Sir 
Cadogan enjoying a Christmas party with a couple of 
monks, several previous headmasters of Hogwarts, 
and his fat pony. He pushed up his visor and toasted 
them with a flagon of mead. 

Merry  hie  Christmas! Password? 

Scurvy cur, said Ron. 

And the same to you, sir! roared Sir Cadogan as the 
painting swung forward to admit them. 

Harry went straight up to the dormitory, collected the 
Firebolt and the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione 
had given him for his birthday, brought them 
downstairs, and tried to find something to do to the 
Firebolt; however, there were no bent twigs to clip, 
and the handle was so shiny already it seemed 
pointless to polish it. He and Ron simply sat admiring 
it from every angle until the portrait hole opened, and 
Hermione came in, accompanied by Professor 
McGonagall. 

Though Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor 
House, Harry had seen her in the common room only 

  256 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




once before, and that had been to make a very grave 
announcement. He and Ron stared at her, both 
holding the Firebolt. Hermione walked around them, 
sat down, picked up the nearest book, and hid her 
face behind it. 

So thats it, is it? said Professor McGonagall beadily, 
walking over to the fireside and staring at the 
Firebolt. Miss Granger has just informed me that you 
have been sent a broomstick, Potter. 

Harry and Ron looked around at Hermione. They 
could see her forehead reddening over the top of her 
book, which was upside down. 

May I? said Professor McGonagall, but she didnt 
wait for an answer before pulling the Firebolt out of 
their hands. She examined it carefully from handle to 
twigends. Hmm. And there was no note at all, 

Potter? No card? No message of any kind? 

No, said Harry blankly. 

I see ... , said Professor McGonagall. Well, Im 
afraid I will have to take this, Potter. 

W  what? said Harry, scrambling to his feet. 
Why? 

It will need to be checked for jinxes, said Professor 
McGonagall. Of course, Im no expert, but I daresay 
Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it 
down   

Strip it down? repeated Ron, as though Professor 
McGonagall was mad. 



  257 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It shouldnt take more than a few weeks, said 
Professor McGonagall. You will have it back if we are 
sure it is jinxfree. 

Theres nothing wrong with it! said Harry, his voice 
shaking slightly. Honestly, Professor   

You cant know that, Potter, said Professor 
McGonagall, quite kindly, not until youve flown it, at 
any rate, and Im afraid that is out of the question 
until we are certain that it has not been tampered 
with. I shall keep you informed. 

Professor McGonagall turned on her heel and carried 
the Firebolt out of the portrait hole, which closed 
behind her. Harry stood staring after her, the tin of 
HighFinish Polish still clutched in his hands. Ron, 
however, rounded on Hermione. 

What did you go running to McGonagall for? 

Hermione threw her book aside. She was still pink in 
the face, but stood up and faced Ron defiantly. 

Because I thought  and Professor McGonagall 
agrees with me  that that broom was probably sent 
to Harry by Sirius Black! 



  258 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   





THE PATRONUS 

Harry knew that Hermione had meant well, but that 
didnt stop him from being angry with her. He had 
been the owner of the best broom in the world for a 
few short hours, and now, because of her 
interference, he didnt know whether he would ever 
see it again. He was positive that there was nothing 
wrong with the Firebolt now, but what sort of state 
would it be in once it had been subjected to all sorts 
of antijinx tests? 

Ron was furious with Hermione too. As far as he was 
concerned, the strippingdown of a brandnew 
Firebolt was nothing less than criminal damage. 
Hermione, who remained convinced that she had 
acted for the best, started avoiding the common room. 
Harry and Ron supposed she had taken refuge in the 
library and didnt try to persuade her to come back. 
All in all, they were glad when the rest of the school 
returned shortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower 
became crowded and noisy again. 



  259 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Wood sought Harry out on the night before term 
started. 



Had a good Christmas? he said, and then, without 
waiting for an answer, he sat down, lowered his voice, 
and said, Ive been doing some thinking over 
Christmas, Harry. After the last match, you know. If 
the dementors come to the next one ... I mean . . . we 
cant afford you to  well   

Wood broke off, looking awkward. 

Im working on it, said Harry quickly. Professor 
Lupin said hed train me to ward off the dementors. 
We should be starting this week. He said hed have 
time after Christmas. 

Ah, said Wood, his expression clearing. Well, in 
that case  I really didnt want to lose you as Seeker, 
Harry. And have you ordered a new broom yet? 

No, said Harry. 

What! Youd better get a move on, you know  you 
cant ride that Shooting Star against Ravenclaw! 

He got a Firebolt for Christmas, said Ron. 

A Firebolt? No! Seriously? A  a real Firebolt? 

Dont get excited, Oliver, said Harry gloomily. I 
havent got it anymore. It was confiscated. And he 
explained all about how the Firebolt was now being 
checked for jinxes. 

Jinxed? How could it be jinxed? 



  260 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Sirius Black, Harry said wearily. Hes supposed to 
be after me. So McGonagall reckons he might have 
sent it. 

Waving aside the information that a famous murderer 
was after his Seeker, Wood said, But Black couldnt 
have bought a Firebolt! Hes on the run! The whole 
countrys on the lookout for him! How could he just 
walk into Quality Quidditch Supplies and buy a 
broomstick? 

I know, said Harry, but McGonagall still wants to 
strip it down   

Wood went pale. 

Ill go and talk to her, Harry, he promised. Ill make 
her see reason. ... A Firebolt ... a real Firebolt, on our 
team . . . She wants Gryffindor to win as much as we 
do. ... Ill make her see sense. A Firebolt ... 

Classes started again the next day. The last thing 
anyone felt like doing was spending two hours on the 
grounds on a raw January morning, but Hagrid had 
provided a bonfire full of salamanders for their 
enjoyment, and they spent an unusually good lesson 
collecting dry wood and leaves to keep the fire blazing 
while the flameloving lizards scampered up and 
down the crumbling, whitehot logs. The first 
Divination lesson of the new term was much less fun; 
Professor Trelawney was now teaching them 
palmistry, and she lost no time in informing Harry 
that he had the shortest life line she had ever seen. 

It was Defense Against the Dark Arts that Harry was 
keen to get to; after his conversation with Wood, he 
wanted to get started on his antidementor lessons as 
soon as possible. 



  261 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ah yes, said Lupin, when Harry reminded him of his 
promise at the end of class. Let me see ... how about 
eight oclock on Thursday evening? The History of 
Magic classroom should be large enough. ... Ill have 
to think carefully about how were going to do this. ... 
We cant bring a real dementor into the castle to 
practice on. ... 

Still looks ill, doesnt he? said Ron as they walked 
down the corridor, heading to dinner. What dyou 
reckon s the matter with him? 

There was a loud and impatient tuh from behind 
them. It was Hermione, who had been sitting at the 
feet of a suit of armor, repacking her bag, which was 
so full of books it wouldnt close. 

And what are you tutting at us for? said Ron 
irritably. 

Nothing, said Hermione in a lofty voice, heaving her 
bag back over her shoulder. 

Yes, you were, said Ron. I said I wonder whats 
wrong with Lupin, and you   

Well, isnt it obvious? said Hermione, with a look of 
maddening superiority. 

If you dont want to tell us, dont, snapped Ron. 

Fine, said Hermione haughtily, and she marched off. 

She doesnt know, said Ron, staring resentfully after 
Hermione. Shes just trying to get us to talk to her 
again. 

At eight oclock on Thursday evening, Harry left 
Gryffindor Tower for the History of Magic classroom. 

  262 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It was dark and empty when he arrived, but he lit the 
lamps with his wand and had waited only five 
minutes when Professor Lupin turned up, carrying a 
large packing case, which he heaved onto Professor 
Binns desk. 

Whats that? said Harry. 

Another boggart, said Lupin, stripping off his cloak. 
Ive been combing the castle ever since Tuesday, and 
very luckily, I found this one lurking inside Mr. Filchs 
filing cabinet. Its the nearest well get to a real 
dementor. The boggart will turn into a dementor when 
he sees you, so well be able to practice on him. I can 
store him in my office when were not using him; 
theres a cupboard under my desk hell like. 

Okay, said Harry, trying to sound as though he 
wasnt apprehensive at all and merely glad that Lupin 
had found such a good substitute for a real dementor. 

So ... Professor Lupin had taken out his own wand, 
and indicated that Harry should do the same. The 
spell I am going to try and teach you is highly 
advanced magic, Harry  well beyond Ordinary 
Wizarding Level. It is called the Patronus Charm. 

How does it work? said Harry nervously. 

Well, when it works correctly, it conjures up a 
Patronus, said Lupin, which is a kind of anti 
dementor  a guardian that acts as a shield between 
you and the dementor. 

Harry had a sudden vision of himself crouching 
behind a Hagridsized figure holding a large club. 
Professor Lupin continued, The Patronus is a kind of 
positive force, a projection of the very things that the 
dementor feeds upon  hope, happiness, the desire 
  263 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




to survive  but it cannot feel despair, as real 
humans can, so the dementors cant hurt it. But I 
must warn you, Harry, that the charm might be too 
advanced for you. Many qualified wizards have 
difficulty with it. 

What does a Patronus look like? said Harry 
curiously. 

Each one is unique to the wizard who conjures it. 
And how do you conjure it? 

With an incantation, which will work only if you are 
concentrating, with all your might, on a single, very 
happy memory. 

Harry cast his mind about for a happy memory. 
Certainly, nothing that had happened to him at the 
Dursleys was going to do. Finally, he settled on the 
moment when he had first ridden a broomstick. 

Right, he said, trying to recall as exactly as possible 
the wonderful, soaring sensation of his stomach. 

The incantation is this   Lupin cleared his throat. 
Expecto patronum). 

Expecto patronum, Harry repeated under his breath, 
expecto patronum. 

Concentrating hard on your happy memory? 

Oh  yeah   said Harry, quickly forcing his 
thoughts back to that first broom ride. Expecto 
patrono  no, patronum  sorry  expecto patronum, 
expecto patronum   



  264 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Something whooshed suddenly out of the end of his 
wand; it looked like a wisp of silvery gas. 



Did you see that? said Harry excitedly. Something 
happened! 

Very good, said Lupin, smiling. Right, then  ready 
to try it on a dementor? 

Yes, Harry said, gripping his wand very tightly, and 
moving into the middle of the deserted classroom. He 
tried to keep his mind on flying, but something else 
kept intruding. . . . Any second now, he might hear his 
mother again . . . but he shouldnt think that, or he 
would hear her again, and he didnt want to ... or did 
he? 

Lupin grasped the lid of the packing case and pulled. 

A dementor rose slowly from the box, its hooded face 
turned toward Harry, one glistening, scabbed hand 
gripping its cloak. The lamps around the classroom 
flickered and went out. The dementor stepped from 
the box and started to sweep silently toward Harry, 
drawing a deep, rattling breath. A wave of piercing 
cold broke over him  

Expecto patronurrd Harry yelled. Expecto patronum). 
Expecto   

But the classroom and the dementor were dissolving. 

. . . Harry was falling again through thick white fog, 
and his mothers voice was louder than ever, echoing 
inside his head   Not Harry\ Not Harry\ Please  Ill 
do anything   

Stand aside. Stand aside, girl\ 

Harry! 

  265 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry jerked back to life. He was lying flat on his back 
on the floor. The classroom lamps were alight again. 
He didnt have to ask what had happened. 

Sorry, he muttered, sitting up and feeling cold sweat 
trickling down behind his glasses. 

Are you all right? said Lupin. 

Yes ... Harry pulled himself up on one of the desks 
and leaned against it. 

Here   Lupin handed him a Chocolate Frog. Eat 
this before we try again. I didnt expect you to do it 
your first time; in fact, I would have been astounded if 
you had. 

Its getting worse, Harry muttered, biting off the 
Frogs head. I could hear her louder that time  and 
him  Voldemort   

Lupin looked paler than usual. 

Harry, if you dont want to continue, I will more than 
understand   

I do! said Harry fiercely, stuffing the rest of the 
Chocolate Frog into his mouth. Ive got to! What if 
the dementors turn up at our match against 
Ravenclaw? I cant afford to fall off again. If we lose 
this game weve lost the Quidditch Cup! 

All right then ... , said Lupin. You might want to 
select another memory, a happy memory, I mean, to 
concentrate on. ... That one doesnt seem to have 
been strong enough. ... 

Harry thought hard and decided his feelings when 
Gryffindor had won the House Championship last 

  266 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




year had definitely qualified as very happy. He 
gripped his wand tightly again and took up his 
position in the middle of the classroom. 

Ready? said Lupin, gripping the box lid. 

Ready, said Harry, trying hard to fill his head with 
happy thoughts about Gryffindor winning, and not 
dark thoughts about what was going to happen when 
the box opened. 

Go! said Lupin, pulling off the lid. The room went 
icily cold and dark once more. The dementor glided 
forward, drawing its breath; one rotting hand was 
extending toward Harry  

Expecto patronum). Harry yelled. Expecto patronuml 
Expecto pat   

White fog obscured his senses . . . big, blurred shapes 
were moving around him ... then came a new voice, a 
mans voice, shouting, panicking  

Lily, take Harry and go\ Its him\ Go! Run\ Ill hold him 

off~ 

The sounds of someone stumbling from a room  a 
door bursting open  a cackle of highpitched 
laughter  

Harry! Harry ... wake up. ... 

Lupin was tapping Harry hard on the face. This time 
it was a minute before Harry understood why he was 
lying on a dusty classroom floor. 

I heard my dad, Harry mumbled. Thats the first 
time Ive ever heard him  he tried to take on 



  267 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Voldemort himself, to give my mum time to run for it. 



Harry suddenly realized that there were tears on his 
face mingling with the sweat. He bent his face as low 
as possible, wiping them off on his robes, pretending 
to do up his shoelace, so that Lupin wouldnt see. 

You heard James? said Lupin in a strange voice. 

Yeah ... Face dry, Harry looked up. Why  you 
didnt know my dad, did you? 

I  I did, as a matter of fact, said Lupin. We were 
friends at Hogwarts. Listen, Harry  perhaps we 
should leave it here for tonight. This charm is 
ridiculously advanced. ... I shouldnt have suggested 
putting you through this. ... 

No! said Harry. He got up again. Ill have one more 
go! Im not thinking of happy enough things, thats 
what it is. ... Hang on. ... 

He racked his brains. A really, really happy memory 
. . . one that he could turn into a good, strong 
Patronus ... 

The moment when hed first found out he was a 
wizard, and would be leaving the Dursleys for 
Hogwarts! If that wasnt a happy memory, he didnt 
know what was. ... Concentrating very hard on how 
he had felt when hed realized hed be leaving Privet 
Drive, Harry got to his feet and faced the packing case 
once more. 

Ready? said Lupin, who looked as though he were 
doing this against his better judgment. 

Concentrating hard? All right  go! 



  268 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He pulled off the lid of the case for the third time, and 
the dementor rose out of it; the room fell cold and 
dark  

EXPECTO PATRONUM  Harry bellowed.  EXPECTO 
PATRONUM EXPECTO PATRONUM  

The screaming inside Harrys head had started again 
 except this time, it sounded as though it were 
coming from a badly tuned radio  softer and louder 
and softer again  and he could still see the 
dementor  it had halted  and then a huge, silver 
shadow came bursting out of the end of Harrys wand, 
to hover between him and the dementor, and though 
Harrys legs felt like water, he was still on his feet  
though for how much longer, he wasnt sure  

 RiddikulusV roared Lupin, springing forward. 

There was a loud crack, and Harrys cloudy Patronus 
vanished along with the dementor; he sank into a 
chair, feeling as exhausted as if hed just run a mile, 
and felt his legs shaking. Out of the corner of his eye, 
he saw Professor Lupin forcing the boggart back into 
the packing case with his wand; it had turned into a 
silvery orb again. 

Excellent! Lupin said, striding over to where Harry 
sat. Excellent, Harry! That was definitely a start! 

Can we have another go? Just one more go? 

Not now, said Lupin firmly. Youve had enough for 
one night. Here   

He handed Harry a large bar of Honeydukes best 
chocolate. 



  269 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Eat the lot, or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood. 
Same time next week? 

Okay, said Harry. He took a bite of the chocolate 
and watched Lupin extinguishing the lamps that had 
rekindled with the disappearance of the dementor. A 
thought had just occurred to him. 

Professor Lupin? he said. If you knew my dad, you 
mustve known Sirius Black as well. 

Lupin turned very quickly. 

What gives you that idea? he said sharply. 

Nothing  I mean, I just knew they were friends at 
Hogwarts too. ... 

Lupins face relaxed. 

Yes, I knew him, he said shortly. Or I thought I did. 
Youd better be off, Harry, its getting late. 

Harry left the classroom, walking along the corridor 
and around a corner, then took a detour behind a 
suit of armor and sank down on its plinth to finish 
his chocolate, wishing he hadnt mentioned Black, as 
Lupin was obviously not keen on the subject. Then 
Harrys thoughts wandered back to his mother and 
father. ... 

He felt drained and strangely empty, even though he 
was so full of chocolate. Terrible though it was to hear 
his parents last moments replayed inside his head, 
these were the only times Harry had heard their 
voices since he was a very small child. But hed never 
be able to produce a proper Patronus if he half 
wanted to hear his parents again. ... 



  270 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Theyre dead, he told himself sternly. Theyre dead 
and listening to echoes of them wont bring them 
back. Youd better get a grip on yourself if you want 
that Quidditch Cup. 

He stood up, crammed the last bit of chocolate into 
his mouth, and headed back to Gryffindor Tower. 

Ravenclaw played Slytherin a week after the start of 
term. Slytherin won, though narrowly. According to 
Wood, this was good news for Gryffindor, who would 
take second place if they beat Ravenclaw too. He 
therefore increased the number of team practices to 
five a week. This meant that with Lupins anti 
dementor classes, which in themselves were more 
draining than six Quidditch practices, Harry had just 
one night a week to do all his homework. Even so, he 
wasnt showing the strain nearly as much as 
Hermione, whose immense workload finally seemed to 
be getting to her. Every night, without fail, Hermione 
was to be seen in a corner of the common room, 
several tables spread with books, Arithmancy charts, 
rune dictionaries, diagrams of Muggles lifting heavy 
objects, and file upon file of extensive notes; she 
barely spoke to anybody and snapped when she was 
interrupted. 

Hows she doing it? Ron muttered to Harry one 
evening as Harry sat finishing a nasty essay on 
Undetectable Poisons for Snape. Harry looked up. 
Hermione was barely visible behind a tottering pile of 
books. 

Doing what? 

Getting to all her classes! Ron said. I heard her 
talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, 
this morning. They were going on about yesterdays 
lesson, but Hermione cantve been there, because she 

  271 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




was with us in Care of Magical Creatures! And Ernie 
McMillan told me shes never missed a Muggle 
Studies class, but half of them are at the same time 
as Divination, and shes never missed one of them 
either! 

Harry didnt have time to fathom the mystery of 
Hermiones impossible schedule at the moment; he 
really needed to get on with Snapes essay. Two 
seconds later, however, he was interrupted again, this 
time by Wood. 

Bad news, Harry. Ive just been to see Professor 
McGonagall about the Firebolt. She  er  got a bit 
shirty with me. Told me Id got my priorities wrong. 
Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup 
than I do about you staying alive. Just because I told 
her I didnt care if it threw you off, as long as you 
caught the Snitch first. Wood shook his head in 
disbelief. Honestly, the way she was yelling at me . . . 
youd think Id said something terrible. ... Then I 
asked her how much longer she was going to keep it. 
... He screwed up his face and imitated Professor 
McGonagalls severe voice.  As long as necessary, 
Wood ... I reckon its time you ordered a new broom, 
Harry. Theres an order form at the back of Which 
Broomstick ... you could get a Nimbus Two Thousand 
and One, like Malfoys got. 

Im not buying anything Malfoy thinks is good, said 
Harry flatly. 

January faded imperceptibly into February, with no 
change in the bitterly cold weather. The match 
against Ravenclaw was drawing nearer and nearer, 
but Harry still hadnt ordered a new broom. He was 
now asking Professor McGonagall for news of the 
Firebolt after every Transfiguration lesson, Ron 



  272 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




standing hopefully at his shoulder, Hermione rushing 
past with her face averted. 

No, Potter, you cant have it back yet, Professor 
McGonagall told him the twelfth time this happened, 
before hed even opened his mouth. Weve checked 
for most of the usual curses, but Professor Flitwick 
believes the broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. I 
shall tell you once weve finished checking it. Now, 
please stop badgering me. 

To make matters even worse, Harrys antidementor 
lessons were not going nearly as well as he had 
hoped. Several sessions on, he was able to produce 
an indistinct, silvery shadow every time the boggart 
dementor approached him, but his Patronus was too 
feeble to drive the dementor away. All it did was 
hover, like a semitransparent cloud, draining Harry 
of energy as he fought to keep it there. Harry felt 
angry with himself, guilty about his secret desire to 
hear his parents voices again. 

Youre expecting too much of yourself, said 
Professor Lupin sternly in their fourth week of 
practice. For a thirteenyearold wizard, even an 
indistinct Patronus is a huge achievement. You arent 
passing out anymore, are you? 

I thought a Patronus would  charge the dementors 
down or something, said Harry dispiritedly. Make 
them disappear   

The true Patronus does do that, said Lupin. But 
youve achieved a great deal in a very short space of 
time. If the dementors put in an appearance at your 
next Quidditch match, you will be able to keep them 
at bay long enough to get back to the ground. 



  273 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




You said its harder if there are loads of them, said 
Harry. 

I have complete confidence in you, said Lupin, 
smiling. Here  youve earned a drink  something 
from the Three Broomsticks. You wont have tried it 
before   

He pulled two bottles out of his briefcase. 

Butterbeer! said Harry, without thinking. Yeah, I 
like that stuff! 

Lupin raised an eyebrow. 

Oh  Ron and Hermione brought me some back 
from Hogsmeade, Harry lied quickly. 

I see, said Lupin, though he still looked slightly 
suspicious. Well  lets drink to a Gryffindor victory 
against Ravenclaw! Not that Im supposed to take 
sides, as a teacher ... , he added hastily. 

They drank the butterbeer in silence, until Harry 
voiced something hed been wondering for a while. 

Whats under a dementors hood? 

Professor Lupin lowered his bottle thoughtfully. 

Hmmm ... well, the only people who really know are 
in no condition to tell us. You see, the dementor 
lowers its hood only to use its last and worst 
weapon. 

Whats that? 

They call it the Dementors Kiss, said Lupin, with a 
slightly twisted smile. Its what dementors do to 

  274 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




those they wish to destroy utterly. I suppose there 
must be some kind of mouth under there, because 
they clamp their jaws upon the mouth of the victim 
and  and suck out his soul. 

Harry accidentally spat out a bit of butterbeer. 

What  they kill  ? 

Oh no, said Lupin. Much worse than that. You can 
exist without your soul, you know, as long as your 
brain and heart are still working. But you 11 have no 
sense of self anymore, no memory, no ... anything. 
Theres no chance at all of recovery. Youll just  
exist. As an empty shell. And your soul is gone forever 
... lost. 

Lupin drank a little more butterbeer, then said, Its 
the fate that awaits Sirius Black. It was in the Daily 
Prophet this morning. The Ministry have given the 
dementors permission to perform it if they find him. 

Harry sat stunned for a moment at the idea of 
someone having their soul sucked out through their 
mouth. But then he thought of Black. 

He deserves it, he said suddenly. 

You think so? said Lupin lightly. Do you really 
think anyone deserves that? 

Yes, said Harry defiantly. For ... for some things ... 

He would have liked to have told Lupin about the 
conversation hed overheard about Black in the Three 
Broomsticks, about Black betraying his mother and 
father, but it would have involved revealing that hed 
gone to Hogsmeade without permission, and he knew 
Lupin wouldnt be very impressed by that. So he 
  275 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




finished his butterbeer, thanked Lupin, and left the 
History of Magic classroom. 

Harry half wished that he hadnt asked what was 
under a dementors hood, the answer had been so 
horrible, and he was so lost in unpleasant thoughts of 
what it would feel like to have your soul sucked out of 
you that he walked headlong into Professor 
McGonagall halfway up the stairs. 

Do watch where youre going, Potter! 

Sorry, Professor   

Ive just been looking for you in the Gryffindor 
common room. Well, here it is, weve done everything 
we could think of, and there doesnt seem to be 
anything wrong with it at all. Youve got a very good 
friend somewhere, Potter. ... 

Harrys jaw dropped. She was holding out his 
Firebolt, and it looked as magnificent as ever. 

I can have it back? Harry said weakly. Seriously? 

Seriously, said Professor McGonagall, and she was 
actually smiling. I daresay youll need to get the feel 
of it before Saturdays match, wont you? And Potter 
 do try and win, wont you? Or well be out of the 
running for the eighth year in a row, as Professor 
Snape was kind enough to remind me only last night. 



Speechless, Harry carried the Firebolt back upstairs 
toward Gryffindor Tower. As he turned a corner, he 
saw Ron dashing toward him, grinning from ear to 
ear. 



  276 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




She gave it to you? Excellent! Listen, can I still have 
a go on it? Tomorrow? 

Yeah ... anything ... said Harry, his heart lighter 
than it had been in a month. You know what  we 
should make up with Hermione. ... She was only 
trying to help. ... 

Yeah, all right, said Ron. Shes in the common 
room now  working, for a change   

They turned into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and 
saw Neville Longbottom, pleading with Sir Cadogan, 
who seemed to be refusing him entrance. 

I wrote them down! Neville was saying tearfully. 

But I mustve dropped them somewhere! 

A likely tale! roared Sir Cadogan. Then, spotting 
Harry and Ron: Good even, my fine young yeomen! 
Come clap this loon in irons. He is trying to force 
entry to the chambers within! 

Oh, shut up, said Ron as he and Harry drew level 
with Neville. 

Ive lost the passwords! Neville told them miserably. 
I made him tell me what passwords he was going to 
use this week, because he keeps changing them, and 
now I dont know what Ive done with them! 

Oddsbodikins, said Harry to Sir Cadogan, who 
looked extremely disappointed and reluctantly swung 
forward to let them into the common room. There was 
a sudden, excited murmur as every head turned and 
the next moment, Harry was surrounded by people 
exclaiming over his Firebolt. 

Where d you get it, Harry? 

  277 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Will you let me have a go? 

Have you ridden it yet, Harry? 

Ravenclawll have no chance, theyre all on 
Cleansweep Sevens! 

Can I just hold it, Harry? 

After ten minutes or so, during which the Firebolt was 
passed around and admired from every angle, the 
crowd dispersed and Harry and Ron had a clear view 
of Hermione, the only person who hadnt rushed over 
to them, bent over her work and carefully avoiding 
their eyes. Harry and Ron approached her table and 
at last, she looked up. 

I got it back, said Harry, grinning at her and holding 
up the Firebolt. 

See, Hermione? There wasnt anything wrong with 
it! said Ron. 

Well  there might have been! said Hermione. I 
mean, at least you know now that its safe! 

Yeah, I suppose so, said Harry. Id better put it 
upstairs   

Ill take it! said Ron eagerly. Ive got to give 
Scabbers his rat tonic. 

He took the Firebolt and, holding it as if it were made 
of glass, carried it away up the boys staircase. 

Can I sit down, then? Harry asked Hermione. 

I suppose so, said Hermione, moving a great stack 
of parchment off a chair. 

  278 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry looked around at the cluttered table, at the 
long Arithmancy essay on which the ink was still 
glistening, at the even longer Muggle Studies essay 
(Explain Why Muggles Need Electricity) and at the 
rune translation Hermione was now poring over. 

How are you getting through all this stuff? Harry 
asked her. 

Oh, well  you know  working hard, said 
Hermione. Closeup, Harry saw that she looked 
almost as tired as Lupin. 

Why dont you just drop a couple of subjects? Harry 
asked, watching her lifting books as she searched for 
her rune dictionary. 

I couldnt do that! said Hermione, looking 
scandalized. 

Arithmancy looks terrible, said Harry, picking up a 
very complicatedlooking number chart. 

Oh no, its wonderful! said Hermione earnestly. Its 
my favorite subject! Its   

But exactly what was wonderful about Arithmancy, 
Harry never found out. At that precise moment, a 
strangled yell echoed down the boys staircase. The 
whole common room fell silent, staring, petrified, at 
the entrance. Then came hurried footsteps, growing 
louder and louder  and then Ron came leaping into 
view, dragging with him a bedsheet. 

LOOK! he bellowed, striding over to Hermiones 
table. LOOK! he yelled, shaking the sheets in her 
face. 

Ron, what  ? 

  279 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




SCABBERS! LOOK! SCABBERS! 



Hermione was leaning away from Ron, looking utterly 
bewildered. Harry looked down at the sheet Ron was 
holding. There was something red on it. Something 
that looked horribly like  

BLOOD! Ron yelled into the stunned silence. HES 
GONE! AND YOU KNOW WHAT WAS ON THE 
FLOOR? 

N  no, said Hermione in a trembling voice. 

Ron threw something down onto Hermione s rune 
translation. Hermione and Harry leaned forward. 
Lying on top of the weird, spiky shapes were several 
long, ginger cat hairs. 



  280 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






GRYFFINDOR VERSUS RAVENCLAW 

It looked like the end of Ron and Hermiones 
friendship. Each was so angry with the other that 
Harry couldnt see how theyd ever make up. 

Ron was enraged that Hermione had never taken 
Crookshankss attempts to eat Scabbers seriously, 
hadnt bothered to keep a close enough watch on him, 
and was still trying to pretend that Crookshanks was 
innocent by suggesting that Ron look for Scabbers 
under all the boys beds. Hermione, meanwhile, 
maintained fiercely that Ron had no proof that 
Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, that the ginger 
hairs might have been there since Christmas, and 
that Ron had been prejudiced against her cat ever 
since Crookshanks had landed on Rons head in the 
Magical Menagerie. 

Personally, Harry was sure that Crookshanks had 
eaten Scabbers, and when he tried to point out to 
Hermione that the evidence all pointed that way, she 
lost her temper with Harry too. 



  281 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Okay, side with Ron, I knew you would! she said 
shrilly. First the Firebolt, now Scabbers, everythings 
my fault, isnt it! Just leave me alone, Harry, Ive got a 
lot of work to do! 

Ron had taken the loss of his rat very hard indeed. 

Come on, Ron, you were always saying how boring 
Scabbers was, said Fred bracingly And hes been 
offcolor for ages, he was wasting away. It was 
probably better for him to snuff it quickly  one 
swallow  he probably didnt feel a thing. 

Fred\ said Ginny indignantly. 

All he did was eat and sleep, Ron, you said it 
yourself, said George. 

He bit Goyle for us once! Ron said miserably. 
Remember, Harry? 

Yeah, thats true, said Harry. 

His finest hour, said Fred, unable to keep a straight 
face. Let the scar on Goyle s finger stand as a lasting 
tribute to his memory. Oh, come on, Ron, get yourself 
down to Hogsmeade and buy a new rat, whats the 
point of moaning? 

In a lastditch attempt to cheer Ron up, Harry 
persuaded him to come along to the Gryffindor teams 
final practice before the Ravenclaw match, so that he 
could have a ride on the Firebolt after theyd finished. 
This did seem to take Rons mind off Scabbers for a 
moment (Great! Can I try and shoot a few goals on 
it?) so they set off for the Quidditch field together. 

Madam Hooch, who was still overseeing Gryffindor 
practices to keep an eye on Harry, was just as 

  282 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




impressed with the Firebolt as everyone else had 
been. She took it in her hands before takeoff and gave 
them the benefit of her professional opinion. 

Look at the balance on it! If the Nimbus series has a 
fault, its a slight list to the tail end  you often find 
they develop a drag after a few years. Theyve updated 
the handle too, a bit slimmer than the Cleansweeps, 
reminds me of the old Silver Arrows  a pity theyve 
stopped making them. I learned to fly on one, and a 
very fine old broom it was too. ... 

She continued in this vein for some time, until Wood 
said, Er  Madam Hooch? Is it okay if Harry has the 
Firebolt back? We need to practice. ... 

Oh  right  here you are, then, Potter, said 
Madam Hooch. Ill sit over here with Weasley ... 

She and Ron left the field to sit in the stadium, and 
the Gryffindor team gathered around Wood for his 
final instructions for tomorrows match. 

Harry, Ive just found out who Ravenclaw is playing 
as Seeker. Its Cho Chang. Shes a fourth year, and 
shes pretty good. ... I really hoped she wouldnt be fit, 
shes had some problems with injuries. ... Wood 
scowled his displeasure that Cho Chang had made a 
full recovery, then said, On the other hand, she rides 
a Comet Two Sixty, which is going to look like a joke 
next to the Firebolt. He gave Harrys broom a look of 
fervent admiration, then said, Okay, everyone, lets 
go 



And at long last, Harry mounted his Firebolt, and 
kicked off from the ground. 

It was better than hed ever dreamed. The Firebolt 
turned with the lightest touch; it seemed to obey his 

  283 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




thoughts rather than his grip; it sped across the field 
at such speed that the stadium turned into a green 
andgray blur; Harry turned it so sharply that Alicia 
Spinnet screamed, then he went into a perfectly 
controlled dive, brushing the grassy field with his toes 
before rising thirty, forty, fifty feet into the air again  

Harry, Im letting the Snitch out! Wood called. 

Harry turned and raced a Bludger toward the goal 
posts; he outstripped it easily, saw the Snitch dart 
out from behind Wood, and within ten seconds had 
caught it tightly in his hand. 

The team cheered madly. Harry let the Snitch go 
again, gave it a minutes head start, then tore after it, 
weaving in and out of the others; he spotted it lurking 
near Katie Bells knee, looped her easily, and caught 
it again. 

It was the best practice ever; the team, inspired by 
the presence of the Firebolt in their midst, performed 
their best moves faultlessly, and by the time they hit 
the ground again, Wood didnt have a single criticism 
to make, which, as George Weasley pointed out, was a 
first. 

I cant see whats going to stop us tomorrow! said 
Wood. Not unless  Harry, youve sorted out your 
dementor problem, havent you? 

Yeah, said Harry, thinking of his feeble Patronus 
and wishing it were stronger. 

The dementors wont turn up again, Oliver. 
Dumbledored go ballistic, said Fred confidently. 



  284 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Well, lets hope not, said Wood. Anyway  good 
work, everyone. Lets get back to the tower ... turn in 
early   

Im staying out for a bit; Ron wants a go on the 
Firebolt, Harry told Wood, and while the rest of the 
team headed off to the locker rooms, Harry strode 
over to Ron, who vaulted the barrier to the stands 
and came to meet him. Madam Hooch had fallen 
asleep in her seat. 

Here you go, said Harry, handing Ron the Firebolt. 

Ron, an expression of ecstasy on his face, mounted 
the broom and zoomed off into the gathering darkness 
while Harry walked around the edge of the field, 
watching him. Night had fallen before Madam Hooch 
awoke with a start, told Harry and Ron off for not 
waking her, and insisted that they go back to the 
castle. 

Harry shouldered the Firebolt and he and Ron walked 
out of the shadowy stadium, discussing the Firebolts 
superbly smooth action, its phenomenal acceleration, 
and its pinpoint turning. They were halfway toward 
the castle when Harry, glancing to his left, saw 
something that made his heart turn over  a pair of 
eyes, gleaming out of the darkness. 

Harry stopped dead, his heart banging against his 
ribs. 

Whats the matter? said Ron. 

Harry pointed. Ron pulled out his wand and 
muttered, Lumos\ 



  285 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




A beam of light fell across the grass, hit the bottom of 
a tree, and illuminated its branches; there, crouching 
among the budding leaves, was Crookshanks. 

Get out of here! Ron roared, and he stooped down 
and seized a stone lying on the grass, but before he 
could do anything else, Crookshanks had vanished 
with one swish of his long ginger tail. 

See? Ron said furiously, chucking the stone down 
again. Shes still letting him wander about wherever 
he wants  probably washing down Scabbers with a 
couple of birds now. ... 

Harry didnt say anything. He took a deep breath as 
relief seeped through him; he had been sure for a 
moment that those eyes had belonged to the Grim. 
They set off for the castle once more. Slightly 
ashamed of his moment of panic, Harry didnt say 
anything to Ron  nor did he look left or right until 
they had reached the welllit entrance hall. 

Harry went down to breakfast the next morning with 
the rest of the boys in his dormitory, all of whom 
seemed to think the Firebolt deserved a sort of guard 
of honor. As Harry entered the Great Hall, heads 
turned in the direction of the Firebolt, and there was 
a good deal of excited muttering. Harry saw, with 
enormous satisfaction, that the Slytherin team were 
all looking thunderstruck. 

Did you see his face? said Ron gleefully, looking 
back at Malfoy. He cant believe it! This is brilliant! 

Wood, too, was basking in the reflected glory of the 
Firebolt. 

Put it here, Harry, he said, laying the broom in the 
middle of the table and carefully turning it so that its 

  286 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




name faced upward. People from the Ravenclaw and 
Hufflepuff tables were soon coming over to look. 
Cedric Diggory came over to congratulate Harry on 
having acquired such a superb replacement for his 
Nimbus, and Percys Ravenclaw girlfriend, Penelope 
Clearwater, asked if she could actually hold the 
Firebolt. 

Now, now, Penny, no sabotage! said Percy heartily 
as she examined the Firebolt closely Penelope and I 
have got a bet on, he told the team. Ten Galleons on 
the outcome of the match! 

Penelope put the Firebolt down again, thanked Harry, 
and went back to her table. 

Harry  make sure you win, said Percy, in an 
urgent whisper. I havent got ten Galleons. Yes, Im 
coming, Penny! And he bustled off to join her in a 
piece of toast. 

Sure you can manage that broom, Potter? said a 
cold, drawling voice. 

Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe 
and Goyle right behind him. 

Yeah, reckon so, said Harry casually. 

Got plenty of special features, hasnt it? said Malfoy, 
eyes glittering maliciously. Shame it doesnt come 
with a parachute  in case you get too near a 
dementor. 

Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. 

Pity you cant attach an extra arm to yours, Malfoy, 
said Harry. Then it could catch the Snitch for you. 



  287 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The Gryffindor team laughed loudly. Malfoys pale 
eyes narrowed, and he stalked away. They watched 
him rejoin the rest of the Slytherin team, who put 
their heads together, no doubt asking Malfoy whether 
Harrys broom really was a Firebolt. 

At a quarter to eleven, the Gryffindor team set off for 
the locker rooms. The weather couldnt have been 
more different from their match against Hufflepuff. It 
was a clear, cool day with a very light breeze; there 
would be no visibility problems this time, and Harry, 
though nervous, was starting to feel the excitement 
only a Quidditch match could bring. They could hear 
the rest of the school moving into the stadium 
beyond. Harry took off his black school robes, 
removed his wand from his pocket, and stuck it 
inside the Tshirt he was going to wear under his 
Quidditch robes. He only hoped he wouldnt need it. 
He wondered suddenly whether Professor Lupin was 
in the crowd, watching. 

You know what weve got to do, said Wood as they 
prepared to leave the locker rooms. If we lose this 
match, were out of the running. Just  just fly like 
you did in practice yesterday, and well be okay! 

They walked out onto the field to tumultuous 
applause. The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue, were 
already standing in the middle of the field. Their 
Seeker, Cho Chang, was the only girl on their team. 
She was shorter than Harry by about a head, and 
Harry couldnt help noticing, nervous as he was, that 
she was extremely pretty. She smiled at Harry as the 
teams faced each other behind their captains, and he 
felt a slight lurch in the region of his stomach that he 
didnt think had anything to do with nerves. 



  288 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Wood, Davies, shake hands, Madam Hooch said 
briskly, and Wood shook hands with the Ravenclaw 
Captain. 

Mount your brooms ... on my whistle . . . three  two 
 one   

Harry kicked off into the air and the Firebolt zoomed 
higher and faster than any other broom; he soared 
around the stadium and began squinting around for 
the Snitch, listening all the while to the commentary, 
which was being provided by the Weasley twins 
friend Lee Jordan. 

Theyre off, and the big excitement this match is the 
Firebolt that Harry Potter is flying for Gryffindor. 
According to Which Broomstick, the Firebolts going to 
be the broom of choice for the national teams at this 
years World Championship   

Jordan, would you mind telling us whats going on in 
the match? interrupted Professor McGonagalls voice. 

Right you are, Professor  just giving a bit of 
background information  the Firebolt, incidentally, 
has a builtin autobrake and   

Jordan! 

Okay, okay, Gryffindor in possession, Katie Bell of 
Gryffindor heading for goal ... 

Harry streaked past Katie in the opposite direction, 
gazing around for a glint of gold and noticing that Cho 
Chang was tailing him closely. She was undoubtedly 
a very good flier  she kept cutting across him, 
forcing him to change direction. 



  289 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Show her your acceleration, Harry! Fred yelled as he 
whooshed past in pursuit of a Bludger that was 
aiming for Alicia. 

Harry urged the Firebolt forward as they rounded the 
Ravenclaw goal posts and Cho fell behind. Just as 
Katie succeeded in scoring the first goal of the match, 
and the Gryffindor end of the field went wild, he saw 
it  the Snitch was close to the ground, flitting near 
one of the barriers. 

Harry dived; Cho saw what he was doing and tore 
after him  Harry was speeding up, excitement 
flooding him; dives were his speciality, he was ten feet 
away  

Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, 
came pelting out of nowhere; Harry veered off course, 
avoiding it by an inch, and in those few, crucial 
seconds, the Snitch had vanished. 

There was a great Ooooooh of disappointment from 
the Gryffindor supporters, but much applause for 
their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. George Weasley 
vented his feelings by hitting the second Bludger 
directly at the offending Beater, who was forced to roll 
right over in midair to avoid it. 

Gryffindor leads by eighty points to zero, and look at 
that Firebolt go! Potters really putting it through its 
paces now, see it turn  Changs Comet is just no 
match for it, the Firebolts precisionbalance is really 
noticeable in these long   

JORDAN! ARE YOU BEING PAID TO ADVERTISE 
FIREBOLTS? GET ON WITH THE COMMENTARY! 

Ravenclaw was pulling back; they had now scored 
three goals, which put Gryffindor only fifty points 

  290 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




ahead  if Cho got the Snitch before him, Ravenclaw 
would win. Harry dropped lower, narrowly avoiding a 
Ravenclaw Chaser, scanning the field frantically  a 
glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wings  the Snitch was 
circling the Gryffindor goal post  

Harry accelerated, eyes fixed on the speck of gold 
ahead  but just then, Cho appeared out of thin air, 
blocking him  

HARRY, THIS IS NO TIME TO BE A GENTLEMAN! 
Wood roared as Harry swerved to avoid a collision. 
KNOCK HER OFF HER BROOM IF YOU HAVE TO! 

Harry turned and caught sight of Cho; she was 
grinning. The Snitch had vanished again. Harry 
turned his Firebolt upward and was soon twenty feet 
above the game. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw 
Cho following him. ... Shed decided to mark him 
rather than search for the Snitch herself. . . . All right, 
then ... if she wanted to tail him, shed have to take 
the consequences. ... 

He dived again, and Cho, thinking hed seen the 
Snitch, tried to follow; Harry pulled out of the dive 
very sharply; she hurtled downward; he rose fast as a 
bullet once more, and then saw it, for the third time 
 the Snitch was glittering way above the field at the 
Ravenclaw end. 

He accelerated; so, many feet below, did Cho. He was 
winning, gaining on the Snitch with every second  
then  

Oh! screamed Cho, pointing. 

Distracted, Harry looked down. 



  291 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors, 
were looking up at him. 

He didnt stop to think. Plunging a hand down the 
neck of his robes, he whipped out his wand and 
roared, Expecto patronum). 

Something silverwhite, something enormous, erupted 
from the end of his wand. He knew it had shot 
directly at the dementors but didnt pause to watch; 
his mind still miraculously clear, he looked ahead  
he was nearly there. He stretched out the hand still 
grasping his wand and just managed to close his 
fingers over the small, struggling Snitch. 

Madam Hoochs whistle sounded. Harry turned 
around in midair and saw six scarlet blurs bearing 
down on him; next moment, the whole team was 
hugging him so hard he was nearly pulled off his 
broom. Down below he could hear the roars of the 
Gryffindors in the crowd. 

Thats my boy! Wood kept yelling. Alicia, Angelina, 
and Katie had all kissed Harry; Fred had him in a grip 
so tight Harry felt as though his head would come off. 
In complete disarray, the team managed to make its 
way back to the ground. Harry got off his broom and 
looked up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor supporters 
sprinting onto the field, Ron in the lead. Before he 
knew it, he had been engulfed by the cheering crowd. 

Yes! Ron yelled, yanking Harrys arm into the air. 
Yes! Yes! 

Well done, Harry! said Percy, looking delighted. Ten 
Galleons to me! Must find Penelope, excuse me   

Good for you, Harry! roared Seamus Finnigan. 



  292 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ruddy brilliant! boomed Hagrid over the heads of 
the milling Gryffindors. 

That was quite some Patronus, said a voice in 
Harrys ear. 

Harry turned around to see Professor Lupin, who 
looked both shaken and pleased. 

The dementors didnt affect me at all! Harry said 
excitedly. I didnt feel a thing! 

That would be because they  er  werent 
dementors, said Professor Lupin. Come and see   

He led Harry out of the crowd until they were able to 
see the edge of the field. 

You gave Mr. Malfoy quite a fright, said Lupin. 

Harry stared. Lying in a crumpled heap on the ground 
were Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and Marcus Flint, the 
Slytherin team Captain, all struggling to remove 
themselves from long, black, hooded robes. It looked 
as though Malfoy had been standing on Goyle s 
shoulders. Standing over them, with an expression of 
the utmost fury on her face, was Professor 
McGonagall. 

An unworthy trick! she was shouting. A low and 
cowardly attempt to sabotage the Gryffindor Seeker! 
Detention for all of you, and fifty points from 
Slytherin! I shall be speaking to Professor 
Dumbledore about this, make no mistake! Ah, here 
he comes now! 

If anything could have set the seal on Gryffindors 
victory, it was this. Ron, who had fought his way 
through to Harrys side, doubled up with laughter as 

  293 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




they watched Malfoy fighting to extricate himself from 
the robe, Goyles head still stuck inside it. 



Come on, Harry! said George, fighting his way over. 
Party! Gryffindor common room, now! 

Right, said Harry, and feeling happier than he had 
in ages, he and the rest of the team led the way, still 
in their scarlet robes, out of the stadium and back up 
to the castle. 



It felt as though they had already won the Quidditch 
Cup; the party went on all day and well into the night. 
Fred and George Weasley disappeared for a couple of 
hours and returned with armfuls of bottles of 
butterbeer, pumpkin fizz, and several bags full of 
Honeydukes sweets. 

How did you do that? squealed Angelina Johnson as 
George started throwing Peppermint Toads into the 
crowd. 

With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and 
Prongs, Fred muttered in Harrys ear. 

Only one person wasnt joining in the festivities. 
Hermione, incredibly, was sitting in a corner, 
attempting to read an enormous book entitled Home 
Life and Social Habits of British Muggles. Harry broke 
away from the table where Fred and George had 
started juggling butterbeer bottles and went over to 
her. 

Did you even come to the match? he asked her. 

Of course I did, said Hermione in a strangely high 
pitched voice, not looking up. And Im very glad we 

  294 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




won, and I think you did really well, but I need to 
read this by Monday. 

Come on, Hermione, come and have some food, 
Harry said, looking over at Ron and wondering 
whether he was in a good enough mood to bury the 
hatchet. 

I cant, Harry. Ive still got four hundred and twenty 
two s to read! said Hermione, now sounding 
slightly hysterical. Anyway ... She glanced over at 
Ron too. He doesnt want me to join in. 

There was no arguing with this, as Ron chose that 
moment to say loudly, If Scabbers hadnt just been 
eaten, he could have had some of those Fudge Flies. 
He used to really like them   

Hermione burst into tears. Before Harry could say or 
do anything, she tucked the enormous book under 
her arm, and, still sobbing, ran toward the staircase 
to the girls dormitories and out of sight. 

Cant you give her a break? Harry asked Ron 
quietly. 

No, said Ron flatly. If she just acted like she was 
sorry  but shell never admit shes wrong, Hermione. 
Shes still acting like Scabbers has gone on vacation 
or something. 

The Gryffindor party ended only when Professor 
McGonagall turned up in her tartan dressing gown 
and hair net at one in the morning, to insist that they 
all go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed the stairs to 
their dormitory, still discussing the match. At last, 
exhausted, Harry climbed into bed, twitched the 
hangings of his fourposter shut to block out a ray of 



  295 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




moonlight, lay back, and felt himself almost instantly 
drifting off to sleep. ... 

He had a very strange dream. He was walking 
through a forest, his Firebolt over his shoulder, 
following something silvery white. It was winding its 
way through the trees ahead, and he could only catch 
glimpses of it between the leaves. Anxious to catch up 
with it, he sped up, but as he moved faster, so did his 
quarry. Harry broke into a run, and ahead he heard 
hooves gathering speed. Now he was running flat out, 
and ahead he could hear galloping. Then he turned a 
corner into a clearing and  

AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHH 
! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! 

Harry woke as suddenly as though hed been hit in 
the face. Disoriented in the total darkness, he 
fumbled with his hangings  he could hear 
movements around him, and Seamus Finnigans voice 
from the other side of the room: Whats going on? 

Harry thought he heard the dormitory door slam. At 
last finding the divide in his curtains, he ripped them 
back, and at the same moment, Dean Thomas lit his 
lamp. 

Ron was sitting up in bed, the hangings torn from one 
side, a look of utmost terror on his face. 

Black! Sirius Black! With a knife! 

What? 

Here! Just now! Slashed the curtains! Woke me up! 
You sure you werent dreaming, Ron? said Dean. 



  296 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Look at the curtains! I tell you, he was here! 

They all scrambled out of bed; Harry reached the 
dormitory door first, and they sprinted back down the 
staircase. Doors opened behind them, and sleepy 
voices called after them. 

Who shouted? 

What re you doing? 

The common room was lit with the glow of the dying 
fire, still littered with the debris from the party. It was 
deserted. 

Are you sure you werent dreaming, Ron? 

Im telling you, I saw him! 

Whats all the noise? 

Professor McGonagall told us to go to bed! 

A few of the girls had come down their staircase, 
pulling on dressing gowns and yawning. Boys, too, 
were reappearing. 

Excellent, are we carrying on? said Fred Weasley 
brightly. 

Everyone back upstairs! said Percy, 
hurrying into the common room and pinning his 
Head Boy badge to his pajamas as he spoke. 

Perce  Sirius Black! said Ron faintly. In our 
dormitory! With a knife! Woke me up! 

The common room went very still. 



  297 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Nonsense! said Percy, looking startled. You had too 
much to eat, Ron  had a nightmare   



Im telling you   

Now, really, enoughs enough! 

Professor McGonagall was back. She slammed the 
portrait behind her as she entered the common room 
and stared furiously around. 

I am delighted that Gryffindor won the match, but 
this is getting ridiculous! Percy, I expected better of 
you! 

I certainly didnt authorize this, Professor! said 
Percy, puffing himself up indignantly. I was just 
telling them all to get back to bed! My brother Ron 
here had a nightmare   

IT WASNT A NIGHTMARE! Ron yelled. 

PROFESSOR, I WOKE UP, AND SIRIUS BLACK WAS 
STANDING OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE! 

Professor McGonagall stared at him. 

Dont be ridiculous, Weasley, how could he possibly 
have gotten through the portrait hole? 

Ask him! said Ron, pointing a shaking finger at the 
back of Sir Cadogans picture. Ask him if he saw   

Glaring suspiciously at Ron, Professor McGonagall 
pushed the portrait back open and went outside. The 
whole common room listened with bated breath. 

Sir Cadogan, did you just let a man enter Gryffindor 
Tower? 

  298 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Certainly, good lady! cried Sir Cadogan. 

There was a stunned silence, both inside and outside 
the common room. 

You  you did? said Professor McGonagall. But  
but the password! 

He had em! said Sir Cadogan proudly. Had the 
whole weeks, my lady! Read em off a little piece of 
paper! 

Professor McGonagall pulled herself back through the 
portrait hole to face the stunned crowd. She was 
white as chalk. 

Which person, she said, her voice shaking, which 
abysmally foolish person wrote down this weeks 
passwords and left them lying around? 

There was utter silence, broken by the smallest of 
terrified squeaks. Neville Longbottom, trembling from 
head to fluffyslippered toes, raised his hand slowly 
into the air. 



  299 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






SNAPES GRUDGE 

No one in Gryffindor Tower slept that night. They 
knew that the castle was being searched again, and 
the whole House stayed awake in the common room, 
waiting to hear whether Black had been caught. 
Professor McGonagall came back at dawn, to tell 
them that he had again escaped. 

Throughout the day, everywhere they went they saw 
signs of tighter security; Professor Flitwick could be 
seen teaching the front doors to recognize a large 
picture of Sirius Black; Filch was suddenly bustling 
up and down the corridors, boarding up everything 
from tiny cracks in the walls to mouse holes. Sir 
Cadogan had been fired. His portrait had been taken 
back to its lonely landing on the seventh floor, and 
the Fat Lady was back. She had been expertly 
restored, but was still extremely nervous, and had 
agreed to return to her job only on condition that she 
was given extra protection. A bunch of surly security 
trolls had been hired to guard her. They paced the 
corridor in a menacing group, talking in grunts and 
comparing the size of their clubs. 

  300 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Harry couldnt help noticing that the statue of the 
oneeyed witch on the third floor remained unguarded 
and unblocked. It seemed that Fred and George had 
been right in thinking that they  and now Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione  were the only ones who knew 
about the hidden passageway within it. 

Dyou reckon we should tell someone? Harry asked 
Ron. 

We know hes not coming in through Honey dukes, 
said Ron dismissively Wedve heard if the shop had 
been broken into. 

Harry was glad Ron took this view. If the oneeyed 
witch was boarded up too, he would never be able to 
go into Hogsmeade again. 

Ron had become an instant celebrity. For the first 
time in his life, people were paying more attention to 
him than to Harry, and it was clear that Ron was 
rather enjoying the experience. Though still severely 
shaken by the nights events, he was happy to tell 
anyone who asked what had happened, with a wealth 
of detail. 

"... I was asleep, and I heard this ripping noise, and I 
thought it was in my dream, you know? But then 
there was this draft ... I woke up and one side of the 
hangings on my bed had been pulled down. ... I rolled 
over . . . and I saw him standing over me . . . like a 
skeleton, with loads of filthy hair . . . holding this great 
long knife, mustve been twelve inches ... and he 
looked at me, and I looked at him, and then I yelled, 
and he scampered. 

Why, though? Ron added to Harry as the group of 
secondyear girls who had been listening to his 
chilling tale departed. Why did he run? 

  301 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry had been wondering the same thing. Why had 
Black, having got the wrong bed, not silenced Ron 
and proceeded to Harry? Black had proved twelve 
years ago that he didnt mind murdering innocent 
people, and this time he had been facing five 
unarmed boys, four of whom were asleep. 

He mustve known hed have a job getting back out of 
the castle once youd yelled and woken people up, 
said Harry thoughtfully. Hedve had to kill the whole 
House to get back through the portrait hole . . . then 
he wouldve met the teachers. ... 

Neville was in total disgrace. Professor McGonagall 
was so furious with him she had banned him from all 
future Hogsmeade visits, given him a detention, and 
forbidden anyone to give him the password into the 
tower. Poor Neville was forced to wait outside the 
common room every night for somebody to let him in, 
while the security trolls leered unpleasantly at him. 
None of these punishments, however, came close to 
matching the one his grandmother had in store for 
him. Two days after Blacks breakin, she sent Neville 
the very worst thing a Hogwarts student could receive 
over breakfast  a Howler. 

The school owls swooped into the Great Hall carrying 
the mail as usual, and Neville choked as a huge barn 
owl landed in front of him, a scarlet envelope clutched 
in its beak. Harry and Ron, who were sitting opposite 
him, recognized the letter as a Howler at once  Ron 
had got one from his mother the year before. 

Run for it, Neville, Ron advised. 

Neville didnt need telling twice. He seized the 
envelope, and holding it before him like a bomb, 
sprinted out of the hall, while the Slytherin table 
exploded with laughter at the sight of him. They 

  302 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




heard the Howler go off in the entrance hall  
Nevilles grandmothers voice, magically magnified to 
a hundred times its usual volume, shrieking about 
how he had brought shame on the whole family. 

Harry was too busy feeling sorry for Neville to notice 
immediately that he had a letter too. Hedwig got his 
attention by nipping him sharply on the wrist. 

Ouch! Oh  thanks, Hedwig. 

Harry tore open the envelope while Hedwig helped 
herself to some of Nevilles cornflakes. The note inside 
said: 

Dear Harry and Ron, 

How about having tea with me this afternoon round 
six? 



Ill come and collect you from the castle. 

WAIT FOR ME IN THE ENTRANCE HALL; 

YOURE NOT ALLOWED OUT ON YOUR OWN 
Cheers, 

Hagrid 

He probably wants to hear all about Black! said 
Ron. 

So at six oclock that afternoon, Harry and Ron left 
Gryffindor Tower, passed the security trolls at a run, 
and headed down to the entrance hall. 

Hagrid was already waiting for them. 



  303 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




All right, Hagrid! said Ron. Spose you want to hear 
about Saturday night, do you? 

Ive already heard all abou it, said Hagrid, opening 
the front doors and leading them outside. 

Oh, said Ron, looking slightly put out. 

The first thing they saw on entering Hagrids cabin 
was Buckbeak, who was stretched out on top of 
Hagrids patchwork quilt, his enormous wings folded 
tight to his body, enjoying a large plate of dead 
ferrets. Averting his eyes from this unpleasant sight, 
Harry saw a gigantic, hairy brown suit and a very 
horrible yellowandorange tie hanging from the top of 
Hagrids wardrobe door. 

What are they for, Hagrid? said Harry. 

Buckbeaks case against the Committee fer the 
Disposal o Dangerous Creatures, said Hagrid. This 
Friday. Him an mell be goin down ter London 
together. Ive booked two beds on the Knight Bus. ... 

Harry felt a nasty pang of guilt. He had completely 
forgotten that Buckbeaks trial was so near, and 
judging by the uneasy look on Rons face, he had too. 
They had also forgotten their promise about helping 
him prepare Buckbeaks defense; the arrival of the 
Firebolt had driven it clean out of their minds. 

Hagrid poured them tea and offered them a plate of 
Bath buns, but they knew better than to accept; they 
had had too much experience with Hagrids cooking. 

I got somethin ter discuss with you two, said 
Hagrid, sitting himself between them and looking 
uncharacteristically serious. 



  304 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




What? said Harry. 

Hermione, said Hagrid. 

What about her? said Ron. 

Shes in a righ state, thats what. Shes bin cornin 
down ter visit me a lot since Chris mas. Bin feelin 
lonely. Firs yeh weren talking to her because o the 
Firebolt, now yer not talkin to her because her cat   

  ate Scabbers! Ron interjected angrily. 

Because her cat acted like all cats do, Hagrid 
continued doggedly. Shes cried a fair few times, yeh 
know. Goin through a rough time at the moment. 
Bitten off moren she can chew, if yeh ask me, all the 
work shes tryin ter do. Still found time ter help me 
with Buckbeaks case, mind. ... Shes found some 
really good stuff fer me ... reckon hell stand a good 
chance now. ... 

Hagrid, we shouldve helped as well  sorry   

Harry began awkwardly. 

Im not blamin yeh! said Hagrid, waving Harrys 
apology aside. Gawd knows yehve had enough ter be 
gettin on with. Ive seen yeh practicin Quidditch evry 
hour o the day an night  but I gotta tell yeh, I 
thought you twod value yer friend moren 
broomsticks or rats. Thas all. 

Harry and Ron exchanged uncomfortable looks. 

Really upset, she was, when Black nearly stabbed 
yeh, Ron. Shes got her heart in the right place, 
Hermione has, an you two not talkin to her   



  305 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




If shed just get rid of that cat, Id speak to her 
again! Ron said angrily. But shes still sticking up 
for it! Its a maniac, and she wont hear a word 
against it! 

Ah, well, people can be a bit stupid abou their pets, 
said Hagrid wisely. Behind him, Buckbeak spat a few 
ferret bones onto Hagrids pillow. 

They spent the rest of their visit discussing 
Gryffindors improved chances for the Quidditch Cup. 
At nine oclock, Hagrid walked them back up to the 
castle. 

A large group of people was bunched around the 
bulletin board when they returned to the common 
room. 

Hogsmeade, next weekend! said Ron, craning over 
the heads to read the new notice. What dyou 
reckon? he added quietly to Harry as they went to sit 
down. 

Well, Filch hasnt done anything about the passage 
into Honeydukes. ... Harry said, even more quietly. 

Harry! said a voice in his right ear. Harry started 
and looked around at Hermione, who was sitting at 
the table right behind them and clearing a space in 
the wall of books that had been hiding her. 

Harry, if you go into Hogsmeade again ... Ill tell 
Professor McGonagall about that map! said 
Hermione. 

Can you hear someone talking, Harry? growled Ron, 
not looking at Hermione. 



  306 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron, how can you let him go with you? After what 
Sirius Black nearly did to youl I mean it, Ill tell   

So now youre trying to get Harry expelled! said Ron 
furiously. Havent you done enough damage this 
year? 

Hermione opened her mouth to respond, but with a 
soft hiss, Crookshanks leapt onto her lap. Hermione 
took one frightened look at the expression on Rons 
face, gathered up Crookshanks, and hurried away 
toward the girls dormitories. 

So how about it? Ron said to Harry as though there 
had been no interruption. Come on, last time we 
went you didnt see anything. You havent even been 
inside Zonkos yet! 

Harry looked around to check that Hermione was well 
out of earshot. 

Okay, he said. But Im taking the Invisibility Cloak 
this time. 

On Saturday morning, Harry packed his Invisibility 
Cloak in his bag, slipped the Marauders Map into his 
pocket, and went down to breakfast with everyone 
else. Hermione kept shooting suspicious looks down 
the table at him, but he avoided her eye and was 
careful to let her see him walking back up the marble 
staircase in the entrance hall as everybody else 
proceeded to the front doors. 

 Bye! Harry called to Ron. See you when you get 
back! 

Ron grinned and winked. 



  307 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry hurried up to the third floor, slipping the 
Marauders Map out of his pocket as he went. 
Crouching behind the oneeyed witch, he smoothed it 
out. A tiny dot was moving in his direction. Harry 
squinted at it. The minuscule writing next to it read 
Neville Longbottom. 

Harry quickly pulled out his wand, muttered, 

 Dissendium). and shoved his bag into the statue, but 
before he could climb in himself, Neville came around 
the corner. 

Harry! I forgot you werent going to Hogsmeade 
either! 

Hi, Neville, said Harry, moving swiftly away from the 
statue and pushing the map back into his pocket. 
What are you up to? 

Nothing, shrugged Neville. Want a game of 
Exploding Snap? 

Er  not now  I was going to go to the library and 
do that vampire essay for Lupin   

Ill come with you! said Neville brightly. I havent 
done it either! 

Er  hang on  yeah, I forgot, I finished it last 
night! 

Great, you can help me! said Neville, his round face 
anxious. I dont understand that thing about the 
garlic at all  do they have to eat it, or   

He broke off with a small gasp, looking over Harrys 
shoulder. 

It was Snape. Neville took a quick step behind Harry. 

  308 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




And what are you two doing here? said Snape, 
coming to a halt and looking from one to the other. 
An odd place to meet   

To Harrys immense disquiet, Snapes black eyes 
flicked to the doorways on either side of them, and 
then to the oneeyed witch. 

Were not  meeting here, said Harry. We just  
met here. 

Indeed? said Snape. You have a habit of turning up 
in unexpected places, Potter, and you are very rarely 
there for no good reason. ... I suggest the pair of you 
return to Gryffindor Tower, where you belong. 

Harry and Neville set off without another word. As 
they turned the corner, Harry looked back. Snape was 
running one of his hands over the oneeyed witchs 
head, examining it closely. 

Harry managed to shake Neville off at the Fat Lady by 
telling him the password, then pretending hed left his 
vampire essay in the library and doubling back. Once 
out of sight of the security trolls, he pulled out the 
map again and held it close to his nose. 

The third floor corridor seemed to be deserted. Harry 
scanned the map carefully and saw, with a leap of 
relief, that the tiny dot labeled Severus Snape was 
now back in its office. 

He sprinted back to the oneeyed witch, opened her 
hump, heaved himself inside, and slid down to meet 
his bag at the bottom of the stone chute. He wiped 
the Marauders Map blank again, then set off at a 
run. 



  309 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry, completely hidden beneath the Invisibility 
Cloak, emerged into the sunlight outside Honeydukes 
and prodded Ron in the back. 

Its me, he muttered. 

What kept you? Ron hissed. 

Snape was hanging around. ... 

They set off up the High Street. 

Where are you? Ron kept muttering out of the 
corner of his mouth. Are you still there? This feels 
weird. ... 

They went to the post office; Ron pretended to be 
checking the price of an owl to Bill in Egypt so that 
Harry could have a good look around. The owls sat 
hooting softly down at him, at least three hundred of 
them; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scops 
owls (Local Deliveries Only), which were so small 
they could have sat in the palm of Harrys hand. 

Then they visited Zonkos, which was so packed with 
students Harry had to exercise great care not to tread 
on anyone and cause a panic. There were jokes and 
tricks to fulfill even Freds and Georges wildest 
dreams; Harry gave Ron whispered orders and passed 
him some gold from under the cloak. They left 
Zonkos with their money bags considerably lighter 
than they had been on entering, but their pockets 
bulging with Dungbombs, Hiccup Sweets, Frog Spawn 
Soap, and a NoseBiting Teacup apiece. 

The day was fine and breezy, and neither of them felt 
like staying indoors, so they walked past the Three 
Broomsticks and climbed a slope to visit the 
Shrieking Shack, the most haunted dwelling in 

  310 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Britain. It stood a little way above the rest of the 
village, and even in daylight was slightly creepy, with 
its boarded windows and dank overgrown garden. 

Even the Hogwarts ghosts avoid it, said Ron as they 
leaned on the fence, looking up at it. I asked Nearly 
Headless Nick ... he says hes heard a very rough 
crowd lives here. No one can get in. Fred and George 
tried, obviously, but all the entrances are sealed shut. 



Harry, feeling hot from their climb, was just 
considering taking off the cloak for a few minutes 
when they heard voices nearby. Someone was 
climbing toward the house from the other side of the 
hill; moments later, Malfoy had appeared, followed 
closely by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy was speaking. 

"... should have an owl from Father any time now. He 
had to go to the hearing to tell them about my arm . . . 
about how I couldnt use it for three months. ... 

Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. 

I really wish I could hear that great hairy moron 
trying to defend himself ... Theres no arm in im, 
onest   . . . that hippogriffs as good as dead   

Malfoy suddenly caught sight of Ron. His pale face 
split in a malevolent grin. 

What are you doing, Weasley? 

Malfoy looked up at the crumbling house behind Ron. 

Suppose youd love to live here, wouldnt you, 
Weasley? Dreaming about having your own bedroom? 

I heard your family all sleep in one room  is that 
true? 

  311 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry seized the back of Rons robes to stop him from 
leaping on Malfoy. 

Leave him to me, he hissed in Rons ear. 

The opportunity was too perfect to miss. Harry crept 
silently around behind Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, 
bent down, and scooped a large handful of mud out of 
the path. 

We were just discussing your friend Hagrid, Malfoy 
said to Ron. Just trying to imagine what hes saying 
to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous 
Creatures. Dyou think hell cry when they cut off his 
hippogriffs   

SPLAT. 

Malfoys head jerked forward as the mud hit him; his 
silverblond hair was suddenly dripping in muck. 

What the  ? 

Ron had to hold onto the fence to keep himself 
standing, he was laughing so hard. Malfoy, Crabbe, 
and Goyle spun stupidly on the spot, staring wildly 
around, Malfoy trying to wipe his hair clean. 

What was that? Who did that? 

Very haunted up here, isnt it? said Ron, with the 
air of one commenting on the weather. 

Crabbe and Goyle were looking scared. Their bulging 
muscles were no use against ghosts. Malfoy was 
staring madly around at the deserted landscape. 



  312 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry sneaked along the path, where a particularly 
sloppy puddle yielded some foulsmelling, green 
sludge. 

SPLATTER. 

Crabbe and Goyle caught some this time. Goyle 
hopped furiously on the spot, trying to rub it out of 
his small, dull eyes. 

It came from over there! said Malfoy, wiping his 
face, and staring at a spot some six feet to the left of 
Harry. 

Crabbe blundered forward, his long arms 
outstretched like a zombie. Harry dodged around him, 
picked up a stick, and lobbed it at Crabbe s back. 
Harry doubled up with silent laughter as Crabbe did a 
kind of pirouette in midair, trying to see who had 
thrown it. As Ron was the only person Crabbe could 
see, it was Ron he started toward, but Harry stuck 
out his leg. Crabbe stumbled  and his huge, flat foot 
caught the hem of Harrys cloak. Harry felt a great 
tug, then the cloak slid off his face. 

For a split second, Malfoy stared at him. 

AAARGH! he yelled, pointing at Harrys head. Then 
he turned tail and ran, at breakneck speed, back 
down the hill, Crabbe and Goyle behind him. 

Harry tugged the cloak up again, but the damage was 
done. 

Harry! Ron said, stumbling forward and staring 
hopelessly at the point where Harry had disappeared, 
youd better run for it! If Malfoy tells anyone  youd 
better get back to the castle, quick   



  313 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




See you later, said Harry, and without another 
word, he tore back down the path toward Hogsmeade. 



Would Malfoy believe what he had seen? Would 
anyone believe Malfoy? Nobody knew about the 
Invisibility Cloak  nobody except Dumbledore. 
Harrys stomach turned over  Dumbledore would 
know exactly what had happened, if Malfoy said 
anything  

Back into Honeydukes, back down the cellar steps, 
across the stone floor, through the trapdoor  Harry 
pulled off the cloak, tucked it under his arm, and ran, 
flat out, along the passage. ... Malfoy would get back 
first . . . how long would it take him to find a teacher? 
Panting, a sharp pain in his side, Harry didnt slow 
down until he reached the stone slide. He would have 
to leave the cloak where it was, it was too much of a 
giveaway in case Malfoy had tipped off a teacher  he 
hid it in a shadowy corner, then started to climb, fast 
as he could, his sweaty hands slipping on the sides of 
the chute. He reached the inside of the witchs hump, 
tapped it with his wand, stuck his head through, and 
hoisted himself out; the hump closed, and just as 
Harry jumped out from behind the statue, he heard 
quick footsteps approaching. 

It was Snape. He approached Harry at a swift walk, 
his black robes swishing, then stopped in front of 
him. 

So, he said. 

There was a look of suppressed triumph about him. 
Harry tried to look innocent, all too aware of his 
sweaty face and his muddy hands, which he quickly 
hid in his pockets. 

Come with me, Potter, said Snape. 

  314 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry followed him downstairs, trying to wipe his 
hands clean on the inside of his robes without Snape 
noticing. They walked down the stairs to the 
dungeons and then into Snapes office. 

Harry had been in here only once before, and he had 
been in very serious trouble then too. Snape had 
acquired a few more slimy horrible things in jars 
since last time, all standing on shelves behind his 
desk, glinting in the firelight and adding to the 
threatening atmosphere. 

Sit, said Snape. 

Harry sat. Snape, however, remained standing. 

Mr. Malfoy has just been to see me with a strange 
story, Potter, said Snape. 

Harry didnt say anything. 

He tells me that he was up by the Shrieking Shack 
when he ran into Weasley  apparently alone. 

Still, Harry didnt speak. 

Mr. Malfoy states that he was standing talking to 
Weasley, when a large amount of mud hit him in the 
back of the head. How do you think that could have 
happened? 

Harry tried to look mildly surprised. 

I dont know, Professor. 

Snapes eyes were boring into Harrys. It was exactly 
like trying to stare down a hippogriff. Harry tried hard 
not to blink. 



  315 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Mr. Malfoy then saw an extraordinary apparition. 

Can you imagine what it might have been, Potter? 

No, said Harry, now trying to sound innocently 
curious. 

It was your head, Potter. Floating in midair. 

There was a long silence. 

Maybe hed better go to Madam Pomfrey, said Harry. 
If hes seeing things like   

What would your head have been doing in 
Hogsmeade, Potter? said Snape softly. Your head is 
not allowed in Hogsmeade. No part of your body has 
permission to be in Hogsmeade. 

I know that, said Harry, striving to keep his face free 
of guilt or fear. It sounds like Malfoys having 
hallucin   

Malfoy is not having hallucinations, snarled Snape, 
and he bent down, a hand on each arm of Harrys 
chair, so that their faces were a foot apart. If your 
head was in Hogsmeade, so was the rest of you. 

Ive been up in Gryffindor Tower, said Harry. Like 
you told   

Can anyone confirm that? 

Harry didnt say anything. Snapes thin mouth curled 
into a horrible smile. 

So, he said, straightening up again. Everyone from 
the Minister of Magic downward has been trying to 
keep famous Harry Potter safe from Sirius Black. But 
famous Harry Potter is a law unto himself. Let the 

  316 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




ordinary people worry about his safety! Famous Harry 
Potter goes where he wants to, with no thought for 
the consequences. 

Harry stayed silent. Snape was trying to provoke him 
into telling the truth. He wasnt going to do it. Snape 
had no proof  yet. 

How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter, 
Snape said suddenly, his eyes glinting. He too was 
exceedingly arrogant. A small amount of talent on the 
Quidditch field made him think he was a cut above 
the rest of us too. Strutting around the place with his 
friends and admirers . . . The resemblance between you 
is uncanny. 

My dad didnt strut, said Harry, before he could stop 
himself. And neither do I. 

Your father didnt set much store by rules either, 
Snape went on, pressing his advantage, his thin face 
full of malice. Rules were for lesser mortals, not 
Quidditch Cupwinners. His head was so swollen   

SHUT UP! 

Harry was suddenly on his feet. Rage such as he had 
not felt since his last night in Privet Drive was 
coursing through him. He didnt care that Snapes 
face had gone rigid, the black eyes flashing 
dangerously. 

 What did you say to me, Potter? 

I told you to shut up about my dad! Harry yelled. I 
know the truth, all right? He saved your life! 
Dumbledore told me! You wouldnt even be here if it 
wasnt for my dad! 



  317 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Snapes sallow skin had gone the color of sour milk. 

And did the headmaster tell you the circumstances 
in which your father saved my life? he whispered. 

Or did he consider the details too unpleasant for 
precious Potters delicate ears? 

Harry bit his lip. He didnt know what had happened 
and didnt want to admit it  but Snape seemed to 
have guessed the truth. 

I would hate for you to run away with a false idea of 
your father, Potter, he said, a terrible grin twisting 
his face. Have you been imagining some act of 
glorious heroism? Then let me correct you  your 
saintly father and his friends played a highly amusing 
joke on me that would have resulted in my death if 
your father hadnt got cold feet at the last moment. 
There was nothing brave about what he did. He was 
saving his own skin as much as mine. Had their joke 
succeeded, he would have been expelled from 
Hogwarts. 

Snapes uneven, yellowish teeth were bared. 

Turn out your pockets, Potter! he spat suddenly. 

Harry didnt move. There was a pounding in his ears. 

Turn out your pockets, or we go straight to the 
headmaster! Pull them out, Potter! 

Cold with dread, Harry slowly pulled out the bag of 
Zonkos tricks and the Marauders Map. 

Snape picked up the Zonkos bag. 



  318 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron gave them to me, said Harry, praying hed get a 
chance to tip Ron off before Snape saw him. He  
brought them back from Hogsmeade last time   

Indeed? And youve been carrying them around ever 
since? How very touching . . . and what is this? 

Snape had picked up the map. Harry tried with all his 
might to keep his face impassive. 

Spare bit of parchment, he said with a shrug. 

Snape turned it over, his eyes on Harry. 

Surely you dont need such a very old piece of 
parchment? he said. Why dont I just  throw this 
away? 

His hand moved toward the fire. 

No! Harry said quickly. 

So! said Snape, his long nostrils quivering. Is this 
another treasured gift from Mr. Weasley? Or is it  
something else? A letter, perhaps, written in invisible 
ink? Or  instructions to get into Hogsmeade without 
passing the dementors? 

Harry blinked. Snape s eyes gleamed. 

Let me see, let me see ... , he muttered, taking out 
his wand and smoothing the map out on his desk. 
Reveal your secret! he said, touching the wand to 
the parchment. 

Nothing happened. Harry clenched his hands to stop 
them from shaking. 



  319 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Show yourself! Snape said, tapping the map 
sharply. 

It stayed blank. Harry was taking deep, calming 
breaths. 

Professor Severus Snape, master of this school, 
commands you to yield the information you conceal! 
Snape said, hitting the map with his wand. 

As though an invisible hand were writing upon it, 
words appeared on the smooth surface of the map. 

Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor 
Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large 
nose out of other peoples business. 

Snape froze. Harry stared, dumbstruck, at the 
message. But the map didnt stop there. More writing 
was appearing beneath the first. 

Mr. Prongs agrees with Mr. Moony, and would like to 
add that Professor Snape is an ugly git. 

It would have been very funny if the situation hadnt 
been so serious. And there was more. ... 

Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment 
that an idiot like that ever became a professor. 

Harry closed his eyes in horror. When hed opened 
them, the map had had its last word. 

Mr. Wormtail bids Professor Snape good day, and 
advises him to wash his hair, the slimeball. 

Harry waited for the blow to fall. 

So ... , said Snape softly. Well see about this. ... 

  320 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He strode across to his fire, seized a fistful of 
glittering powder from ajar on the fireplace, and 
threw it into the flames. 

Lupin! Snape called into the fire. I want a word! 

Utterly bewildered, Harry stared at the fire. A large 
shape had appeared in it, revolving very fast. Seconds 
later, Professor Lupin was clambering out of the 
fireplace, brushing ash off his shabby robes. 

You called, Severus? said Lupin mildly. 

I certainly did, said Snape, his face contorted with 
fury as he strode back to his desk. I have just asked 
Potter to empty his pockets. He was carrying this. 

Snape pointed at the parchment, on which the words 
of Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs 
were still shining. An odd, closed expression appeared 
on Lupins face. 

Well? said Snape. 

Lupin continued to stare at the map. Harry had the 
impression that Lupin was doing some very quick 
thinking. 

Well? said Snape again. This parchment is plainly 
full of Dark Magic. This is supposed to be your area of 
expertise, Lupin. Where do you imagine Potter got 
such a thing? 

Lupin looked up and, by the merest halfglance in 
Harrys direction, warned him not to interrupt. 

Full of Dark Magic? he repeated mildly. Do you 
really think so, Severus? It looks to me as though it is 
merely a piece of parchment that insults anybody who 

  321 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




reads it. Childish, but surely not dangerous? I 
imagine Harry got it from a joke shop   

Indeed? said Snape. His jaw had gone rigid with 
anger. You think a joke shop could supply him with 
such a thing? You dont think it more likely that he 
got it directly from the manufacturers? 

Harry didnt understand what Snape was talking 
about. Nor, apparently, did Lupin. 

You mean, by Mr. Wormtail or one of these people? 
he said. Harry, do you know any of these men? 

No, said Harry quickly. 

You see, Severus? said Lupin, turning back to 
Snape. It looks like a Zonko product to me   

Right on cue, Ron came bursting into the office. He 
was completely out of breath, and stopped just short 
of Snape s desk, clutching the stitch in his chest and 
trying to speak. 

I  gave  Harry  that  stuff, he choked. 
Bought  it ... in Zonko s ... ages  ago ... 

Well! said Lupin, clapping his hands together and 
looking around cheerfully. That seems to clear that 
up! Severus, Ill take this back, shall I? He folded the 
map and tucked it inside his robes. Harry, Ron, 
come with me, I need a word about my vampire essay 
 excuse us, Severus   

Harry didnt dare look at Snape as they left his office. 
He, Ron, and Lupin walked all the way back into the 
entrance hall before speaking. Then Harry turned to 
Lupin. 



  322 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Professor, I   



I dont want to hear explanations, said Lupin 
shortly. He glanced around the empty entrance hall 
and lowered his voice. I happen to know that this 
map was confiscated by Mr. Filch many years ago. 

Yes, I know its a map, he said as Harry and Ron 
looked amazed. I dont want to know how it fell into 
your possession. I am, however, astounded that you 
didnt hand it in. Particularly after what happened the 
last time a student left information about the castle 
lying around. And I cant let you have it back, Harry. 

Harry had expected that, and was too keen for 
explanations to protest. 

Why did Snape think Id got it from the 
manufacturers? 

Because ... , Lupin hesitated, because these 
mapmakers would have wanted to lure you out of 
school. Theyd think it extremely entertaining. 

Do you know them? said Harry, impressed. 

Weve met, he said shortly. He was looking at Harry 
more seriously than ever before. 

Dont expect me to cover up for you again, Harry. I 
cannot make you take Sirius Black seriously. But I 
would have thought that what you have heard when 
the dementors draw near you would have had more of 
an effect on you. Your parents gave their lives to keep 
you alive, Harry. A poor way to repay them  
gambling their sacrifice for a bag of magic tricks. 

He walked away, leaving Harry feeling worse by far 
than he had at any point in Snape s office. Slowly, he 
and Ron mounted the marble staircase. As Harry 

  323 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




passed the oneeyed witch, he remembered the 
Invisibility Cloak  it was still down there, but he 
didnt dare go and get it. 



Its my fault, said Ron abruptly. I persuaded you to 
go. Lupins right, it was stupid, we shouldntve done 



it   



He broke off; they reached the corridor where the 
security trolls were pacing, and Hermione was 
walking toward them. One look at her face convinced 
Harry that she had heard what had happened. His 
heart plummeted  had she told Professor 
McGonagall? 

Come to have a good gloat? said Ron savagely as 
she stopped in front of them. Or have you just been 
to tell on us? 

No, said Hermione. She was holding a letter in her 
hands and her lip was trembling. I just thought you 
ought to know ... Hagrid lost his case. Buckbeak is 
going to be executed. 



  324 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






THE QUIDDITCH FINAL 

He  he sent me this, Hermione said, holding out 
the letter. 

Harry took it. The parchment was damp, and 
enormous teardrops had smudged the ink so badly in 
places that it was very difficult to read. 

Dear Hermione, 

We lost Im allowed to bring him back to Hogwarts. 
Execution date to be fixed. 

Beaky has enjoyed London. 

I wont forget all the help you gave us. 

Hagrid 

They cant do this, said Harry. They cant. 
Buckbeak isnt dangerous. 



  325 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Malfoys dads frightened the Committee into it, said 
Hermione, wiping her eyes. You know what hes like. 
Theyre a bunch of doddery old fools, and they were 
scared. Therell be an appeal, though, there always is. 
Only I cant see any hope. ... Nothing will have 
changed. 

Yeah, it will, said Ron fiercely. You wont have to do 
all the work alone this time, Hermione. Ill help. 

Oh, Ron! 

Hermione flung her arms around Rons neck and 
broke down completely. Ron, looking quite terrified, 
patted her very awkwardly on the top of the head. 
Finally, Hermione drew away. 

Ron, Im really, really sorry about Scabbers ... , she 
sobbed. 

Oh  well  he was old, said Ron, looking 
thoroughly relieved that she had let go of him. And 
he was a bit useless. You never know, Mum and Dad 
might get me an owl now. 

The safety measures imposed on the students since 
Blacks second breakin made it impossible for Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione to go and visit Hagrid in the 
evenings. Their only chance of talking to him was 
during Care of Magical Creatures lessons. 

He seemed numb with shock at the verdict. 

Sall my fault. Got all tonguetied. They was all sittin 
there in black robes an I kep droppin me notes and 
forgettin all them dates yeh looked up fer me, 
Hermione. An then Lucius Malfoy stood up an said 
his bit, and the Committee jus did exacly what he 
told em. ... 

  326 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Theres still the appeal! said Ron fiercely. Dont give 
up yet, were working on it! 

They were walking back up to the castle with the rest 
of the class. Ahead they could see Malfoy, who was 
walking with Crabbe and Goyle, and kept looking 
back, laughing derisively. 

Sno good, Ron, said Hagrid sadly as they reached 
the castle steps. That Committees in Lucius Malfoy s 
pocket. Im jus gonna make sure the rest o Beakys 
time is the happiest hes ever had. I owe him that. ... 

Hagrid turned around and hurried back toward his 
cabin, his face buried in his handkerchief. 

Look at him blubber! 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had been standing just 
inside the castle doors, listening. 

Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic? said 
Malfoy. And hes supposed to be our teacher! 

Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward 
Malfoy, but Hermione got there first  SMACK! 

She had slapped Malfoy across the face with all the 
strength she could muster. Malfoy staggered. Harry, 
Ron, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted as 
Hermione raised her hand again. 

Dont you dare call Hagrid pathetic, you foul  you 
evil   

Hermione! said Ron weakly, and he tried to grab her 
hand as she swung it back. 

Get off, Ron! 

  327 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione pulled out her wand. Malfoy stepped 
backward. Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for 
instructions, thoroughly bewildered. 

Cmon, Malfoy muttered, and in a moment, all three 
of them had disappeared into the passageway to the 
dungeons. 

Hermionel Ron said again, sounding both stunned 
and impressed. 

Harry, youd better beat him in the Quidditch final! 
Hermione said shrilly. You just better had, because I 
cant stand it if Slytherin wins! 

Were due in Charms, said Ron, still goggling at 
Hermione. Wed better go. 

They hurried up the marble staircase toward 
Professor Flitwicks classroom. 

Youre late, boys! said Professor Flitwick reprovingly 
as Harry opened the classroom door. Come along, 
quickly, wands out, were experimenting with 
Cheering Charms today, weve already divided into 
pairs   

Harry and Ron hurried to a desk at the back and 
opened their bags. Ron looked behind him. 

Wheres Hermione gone? 

Harry looked around too. Hermione hadnt entered 
the classroom, yet Harry knew she had been right 
next to him when he had opened the door. 

Thats weird, said Harry, staring at Ron. Maybe  
maybe she went to the bathroom or something? 



  328 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But Hermione didnt turn up all lesson. 

She couldve done with a Cheering Charm on her 
too, said Ron as the class left for lunch, all grinning 
broadly  the Cheering Charms had left them with a 
feeling of great contentment. 

Hermione wasnt at lunch either. By the time they 
had finished their apple pie, the aftereffects of the 
Cheering Charms were wearing off, and Harry and 
Ron had started to get slightly worried. 

You dont think Malfoy did something to her? Ron 
said anxiously as they hurried upstairs toward 
Gryffindor Tower. 

They passed the security trolls, gave the Fat Lady the 
password (Flibbertigibbet), and scrambled through 
the portrait hole into the common room. 

Hermione was sitting at a table, fast asleep, her head 
resting on an open Arithmancy book. They went to sit 
down on either side of her. Harry prodded her awake. 

Wh  what? said Hermione, waking with a start 
and staring wildly around. Is it time to go? W  
which lesson have we got now? 

Divination, but its not for another twenty minutes, 
said Harry. Hermione, why didnt you come to 
Charms? 

What? Oh no! Hermione squeaked. I forgot to go to 
Charms! 

But how could you forget? said Harry. You were 
with us till we were right outside the classroom! 



  329 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I dont believe it! Hermione wailed. Was Professor 
Flitwick angry? Oh, it was Malfoy, I was thinking 
about him and I lost track of things! 

You know what, Hermione? said Ron, looking down 
at the enormous Arithmancy book Hermione had 
been using as a pillow. I reckon youre cracking up. 
Youre trying to do too much. 

No, Im not! said Hermione, brushing her hair out of 
her eyes and staring hopelessly around for her bag. I 
just made a mistake, thats all! Id better go and see 
Professor Flitwick and say sorry. ... Ill see you in 
Divination! 

Hermione joined them at the foot of the ladder to 
Professor Trelawneys classroom twenty minutes later, 
looking extremely harassed. 

I cant believe I missed Cheering Charms! And I bet 
they come up in our exams; Professor Flitwick hinted 
they might! 

Together they climbed the ladder into the dim, stifling 
tower room. Glowing on every little table was a crystal 
ball full of pearly white mist. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione sat down together at the same rickety table. 

I thought we werent starting crystal balls until next 
term, Ron muttered, casting a wary eye around for 
Professor Trelawney, in case she was lurking nearby. 

Dont complain, this means weve finished 
palmistry, Harry muttered back. I was getting sick 
of her flinching every time she looked at my hands. 

Good day to you! said the familiar, misty voice, and 
Professor Trelawney made her usual dramatic 
entrance out of the shadows. Parvati and Lavender 

  330 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




quivered with excitement, their faces lit by the milky 
glow of their crystal ball. 



I have decided to introduce the crystal ball a little 
earlier than I had planned, said Professor Trelawney, 
sitting with her back to the fire and gazing around. 
The fates have informed me that your examination in 
June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give 
you sufficient practice. 

Hermione snorted. 

Well, honestly ... the fates have informed her ... who 
sets the exam? She does! What an amazing 
prediction! she said, not troubling to keep her voice 
low. Harry and Ron choked back laughs. 

It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney had 
heard them, as her face was hidden in shadow. She 
continued, however, as though she had not. 

Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art, she said 
dreamily. I do not expect any of you to See when first 
you peer into the Orbs infinite depths. We shall start 
by practicing relaxing the conscious mind and 
external eyes  Ron began to snigger uncontrollably 
and had to stuff his fist in his mouth to stifle the 
noise  so as to clear the Inner Eye and the 
superconscious. Perhaps, if we are lucky, some of you 
will See before the end of the class. 

And so they began. Harry, at least, felt extremely 
foolish, staring blankly at the crystal ball, trying to 
keep his mind empty when thoughts such as this is 
stupid kept drifting across it. It didnt help that Ron 
kept breaking into silent giggles and Hermione kept 
tutting. 



  331 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Seen anything yet? Harry asked them after a 
quarter of an hours quiet crystal gazing. 

Yeah, theres a burn on this table, said Ron, 
pointing. Someones spilled their candle. 

This is such a waste of time, Hermione hissed. I 
could be practicing something useful. I could be 
catching up on Cheering Charms   

Professor Trelawney rustled past. 

Would anyone like me to help them interpret the 
shadowy portents within their Orb? she murmured 
over the clinking of her bangles. 

I dont need help, Ron whispered. Its obvious what 
this means. Theres going to be loads of fog tonight. 

Both Harry and Hermione burst out laughing. 

Now, really! said Professor Trelawney as everyones 
heads turned in their direction. Parvati and Lavender 
were looking scandalized. You are disturbing the 
clairvoyant vibrations! She approached their table 
and peered into their crystal ball. Harry felt his heart 
sinking. He was sure he knew what was coming  

There is something here! Professor Trelawney 
whispered, lowering her face to the ball, so that it was 
reflected twice in her huge glasses. Something 
moving . . . but what is it? 

Harry was prepared to bet everything he owned, 
including his Firebolt, that it wasnt good news, 
whatever it was. And sure enough  

My dear ... , Professor Trelawney breathed, gazing 
up at Harry. It is here, plainer than ever before ... my 

  332 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




dear, stalking toward you, growing ever closer ... the 
Gr   



Oh, for goodness sake! said Hermione loudly. Not 
that ridiculous Grim again\ 

Professor Trelawney raised her enormous eyes to 
Hermione s face. Parvati whispered something to 
Lavender, and they both glared at Hermione too. 
Professor Trelawney stood up, surveying Hermione 
with unmistakable anger. 

I am sorry to say that from the moment you have 
arrived in this class, my dear, it has been apparent 
that you do not have what the noble art of Divination 
requires. Indeed, I dont remember ever meeting a 
student whose mind was so hopelessly mundane. 

There was a moments silence. Then  

Fine! said Hermione suddenly, getting up and 
cramming Unfogging the Future back into her bag. 
Fine! she repeated, swinging the bag over her 
shoulder and almost knocking Ron off his chair. I 
give up! Im leaving! 

And to the whole classs amazement, Hermione strode 
over to the trapdoor, kicked it open, and climbed 
down the ladder out of sight. 

It took a few minutes for the class to settle down 
again. Professor Trelawney seemed to have forgotten 
all about the Grim. She turned abruptly from Harry 
and Rons table, breathing rather heavily as she 
tugged her gauzy shawl more closely to her. 

Ooooo! said Lavender suddenly, making everyone 
start. Oooooo, Professor Trelawney, Ive just 
remembered! You saw her leaving, didnt you? Didnt 

  333 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




you, Professor? Around Easter, one of our number will 
leave us forever*. You said it ages ago, Professor! 

Professor Trelawney gave her a dewy smile. 

Yes, my dear, I did indeed know that Miss Granger 
would be leaving us. One hopes, however, that one 
might have mistaken the Signs. ... The Inner Eye can 
be a burden, you know. ... 

Lavender and Parvati looked deeply impressed, and 
moved over so that Professor Trelawney could join 
their table instead. 

Some day Hermiones having, eh? Ron muttered to 
Harry, looking awed. 

Yeah ... 

Harry glanced into the crystal ball but saw nothing 
but swirling white mist. Had Professor Trelawney 
really seen the Grim again? Would he? The last thing 
he needed was another nearfatal accident, with the 
Quidditch final drawing ever nearer. 

The Easter holidays were not exactly relaxing. The 
third years had never had so much homework. Neville 
Longbottom seemed close to a nervous collapse, and 
he wasnt the only one. 

Call this a holiday! Seamus Finnigan roared at the 
common room one afternoon. The exams are ages 
away, whatre they playing at? 

But nobody had as much to do as Hermione. Even 
without Divination, she was taking more subjects 
than anybody else. She was usually last to leave the 
common room at night, first to arrive at the library 



  334 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




the next morning; she had shadows like Lupins 
under her eyes, and seemed constantly close to tears. 

Ron had taken over responsibility for Buckbeaks 
appeal. When he wasnt doing his own work, he was 
poring over enormously thick volumes with names 
like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl 
or Foul? A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. He was so 
absorbed, he even forgot to be horrible to 
Crookshanks. 

Harry, meanwhile, had to fit in his homework around 
Quidditch practice every day, not to mention endless 
discussions of tactics with Wood. The Gryffindor 
Slytherin match would take place on the first 
Saturday after the Easter holidays. Slytherin was 
leading the tournament by exactly two hundred 
points. This meant (as Wood constantly reminded his 
team) that they needed to win the match by more 
than that amount to win the Cup. It also meant that 
the burden of winning fell largely on Harry, because 
capturing the Snitch was worth one hundred and fifty 
points. 

So you must catch it only if were more than fifty 
points up, Wood told Harry constantly. Only if were 
more than fifty points up, Harry, or we win the match 
but lose the Cup. Youve got that, havent you? You 
must catch the Snitch only if were   

I KNOW, OLIVER! Harry yelled. 

The whole of Gryffindor House was obsessed with the 
coming match. Gryffindor hadnt won the Quidditch 
Cup since the legendary Charlie Weasley (Rons 
second oldest brother) had been Seeker. But Harry 
doubted whether any of them, even Wood, wanted to 
win as much as he did. The enmity between Harry 
and Malfoy was at its highest point ever. Malfoy was 
  335 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




still smarting about the mudthrowing incident in 
Hogsmeade and was even more furious that Harry 
had somehow wormed his way out of punishment. 
Harry hadnt forgotten Malfoys attempt to sabotage 
him in the match against Ravenclaw, but it was the 
matter of Buckbeak that made him most determined 
to beat Malfoy in front of the entire school. 

Never, in anyones memory, had a match approached 
in such a highly charged atmosphere. By the time the 
holidays were over, tension between the two teams 
and their Houses was at the breaking point. A 
number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors, 
culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor 
fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year ended up in the 
hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of their ears. 

Harry was having a particularly bad time of it. He 
couldnt walk to class without Slytherins sticking out 
their legs and trying to trip him up; Crabbe and Goyle 
kept popping up wherever he went, and slouching 
away looking disappointed when they saw him 
surrounded by people. Wood had given instructions 
that Harry should be accompanied everywhere he 
went, in case the Slytherins tried to put him out of 
action. The whole of Gryffindor House took up the 
challenge enthusiastically, so that it was impossible 
for Harry to get to classes on time because he was 
surrounded by a vast, chattering crowd. Harry was 
more concerned for his Firebolts safety than his own. 
When he wasnt flying it, he locked it securely in his 
trunk and frequently dashed back up to Gryffindor 
Tower at break times to check that it was still there. 

All usual pursuits were abandoned in the Gryffindor 
common room the night before the match. Even 
Hermione had put down her books. 

I cant work, I cant concentrate, she said nervously. 

  336 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




There was a great deal of noise. Fred and George 
Weasley were dealing with the pressure by being 
louder and more exuberant than ever. Oliver Wood 
was crouched over a model of a Quidditch field in the 
corner, prodding little figures across it with his wand 
and muttering to himself. Angelina, Alicia, and Katie 
were laughing at Freds and Georges jokes. Harry was 
sitting with Ron and Hermione, removed from the 
center of things, trying not to think about the next 
day, because every time he did, he had the horrible 
sensation that something very large was fighting to 
get out of his stomach. 

Youre going to be fine, Hermione told him, though 
she looked positively terrified. 

Youve got a Firebolti said Ron. 

Yeah ... , said Harry, his stomach writhing. 

It came as a relief when Wood suddenly stood up and 
yelled, Team! Bed! 



Harry slept badly. First he dreamed that he had 
overslept, and that Wood was yelling, Where were 
you? We had to use Neville instead! Then he dreamed 
that Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team arrived 
for the match riding dragons. He was flying at 
breakneck speed, trying to avoid a spurt of flames 
from Malfoy s steeds mouth, when he realized he had 
forgotten his Firebolt. He fell through the air and 
woke with a start. 

It was a few seconds before Harry remembered that 
the match hadnt taken place yet, that he was safe in 
bed, and that the Slytherin team definitely wouldnt 
be allowed to play on dragons. He was feeling very 

  337 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




thirsty. Quietly as he could, he got out of his four 
poster and went to pour himself some water from the 
silver jug beneath the window. 

The grounds were still and quiet. No breath of wind 
disturbed the treetops in the Forbidden Forest; the 
Whomping Willow was motionless and innocent 
looking. It looked as though the conditions for the 
match would be perfect. 

Harry set down his goblet and was about to turn back 
to his bed when something caught his eye. An animal 
of some kind was prowling across the silvery lawn. 

Harry dashed to his bedside table, snatched up his 
glasses, and put them on, then hurried back to the 
window. It couldnt be the Grim  not now  not 
right before the match  

He peered out at the grounds again and, after a 
minutes frantic searching, spotted it. It was skirting 
the edge of the forest now. ... It wasnt the Grim at all 
...it was a cat. ... Harry clutched the window ledge in 
relief as he recognized the bottlebrush tail. It was only 
Crookshanks. ... 

Or was it only Crookshanks? Harry squinted, 
pressing his nose flat against the glass. Crookshanks 
seemed to have come to a halt. Harry was sure he 
could see something else moving in the shadow of the 
trees too. 

And just then, it emerged  a gigantic, shaggy black 
dog, moving stealthily across the lawn, Crookshanks 
trotting at its side. Harry stared. What did this mean? 
If Crookshanks could see the dog as well, how could it 
be an omen of Harrys death? 

Ron! Harry hissed. Ron! Wake up! 

  338 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Huh? 



I need you to tell me if you can see something! 

Sall dark, Harry, Ron muttered thickly. Whatre 
you on about? 

Down here   

Harry looked quickly back out of the window. 

Crookshanks and the dog had vanished. Harry 
climbed onto the windowsill to look right down into 
the shadows of the castle, but they werent there. 
Where had they gone? 

A loud snore told him Ron had fallen asleep again. 

Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team entered the 
Great Hall the next day to enormous applause. Harry 
couldnt help grinning broadly as he saw that both 
the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were applauding 
them too. The Slytherin table hissed loudly as they 
passed. Harry noticed that Malfoy looked even paler 
than usual. 

Wood spent the whole of breakfast urging his team to 
eat, while touching nothing himself. Then he hurried 
them off to the field before anyone else had finished, 
so they could get an idea of the conditions. As they 
left the Great Hall, everyone applauded again. 

Good luck, Harry! called Cho. Harry felt himself 
blushing. 

Okay  no wind to speak of  suns a bit bright, 
that could impair your vision, watch out for it  

grounds fairly hard, good, thatll give us a fast kickoff 
?? 

  339 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Wood paced the field, staring around with the team 
behind him. Finally, they saw the front doors of the 
castle open in the distance and the rest of the school 
spilling onto the lawn. 

Locker rooms, said Wood tersely. 

None of them spoke as they changed into their scarlet 
robes. Harry wondered if they were feeling like he 
was: as though hed eaten something extremely 
wriggly for breakfast. In what seemed like no time at 
all, Wood was saying, Okay, its time, lets go   

They walked out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise. 
Threequarters of the crowd was wearing scarlet 
rosettes, waving scarlet flags with the Gryffindor lion 
upon them, or brandishing banners with slogans like 
GO GRYFFINDOR! and LIONS FOR THE CUP! 
Behind the Slytherin goal posts, however, two 
hundred people were wearing green; the silver serpent 
of Slytherin glittered on their flags, and Professor 
Snape sat in the very front row, wearing green like 
everyone else, and a very grim smile. 

And here are the Gryffindors! yelled Lee Jordan, 
who was acting as commentator as usual. Potter, 

Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Weasley, Weasley, and Wood. 
Widely acknowledged as the best team Hogwarts has 
seen in a good few years   

Lees comments were drowned by a tide of boos from 
the Slytherin end. 

And here come the Slytherin team, led by Captain 
Flint. Hes made some changes in the lineup and 
seems to be going for size rather than skill   

More boos from the Slytherin crowd. Harry, however, 
thought Lee had a point. Malfoy was easily the 

  340 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




smallest person on the Slytherin team; the rest of 
them were enormous. 



Captains, shake hands! said Madam Hooch. 

Flint and Wood approached each other and grasped 
each others hand very tightly; it looked as though 
each was trying to break the others fingers. 

Mount your brooms! said Madam Hooch. Three ... 
two ... one ... 

The sound of her whistle was lost in the roar from the 
crowd as fourteen brooms rose into the air. Harry felt 
his hair fly back off his forehead; his nerves left him 
in the thrill of the flight; he glanced around, saw 
Malfoy on his tail, and sped off in search of the 
Snitch. 

And its Gryffindor in possession, Alicia Spinnet of 
Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading straight for the 
Slytherin goal posts, looking good, Alicia! Argh, no  
Quaffle intercepted by Warrington, Warrington of 
Slytherin tearing up the field  WHAM!  nice 
Bludger work there by George Weasley, Warrington 
drops the Quaffle, its caught by  Johnson, 
Gryffindor back in possession, come on, Angelina  
nice swerve around Montague  duck, Angelina, 
thats a Bludger]  SHE SCORES! TENZERO TO 
GRYFFINDOR! 

Angelina punched the air as she soared around the 
end of the field; the sea of scarlet below was 
screaming its delight  

OUCH! 

Angelina was nearly thrown from her broom as 
Marcus Flint went smashing into her. 

  341 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Sorry! said Flint as the crowd below booed. Sorry, 
didnt see her! 

A moment later, Fred Weasley chucked his Beaters 
club at the back of Flints head. Flints nose smashed 
into the handle of his broom and began to bleed. 

That will do! shrieked Madam Hooch, zooming 
between them. Penalty shot to Gryffindor for an 
unprovoked attack on their Chaser! Penalty shot to 
Slytherin for deliberate damage to their Chaser! 

Come off it, Miss! howled Fred, but Madam Hooch 
blew her whistle and Alicia flew forward to take the 
penalty. 

Come on, Alicia! yelled Lee into the silence that had 
descended on the crowd. YES! SHES BEATEN THE 
KEEPER! TWENTYZERO TO GRYFFINDOR! 

Harry turned the Firebolt sharply to watch Flint, still 
bleeding freely, fly forward to take the Slytherin 
penalty. Wood was hovering in front of the Gryffindor 
goal posts, his jaw clenched. 

 Course, Woods a superb Keeper! Lee Jordan told 
the crowd as Flint waited for Madam Hoochs whistle. 
Superb! Very difficult to pass  very difficult indeed 

 YES! I DONT BELIEVE IT! HES SAVED IT! 

Relieved, Harry zoomed away, gazing around for the 
Snitch, but still making sure he caught every word of 
Lees commentary. It was essential that he hold 
Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor was more than 
fifty points up  

Gryffindor in possession, no, Slytherin in possession 

 no!  Gryffindor back in possession and its Katie 



  342 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle, shes 
streaking up the field  THAT WAS DELIBERATE! 



Montague, a Slytherin Chaser, had swerved in front of 
Katie, and instead of seizing the Quaffle had grabbed 
her head. Katie cartwheeled in the air, managed to 
stay on her broom, but dropped the Quaffle. 

Madam Hoochs whistle rang out again as she soared 
over to Montague and began shouting at him. A 
minute later, Katie had put another penalty past the 
Slytherin Seeker. 

THIRTYZERO! TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEATING 



Jordan, if you cant commentate in an unbiased way 

 ! 

Im telling it like it is, Professor! 

Harry felt a huge jolt of excitement. He had seen the 
Snitch  it was shimmering at the foot of one of the 
Gryffindor goal posts  but he mustnt catch it yet  
and if Malfoy saw it  

Faking a look of sudden concentration, Harry pulled 
his Firebolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin 
end  it worked. Malfoy went haring after him, 
clearly thinking Harry had seen the Snitch there. ... 

WHOOSH. 

One of the Bludgers came streaking past Harrys right 
ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. 

Then again  

WHOOSH. 

  343 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The second Bludger grazed Harrys elbow. The other 
Beater, Bole, was closing in. 

Harry had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick 
zooming toward him, clubs raised  

He turned the Firebolt upward at the last second, and 
Bole and Derrick collided with a sickening crunch. 

Ha haaa! yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters 
lurched away from each other, clutching their heads. 
Too bad, boys! Youll need to get up earlier than that 
to beat a Firebolt! And its Gryffindor in possession 
again, as Johnson takes the Quaffle  Flint alongside 
her  poke him in the eye, Angelina!  it was a joke, 
Professor, it was a joke  oh no  Flint in 
possession, Flint flying toward the Gryffindor goal 
posts, come on now, Wood, save  ! 

But Flint had scored; there was an eruption of cheers 
from the Slytherin end, and Lee swore so badly that 
Professor McGonagall tried to tug the magical 
megaphone away from him. 

Sorry, Professor, sorry! Wont happen again! So, 
Gryffindor in the lead, thirty points to ten, and 
Gryffindor in possession   

It was turning into the dirtiest game Harry had ever 
played in. Enraged that Gryffindor had taken such an 
early lead, the Slytherins were rapidly resorting to any 
means to take the Quaffle. Bole hit Alicia with his 
club and tried to say hed thought she was a Bludger. 
George Weasley elbowed Bole in the face in 
retaliation. Madam Hooch awarded both teams 
penalties, and Wood pulled off another spectacular 
save, making the score fortyten to Gryffindor. 



  344 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The Snitch had disappeared again. Malfoy was still 
keeping close to Harry as he soared over the match, 
looking around for it  once Gryffindor was fifty 
points ahead  

Katie scored. Fiftyten. Fred and George Weasley were 
swooping around her, clubs raised, in case any of the 
Slytherins were thinking of revenge. Bole and Derrick 
took advantage of Freds and Georges absence to aim 
both Bludgers at Wood; they caught him in the 
stomach, one after the other, and he rolled over in the 
air, clutching his broom, completely winded. 

Madam Hooch was beside herself. 

YOU DO NOT ATTACK THE KEEPER UNLESS THE 
QUAFFLE IS WITHIN THE SCORING AREA! she 
shrieked at Bole and Derrick. Gryffindor penalty! 

And Angelina scored. Sixtyten. Moments later, Fred 
Weasley pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the 
Quaffle out of his hands; Alicia seized it and put it 
through the Slytherin goal  seventyten. 

The Gryffindor crowd below was screaming itself 
hoarse  Gryffindor was sixty points in the lead, and 
if Harry caught the Snitch now, the Cup was theirs. 
Harry could almost feel hundreds of eyes following 
him as he soared around the field, high above the rest 
of the game, with Malfoy speeding along behind him. 

And then he saw it. The Snitch was sparkling twenty 
feet above him. 

Harry put on a huge burst of speed; the wind was 
roaring in his ears; he stretched out his hand, but 
suddenly, the Firebolt was slowing down  



  345 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Horrified, he looked around. Malfoy had thrown 
himself forward, grabbed hold of the Firebolts tail, 
and was pulling it back. 

You   

Harry was angry enough to hit Malfoy, but couldnt 
reach  Malfoy was panting with the effort of holding 
onto the Firebolt, but his eyes were sparkling 
maliciously. He had achieved what hed wanted to do 
 the Snitch had disappeared again. 

Penalty! Penalty to Gryffindor! Ive never seen such 
tactics! Madam Hooch screeched, shooting up to 
where Malfoy was sliding back onto his Nimbus Two 
Thousand and One. 

YOU CHEATING SCUM! Lee Jordan was howling 
into the megaphone, dancing out of Professor 
McGonagalls reach. YOU FILTHY, CHEATING B   

Professor McGonagall didnt even bother to tell him 
off. She was actually shaking her finger in Malfoys 
direction, her hat had fallen off, and she too was 
shouting furiously. 

Alicia took Gryffindors penalty, but she was so angry 
she missed by several feet. The Gryffindor team was 
losing concentration and the Slytherins, delighted by 
Malfoys foul on Harry, were being spurred on to 
greater heights. 

Slytherin in possession, Slytherin heading for goal  
Montague scores   Lee groaned. Seventytwenty to 
Gryffindor. ... 

Harry was now marking Malfoy so closely their knees 
kept hitting each other. Harry wasnt going to let 
Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch. ... 

  346 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Get out of it, Potter! Malfoy yelled in frustration as 
he tried to turn and found Harry blocking him. 

Angelina Johnson gets the Quaffle for Gryffindor, 
come on, Angelina, COME ON! 

Harry looked around. Every single Slytherin player 
apart from Malfoy was streaking up the pitch toward 
Angelina, including the Slytherin Keeper  they were 
all going to block her  

Harry wheeled the Firebolt around, bent so low he 
was lying flat along the handle, and kicked it forward. 
Like a bullet, he shot toward the Slytherins. 

AAAAAAARRRGH !  

They scattered as the Firebolt zoomed toward them; 
Angelinas way was clear. 

SHE SCORES! SHE SCORES! Gryffindor leads by 
eighty points to twenty! 

Harry, who had almost pelted headlong into the 
stands, skidded to a halt in midair, reversed, and 
zoomed back into the middle of the field. 

And then he saw something to make his heart stand 
still. Malfoy was diving, a look of triumph on his face 
 there, a few feet above the grass below, was a tiny, 
golden glimmer  

Harry urged the Firebolt downward, but Malfoy was 
miles ahead  

Go! Go! Go! Harry urged his broom. He was gaining 
on Malfoy  Harry flattened himself to the broom 
handle as Bole sent a Bludger at him  he was at 
Malfoys ankles  he was level  

  347 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry threw himself forward, took both hands off his 
broom. He knocked Malfoys arm out of the way and 



YES! 

He pulled out of his dive, his hand in the air, and the 
stadium exploded. Harry soared above the crowd, an 
odd ringing in his ears. The tiny golden ball was held 
tight in his fist, beating its wings hopelessly against 
his fingers. 

Then Wood was speeding toward him, halfblinded by 
tears; he seized Harry around the neck and sobbed 
unrestrainedly into his shoulder. Harry felt two large 
thumps as Fred and George hit them; then 
Angelinas, Alicias, and Katies voices, Weve won the 
Cup\ Weve won the Cup\ Tangled together in a 
manyarmed hug, the Gryffindor team sank, yelling 
hoarsely, back to earth. 

Wave upon wave of crimson supporters was pouring 
over the barriers onto the field. Hands were raining 
down on their backs. Harry had a confused 
impression of noise and bodies pressing in on him. 
Then he, and the rest of the team, were hoisted onto 
the shoulders of the crowd. Thrust into the light, he 
saw Hagrid, plastered with crimson rosettes  Yeh 
beat em, Harry, yeh beat em! Wait till I tell 
Buckbeak! There was Percy, jumping up and down 
like a maniac, all dignity forgotten. Professor 
McGonagall was sobbing harder even than Wood, 
wiping her eyes with an enormous Gryffindor flag; 
and there, fighting their way toward Harry, were Ron 
and Hermione. Words failed them. They simply 
beamed as Harry was borne toward the stands, where 
Dumbledore stood waiting with the enormous 
Quidditch Cup. 



  348 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




If only there had been a dementor around. ... As a 
sobbing Wood passed Harry the Cup, as he lifted it 
into the air, Harry felt he could have produced the 
worlds best Patronus. 



  349 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






PROFESSOR TRELAWNEYS 
PREDICTION 

Harrys euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup 
lasted at least a week. Even the weather seemed to be 
celebrating; as June approached, the days became 
cloudless and sultry, and all anybody felt like doing 
was strolling onto the grounds and flopping down on 
the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice, 
perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or 
watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across 
the surface of the lake. 

But they couldnt. Exams were nearly upon them, and 
instead of lazing around outside, the students were 
forced to remain inside the castle, trying to bully their 
brains into concentrating while enticing wafts of 
summer air drifted in through the windows. Even 
Fred and George Weasley had been spotted working; 
they were about to take their O.W.L.s (Ordinary 
Wizarding Levels). Percy was getting ready to take his 
N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests), the 
highest qualification Hogwarts offered. As Percy 

  350 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



hoped to enter the Ministry of Magic, he needed top 
grades. He was becoming increasingly edgy, and gave 
very severe punishments to anybody who disturbed 
the quiet of the common room in the evenings. In fact, 
the only person who seemed more anxious than Percy 
was Hermione. 

Harry and Ron had given up asking her how she was 
managing to attend several classes at once, but they 
couldnt restrain themselves when they saw the exam 
schedule she had drawn up for herself. The first 
column read: 

Monday 

9 oclock, Arithmancy 
9 oclock, Transfiguration 
Lunch 

1 oclock, Charms 
1 oclock, Ancient Runes 

Hermione? Ron said cautiously, because she was 
liable to explode when interrupted these days. Er  
are you sure youve copied down these times right? 

What? snapped Hermione, picking up the exam 
schedule and examining it. Yes, of course I have. 

Is there any point asking how youre going to sit for 
two exams at once? said Harry. 

No, said Hermione shortly. Have either of you seen 
my copy of Numerology and Gramatica? 



  351 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Oh, yeah, I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading, 
said Ron, but very quietly. Hermione started shifting 
heaps of parchment around on her table, looking for 
the book. Just then, there was a rustle at the window 
and Hedwig fluttered through it, a note clutched tight 
in her beak. 

Its from Hagrid, said Harry, ripping the note open. 
Buckbeaks appeal  its set for the sixth. 

Thats the day we finish our exams, said Hermione, 
still looking everywhere for her Arithmancy book. 

And theyre coming up here to do it, said Harry, still 
reading from the letter. Someone from the Ministry of 
Magic and  and an executioner. 

Hermione looked up, startled. 

Theyre bringing the executioner to the appeal! But 
that sounds as though theyve already decided! 

Yeah, it does, said Harry slowly. 

They cant! Ron howled. Ive spent ages reading up 
on stuff for him; they cant just ignore it all! 

But Harry had a horrible feeling that the Committee 
for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures had had its 
mind made up for it by Mr. Malfoy. Draco, who had 
been noticeably subdued since Gryffindors triumph 
in the Quidditch final, seemed to regain some of his 
old swagger over the next few days. From sneering 
comments Harry overheard, Malfoy was certain 
Buckbeak was going to be killed, and seemed 
thoroughly pleased with himself for bringing it about. 
It was all Harry could do to stop himself imitating 
Hermione and hitting Malfoy in the face on these 
occasions. And the worst thing of all was that they 
  352 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




had no time or opportunity to go and see Hagrid, 
because the strict new security measures had not 
been lifted, and Harry didnt dare retrieve his 
Invisibility Cloak from below the oneeyed witch. 

k k k 



Exam week began and an unnatural hush fell over 
the castle. The third years emerged from 
Transfiguration at lunchtime on Monday, limp and 
ashenfaced, comparing results and bemoaning the 
difficulty of the tasks they had been set, which had 
included turning a teapot into a tortoise. Hermione 
irritated the rest by fussing about how her tortoise 
had looked more like a turtle, which was the least of 
everyone elses worries. 

Mine still had a spout for a tail, what a nightmare. 



Were the tortoises supposed to breathe steam? 

It still had a willowpatterned shell, dyou think 
that 11 count against me? 

Then, after a hasty lunch, it was straight back 
upstairs for the Charms exam. Hermione had been 
right; Professor Flitwick did indeed test them on 
Cheering Charms. Harry slightly overdid his out of 
nerves and Ron, who was partnering him, ended up 
in fits of hysterical laughter and had to be led away to 
a quiet room for an hour before he was ready to 
perform the charm himself. After dinner, the students 
hurried back to their common rooms, not to relax, 
but to start studying for Care of Magical Creatures, 
Potions, and Astronomy. 



  353 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hagrid presided over the Care of Magical Creatures 
exam the following morning with a very preoccupied 
air indeed; his heart didnt seem to be in it at all. He 
had provided a large tub of fresh flobberworms for the 
class, and told them that to pass the test, their 
flobberworm had to still be alive at the end of one 
hour. As flobberworms flourished best if left to their 
own devices, it was the easiest exam any of them had 
ever taken, and also gave Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid. 

Beakys gettin a bit depressed, Hagrid told them, 
bending low on the pretense of checking that Harrys 
flobberworm was still alive. Bin cooped up too long. 
But still ... well know day after tomorrow  one way 
or the other   

They had Potions that afternoon, which was an 
unqualified disaster. Try as Harry might, he couldnt 
get his Confusing Concoction to thicken, and Snape, 
standing watch with an air of vindictive pleasure, 
scribbled something that looked suspiciously like a 
zero onto his notes before moving away. 

Then came Astronomy at midnight, up on the tallest 
tower; History of Magic on Wednesday morning, in 
which Harry scribbled everything Florean Fortescue 
had ever told him about medieval witchhunts, while 
wishing he could have had one of Fortescue s choco 
nut sundaes with him in the stifling classroom. 
Wednesday afternoon meant Herbology, in the 
greenhouses under a bakinghot sun; then back to 
the common room once more, with sunburnt necks, 
thinking longingly of this time next day, when it 
would all be over. 

Their second to last exam, on Thursday morning, was 
Defense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Lupin had 
compiled the most unusual exam any of them had 

  354 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




ever taken; a sort of obstacle course outside in the 
sun, where they had to wade across a deep paddling 
pool containing a grindylow, cross a series of potholes 
full of Red Caps, squish their way across a patch of 
marsh while ignoring misleading directions from a 
hinkypunk, then climb into an old trunk and battle 
with a new boggart. 

Excellent, Harry, Lupin muttered as Harry climbed 
out of the trunk, grinning. Full marks. 

Flushed with his success, Harry hung around to 
watch Ron and Hermione. Ron did very well until he 
reached the hinkypunk, which successfully confused 
him into sinking waisthigh into the quagmire. 
Hermione did everything perfectly until she reached 
the trunk with the boggart in it. After about a minute 
inside it, she burst out again, screaming. 

Hermione! said Lupin, startled. Whats the matter? 

P  P  Professor McGonagall! Hermione gasped, 
pointing into the trunk. Sh  she said Id failed 
everything! 

It took a little while to calm Hermione down. When at 
last she had regained a grip on herself, she, Harry, 
and Ron went back to the castle. Ron was still slightly 
inclined to laugh at Hermione s boggart, but an 
argument was averted by the sight that met them on 
the top of the steps. 

Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in his pinstriped 
cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. 
He started at the sight of Harry. 

Hello there, Harry! he said. Just had an exam, I 
expect? Nearly finished? 



  355 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Yes, said Harry. Hermione and Ron, not being on 
speaking terms with the Minister of Magic, hovered 
awkwardly in the background. 

Lovely day, said Fudge, casting an eye over the lake. 
Pity ... pity ... 

He sighed deeply and looked down at Harry. 

Im here on an unpleasant mission, Harry. The 
Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures 
required a witness to the execution of a mad 
hippogriff. As I needed to visit Hogwarts to check on 
the Black situation, I was asked to step in. 

Does that mean the appeals already happened? Ron 
interrupted, stepping forward. 

No, no, its scheduled for this afternoon, said Fudge, 
looking curiously at Ron. 

Then you might not have to witness an execution at 
all! said Ron stoutly. The hippogriff might get off! 

Before Fudge could answer, two wizards came 
through the castle doors behind him. One was so 
ancient he appeared to be withering before their very 
eyes; the other was tall and strapping, with a thin 
black mustache. Harry gathered that they were 
representatives of the Committee for the Disposal of 
Dangerous Creatures, because the very old wizard 
squinted toward Hagrids cabin and said in a feeble 
voice, Dear, dear, Im getting too old for this. ... Two 
oclock, isnt it, Fudge? 

The blackmustached man was fingering something in 
his belt; Harry looked and saw that he was running 
one broad thumb along the blade of a shining axe. 

Ron opened his mouth to say something, but 

  356 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione nudged him hard in the ribs and jerked her 
head toward the entrance hall. 

Whyd you stop me? said Ron angrily as they 
entered the Great Hall for lunch. Did you see them? 
Theyve even got the axe ready! This isnt justice! 

Ron, your dad works for the Ministry, you cant go 
saying things like that to his boss! said Hermione, 
but she too looked very upset. As long as Hagrid 
keeps his head this time, and argues his case 
properly, they cant possibly execute Buckbeak. ... 

But Harry could tell Hermione didnt really believe 
what she was saying. All around them, people were 
talking excitedly as they ate their lunch, happily 
anticipating the end of the exams that afternoon, but 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, lost in worry about Hagrid 
and Buckbeak, didnt join in. 

Harrys and Rons last exam was Divination; 
Hermiones, Muggle Studies. They walked up the 
marble staircase together; Hermione left them on the 
first floor and Harry and Ron proceeded all the way 
up to the seventh, where many of their class were 
sitting on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawneys 
classroom, trying to cram in a bit of lastminute 
studying. 

Shes seeing us all separately, Neville informed them 
as they went to sit down next to him. He had his copy 
of Unfogging the Future open on his lap at the s 
devoted to crystal gazing. Have either of you ever 
seen anything in a crystal ball? he asked them 
unhappily. 

Nope, said Ron in an offhand voice. He kept 
checking his watch; Harry knew that he was counting 
down the time until Buckbeaks appeal started. 

  357 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The line of people outside the classroom shortened 
very slowly. As each person climbed back down the 
silver ladder, the rest of the class hissed, What did 
she ask? Was it okay? 

But they all refused to say. 

She says the crystal balls told her that if I tell you, 

Ill have a horrible accident! squeaked Neville as he 
clambered back down the ladder toward Harry and 
Ron, who had now reached the landing. 

Thats convenient, snorted Ron. You know, Im 
starting to think Hermione was right about her  he 
jabbed his thumb toward the trapdoor overhead  
shes a right old fraud. 

Yeah, said Harry, looking at his own watch. It was 
now two oclock. Wish shed hurry up ... 

Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with 
pride. 

She says Ive got all the makings of a true Seer, she 
informed Harry and Ron. I saw loads of stuff. ... Well, 
good luck! 

She hurried off down the spiral staircase toward 
Lavender. 

Ronald Weasley, said the familiar, misty voice from 
over their heads. Ron grimaced at Harry and climbed 
the silver ladder out of sight. Harry was now the only 
person left to be tested. He settled himself on the floor 
with his back against the wall, listening to a fly 
buzzing in the sunny window, his mind across the 
grounds with Hagrid. 



  358 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Finally, after about twenty minutes, Rons large feet 
reappeared on the ladder. 

Howd it go? Harry asked him, standing up. 

Rubbish, said Ron. Couldnt see a thing, so I made 
some stuff up. Dont think she was convinced, 
though. ... 

Meet you in the common room, Harry muttered as 
Professor Trelawneys voice called, Harry Potter! 

The tower room was hotter than ever before; the 
curtains were closed, the fire was alight, and the 
usual sickly scent made Harry cough as he stumbled 
through the clutter of chairs and tables to where 
Professor Trelawney sat waiting for him before a large 
crystal ball. 

Good day, my dear, she said softly. If you would 
kindly gaze into the Orb. ... Take your time, now ... 
then tell me what you see within it. ... 

Harry bent over the crystal ball and stared, stared as 
hard as he could, willing it to show him something 
other than swirling white fog, but nothing happened. 

Well? Professor Trelawney prompted delicately. 
What do you see? 

The heat was overpowering and his nostrils were 
stinging with the perfumed smoke wafting from the 
fire beside them. He thought of what Ron had just 
said, and decided to pretend. 

Er   said Harry, a dark shape ... um ... 

What does it resemble? whispered Professor 
Trelawney. Think, now ... 

  359 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry cast his mind around and it landed on 
Buckbeak. 

A hippogriff, he said firmly. 

Indeed! whispered Professor Trelawney, scribbling 
keenly on the parchment perched upon her knees. 
My boy, you may well be seeing the outcome of poor 
Hagrids trouble with the Ministry of Magic! Look 
closer. . . . Does the hippogriff appear to . . . have its 
head? 

Yes, said Harry firmly. 

Are you sure? Professor Trelawney urged him. Are 
you quite sure, dear? You dont see it writhing on the 
ground, perhaps, and a shadowy figure raising an axe 
behind it? 

No! said Harry, starting to feel slightly sick. 

No blood? No weeping Hagrid? 

No! said Harry again, wanting more than ever to 
leave the room and the heat. It looks fine, its  
flying away. ... 

Professor Trelawney sighed. 

Well, dear, I think well leave it there. ... A little 
disappointing ... but Im sure you did your best. 

Relieved, Harry got up, picked up his bag and turned 
to go, but then a loud, harsh voice spoke behind him. 

It will happen tonight. 



  360 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry wheeled around. Professor Trelawney had gone 
rigid in her armchair; her eyes were unfocused and 
her mouth sagging. 

S  sorry? said Harry. 

But Professor Trelawney didnt seem to hear him. Her 
eyes started to roll. Harry sat there in a panic. She 
looked as though she was about to have some sort of 
seizure. He hesitated, thinking of running to the 
hospital wing  and then Professor Trelawney spoke 
again, in the same harsh voice, quite unlike her own: 

The Dark Lord lies alone and friendless, abandoned 
by his followers. His servant has been chained these 
twelve years. Tonight, before midnight ... the servant 
will break free and set out to rejoin his master. The 
Dark Lord will rise again with his servants aid, 
greater and more terrible than ever he was. Tonight ... 
before midnight . . . the servant . . . will set out ... to 
rejoin ... his master. ... 

Professor Trelawneys head fell forward onto her 
chest. She made a grunting sort of noise. Harry sat 
there, staring at her. Then, quite suddenly, Professor 
Trelawneys head snapped up again. 

Im so sorry, dear boy, she said dreamily, the heat 
of the day, you know ... I drifted off for a moment. ... 

Harry sat there, staring at her. 

Is there anything wrong, my dear? 

You  you just told me that the  the Dark Lords 
going to rise again ... that his servants going to go 
back to him. ... 

Professor Trelawney looked thoroughly startled. 

  361 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The Dark Lord? HeWhoMustNotBeNamed? My 
dear boy, thats hardly something to joke about. ... 
Rise again, indeed   

But you just said it! You said the Dark Lord   

I think you must have dozed off too, dear! said 
Professor Trelawney. I would certainly not presume 
to predict anything quite as farfetched as that\ 

Harry climbed back down the ladder and the spiral 
staircase, wondering ... had he just heard Professor 
Trelawney make a real prediction? Or had that been 
her idea of an impressive end to the test? 

Five minutes later he was dashing past the security 
trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, 
Professor Trelawneys words still resounding in his 
head. People were striding past him in the opposite 
direction, laughing and joking, heading for the 
grounds and a bit of longawaited freedom; by the 
time he had reached the portrait hole and entered the 
common room, it was almost deserted. Over in the 
corner, however, sat Ron and Hermione. 

Professor Trelawney, Harry panted, just told me   

But he stopped abruptly at the sight of their faces. 

Buckbeak lost, said Ron weakly. Hagrids just sent 
this. 

Hagrids note was dry this time, no tears had 
splattered it, yet his hand seemed to have shaken so 
much as he wrote that it was hardly legible. 

Lost appeal. Theyre going to execute at sunset 



Nothing you can do. Dont come down. 

  362 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I dont want you to see it 
Hagrid 

Weve got to go, said Harry at once. He cant just sit 
there on his own, waiting for the executioner! 

Sunset, though, said Ron, who was staring out the 
window in a glazed sort of way. Wed never be 
allowed ... specially you, Harry. ... 

Harry sank his head into his hands, thinking. 

If we only had the Invisibility Cloak. ... 

Where is it? said Hermione. 

Harry told her about leaving it in the passageway 
under the oneeyed witch. 

"... if Snape sees me anywhere near there again, Im 
in serious trouble, he finished. 

Thats true, said Hermione, getting to her feet. If he 
sees you. ... How do you open the witchs hump 
again? 

You  you tap it and say, Dissendium,  said Harry. 
But   

Hermione didnt wait for the rest of his sentence; she 
strode across the room, pushed open the Fat Ladys 
portrait and vanished from sight. 

She hasnt gone to get it? Ron said, staring after 
her. 



  363 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




She had. Hermione returned a quarter of an hour 
later with the silvery cloak folded carefully under her 
robes. 

Hermione, I dont know whats gotten into you 
lately! said Ron, astounded. First you hit Malfoy, 
then you walk out on Professor Trelawney   

Hermione looked rather flattered. 

They went down to dinner with everybody else, but 
did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward. Harry 
had the cloak hidden down the front of his robes; he 
had to keep his arms folded to hide the lump. They 
skulked in an empty chamber off the entrance hall, 
listening, until they were sure it was deserted. They 
heard a last pair of people hurrying across the hall 
and a door slamming. Hermione poked her head 
around the door. 

Okay, she whispered, no one there  cloak on   

Walking very close together so that nobody would see 
them, they crossed the hall on tiptoe beneath the 
cloak, then walked down the stone front steps into 
the grounds. The sun was already sinking behind the 
Forbidden Forest, gilding the top branches of the 
trees. 

They reached Hagrids cabin and knocked. He was a 
minute in answering, and when he did, he looked all 
around for his visitor, palefaced and trembling. 

Its us, Harry hissed. Were wearing the Invisibility 
Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off. 

Yeh shouldnve come! Hagrid whispered, but he 
stood back, and they stepped inside. Hagrid shut the 
door quickly and Harry pulled off the cloak. 

  364 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hagrid was not crying, nor did he throw himself upon 
their necks. He looked like a man who did not know 
where he was or what to do. This helplessness was 
worse to watch than tears. 

Wan some tea? he said. His great hands were 
shaking as he reached for the kettle. 

Wheres Buckbeak, Hagrid? said Hermione 
hesitantly. 

I  I took him outside, said Hagrid, spilling milk all 
over the table as he filled up the jug. Hes tethered in 
me pumpkin patch. Thought he oughta see the trees 
an  an smell fresh air  before   

Hagrid s hand trembled so violently that the milk jug 
slipped from his grasp and shattered all over the 
floor. 

Ill do it, Hagrid, said Hermione quickly, hurrying 
over and starting to clean up the mess. 

Theres another one in the cupboard, Hagrid said, 
sitting down and wiping his forehead on his sleeve. 
Harry glanced at Ron, who looked back hopelessly. 

Isnt there anything anyone can do, Hagrid? Harry 
asked fiercely, sitting down next to him. Dumbledore 



Hes tried, said Hagrid. Hes got no power ter 
overrule the Committee. He told em Buckbeaks all 
right, but theyre scared. ... Yeh know what Lucius 
Malfoys like ... threatened em, I expect ... an the 
executioner, Macnair, hes an old pal o Malfoys ... 
but itll be quick an clean ... an Ill be beside him. ... 



  365 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hagrid swallowed. His eyes were darting all over the 
cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or 
comfort. 

Dumbledore s gonna come down while it  while it 
happens. Wrote me this mornin. Said he wants ter  
ter be with me. Great man, Dumbledore. ... 

Hermione, who had been rummaging in Hagrid s 
cupboard for another milk jug, let out a small, quickly 
stifled sob. She straightened up with the new jug in 
her hands, fighting back tears. 

Well stay with you too, Hagrid, she began, but 
Hagrid shook his shaggy head. 

Yehre ter go back up ter the castle. I told yeh, I don 
wan yeh watchin. An yeh shouldn be down here 
anyway. ... If Fudge an Dumbledore catch yeh out 
without permission, Harry, yehll be in big trouble. 

Silent tears were now streaming down Hermione s 
face, but she hid them from Hagrid, bustling around 
making tea. Then, as she picked up the milk bottle to 
pour some into the jug, she let out a shriek. 

Ron! I  I dont believe it  its Scabbersl 

Ron gaped at her. 

What are you talking about? 

Hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and 
turned it upside down. With a frantic squeak, and 
much scrambling to get back inside, Scabbers the rat 
came sliding out onto the table. 

Scabbers! said Ron blankly. Scabbers, what are 
you doing here? 

  366 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the 
light. Scabbers looked dreadful. He was thinner than 
ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide 
bald patches, and he writhed in Rons hands as 
though desperate to free himself. 

Its okay, Scabbers! said Ron. No cats! Theres 
nothing here to hurt you! 

Hagrid suddenly stood up, his eyes fixed on the 
window. His normally ruddy face had gone the color 
of parchment. 

Theyre cornin. ... 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione whipped around. A group 
of men was walking down the distant castle steps. In 
front was Albus Dumbledore, his silver beard 
gleaming in the dying sun. Next to him trotted 
Cornelius Fudge. Behind them came the feeble old 
Committee member and the executioner, Macnair. 

Yeh gotta go, said Hagrid. Every inch of him was 
trembling. They mustn find yeh here. ... Go now. ... 

Ron stuffed Scabbers into his pocket and Hermione 
picked up the cloak. 

Ill let yeh out the back way, said Hagrid. 

They followed him to the door into his back garden. 
Harry felt strangely unreal, and even more so when 
he saw Buckbeak a few yards away, tethered to a tree 
behind Hagrids pumpkin patch. Buckbeak seemed to 
know something was happening. He turned his sharp 
head from side to side and pawed the ground 
nervously. 



  367 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Its okay, Beaky, said Hagrid softly. Its okay ... He 
turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Go on, he 
said. Get goin. 

But they didnt move. 

Hagrid, we cant   

Well tell them what really happened   

They cant kill him   

Go! said Hagrid fiercely. Its bad enough without 
you lot in trouble an all! 

They had no choice. As Hermione threw the cloak 
over Harry and Ron, they heard voices at the front of 
the cabin. Hagrid looked at the place where they had 
just vanished from sight. 

Go quick, he said hoarsely. Don listen. ... 

And he strode back into his cabin as someone 
knocked at the front door. 

Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione set off silently around Hagrids house. As 
they reached the other side, the front door closed with 
a sharp snap. 

Please, lets hurry, Hermione whispered. I cant 
stand it, I cant bear it. ... 

They started up the sloping lawn toward the castle. 
The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to 
a clear, purpletinged grey, but to the west there was 
a rubyred glow. 

Ron stopped dead. 

  368 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Oh, please, Ron, Hermione began. 

Its Scabbers  he wont  stay put   

Ron was bent over, trying to keep Scabbers in his 
pocket, but the rat was going berserk; squeaking 
madly, twisting and flailing, trying to sink his teeth 
into Rons hand. 

Scabbers, its me, you idiot, its Ron, Ron hissed. 

They heard a door open behind them and mens 
voices. 

Oh, Ron, please lets move, theyre going to do it! 
Hermione breathed. 

Okay  Scabbers, stay put   

They walked forward; Harry, like Hermione, was 
trying not to listen to the rumble of voices behind 
them. Ron stopped again. 

I cant hold him  Scabbers, shut up, everyonell 
hear us   

The rat was squealing wildly, but not loudly enough 
to cover up the sounds drifting from Hagrids garden. 
There was a jumble of indistinct male voices, a 
silence, and then, without warning, the unmistakable 
swish and thud of an axe. 

Hermione swayed on the spot. 

They did it! she whispered to Harry. I d  dont 
believe it  they did it! 



  369 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






CAT, RAT, AND DOG 



Harrys mind had gone blank with shock. The three of 
them stood transfixed with horror under the 
Invisibility Cloak. The very last rays of the setting sun 
were casting a bloody light over the longshadowed 
grounds. Then, behind them, they heard a wild 
howling. 

Hagrid, Harry muttered. Without thinking about 
what he was doing, he made to turn back, but both 
Ron and Hermione seized his arms. 

We cant, said Ron, who was paperwhite. Hell be 
in worse trouble if they know weve been to see him. 



Hermione s breathing was shallow and uneven. 

How  could  they? she choked. How could 
they? 

Come on, said Ron, whose teeth seemed to be 
chattering. 

  370 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



They set off back toward the castle, walking slowly to 
keep themselves hidden under the cloak. The light 
was fading fast now. By the time they reached open 
ground, darkness was settling like a spell around 
them. 

Scabbers, keep still, Ron hissed, clamping his hand 
over his chest. The rat was wriggling madly. Ron 
came to a sudden halt, trying to force Scabbers 
deeper into his pocket. Whats the matter with you, 
you stupid rat? Stay still  OUCH! He bit me! 

Ron, be quiet! Hermione whispered urgently. 
Fudgell be out here in a minute   

He wont  stay  put   

Scabbers was plainly terrified. He was writhing with 
all his might, trying to break free of Rons grip. 

Whats the matter with him? 

But Harry had just seen  slinking toward them, his 
body low to the ground, wide yellow eyes glinting 
eerily in the darkness  Crookshanks. Whether he 
could see them or was following the sound of 
Scabberss squeaks, Harry couldnt tell. 

Crookshanks! Hermione moaned. No, go away, 
Crookshanks! Go away! 

But the cat was getting nearer  

Scabbers  NO! 

Too late  the rat had slipped between Rons 
clutching fingers, hit the ground, and scampered 
away. In one bound, Crookshanks sprang after him, 
and before Harry or Hermione could stop him, Ron 

  371 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




had thrown the Invisibility Cloak off himself and 
pelted away into the darkness. 



Ron\ Hermione moaned. 

She and Harry looked at each other, then followed at 
a sprint; it was impossible to run full out under the 
cloak; they pulled it off and it streamed behind them 
like a banner as they hurtled after Ron; they could 
hear his feet thundering along ahead and his shouts 
at Crookshanks. 

Get away from him  get away  Scabbers, come 
here   

There was a loud thud. 

Gotchal Get off, you stinking cat   

Harry and Hermione almost fell over Ron; they 
skidded to a stop right in front of him. He was 
sprawled on the ground, but Scabbers was back in 
his pocket; he had both hands held tight over the 
quivering lump. 

Ron  come on  back under the cloak   

Hermione panted. Dumbledore  the Minister  
theyll be coming back out in a minute   

But before they could cover themselves again, before 
they could even catch their breath, they heard the 
soft pounding of gigantic paws. ... Something was 
bounding toward them, quiet as a shadow  an 
enormous, paleeyed, jetblack dog. 

Harry reached for his wand, but too late  the dog 
had made an enormous leap and the front paws hit 
him on the chest; he keeled over backward in a whirl 
of hair; he felt its hot breath, saw inchlong teeth  

  372 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But the force of its leap had carried it too far; it rolled 
off him. Dazed, feeling as though his ribs were 
broken, Harry tried to stand up; he could hear it 
growling as it skidded around for a new attack. 

Ron was on his feet. As the dog sprang back toward 
them he pushed Harry aside; the dogs jaws fastened 
instead around Rons outstretched arm. Harry lunged 
forward, he seized a handful of the brutes hair, but it 
was dragging Ron away as easily as though he were a 
rag doll  

Then, out of nowhere, something hit Harry so hard 
across the face he was knocked off his feet again. He 
heard Hermione shriek with pain and fall too. 

Harry groped for his wand, blinking blood out of his 
eyes  

Lumos\ he whispered. 

The wandlight showed him the trunk of a thick tree; 
they had chased Scabbers into the shadow of the 
Whomping Willow and its branches were creaking as 
though in a high wind, whipping backward and 
forward to stop them going nearer. 

And there, at the base of the trunk, was the dog, 
dragging Ron backward into a large gap in the roots 
 Ron was fighting furiously, but his head and torso 
were slipping out of sight  

Ron! Harry shouted, trying to follow, but a heavy 
branch whipped lethally through the air and he was 
forced backward again. 

All they could see now was one of Rons legs, which 
he had hooked around a root in an effort to stop the 
dog from pulling him farther underground  but a 

  373 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




horrible crack cut the air like a gunshot; Rons leg 
had broken, and a moment later, his foot vanished 
from sight. 

Harry  weve got to go for help   Hermione 
gasped; she was bleeding too; the Willow had cut her 
across the shoulder. 

No! That things big enough to eat him; we havent 
got time   

Harry  were never going to get through without 
help   

Another branch whipped down at them, twigs 
clenched like knuckles. 

If that dog can get in, we can, Harry panted, darting 
here and there, trying to find a way through the 
vicious, swishing branches, but he couldnt get an 
inch nearer to the tree roots without being in range of 
the trees blows. 

Oh, help, help, Hermione whispered frantically, 
dancing uncertainly on the spot, please ... 

Crookshanks darted forward. He slithered between 
the battering branches like a snake and placed his 
front paws upon a knot on the trunk. 

Abruptly, as though the tree had been turned to 
marble, it stopped moving. Not a leaf twitched or 
shook. 

Crookshanks! Hermione whispered uncertainly. She 
now grasped Harrys arm painfully hard. How did he 
know  ? 



  374 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hes friends with that dog, said Harry grimly. Ive 
seen them together. Come on  and keep your wand 
out   

They covered the distance to the trunk in seconds, 
but before they had reached the gap in the roots, 
Crookshanks had slid into it with a flick of his 
bottlebrush tail. Harry went next; he crawled forward, 
headfirst, and slid down an earthy slope to the 
bottom of a very low tunnel. Crookshanks was a little 
way along, his eyes flashing in the light from Harrys 
wand. Seconds later, Hermione slithered down beside 
him. 

Wheres Ron? she whispered in a terrified voice. 

This way, said Harry, setting off, bentbacked, after 
Crookshanks. 

Where does this tunnel come out? Hermione asked 
breathlessly from behind him. 

I dont know. ... Its marked on the Marauders Map 
but Fred and George said no ones ever gotten into it. 
...It goes off the edge of the map, but it looked like it 
was heading for Hogsmeade. ... 

They moved as fast as they could, bent almost double; 
ahead of them, Crookshanks s tail bobbed in and out 
of view. On and on went the passage; it felt at least as 
long as the one to Honeydukes. ... All Harry could 
think of was Ron and what the enormous dog might 
be doing to him. ... He was drawing breath in sharp, 
painful gasps, running at a crouch. ... 

And then the tunnel began to rise; moments later it 
twisted, and Crookshanks had gone. Instead, Harry 
could see a patch of dim light through a small 
opening. 

  375 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He and Hermione paused, gasping for breath, edging 
forward. Both raised their wands to see what lay 
beyond. 

It was a room, a very disordered, dusty room. Paper 
was peeling from the walls; there were stains all over 
the floor; every piece of furniture was broken as 
though somebody had smashed it. The windows were 
all boarded up. 

Harry glanced at Hermione, who looked very 
frightened but nodded. 

Harry pulled himself out of the hole, staring around. 
The room was deserted, but a door to their right stood 
open, leading to a shadowy hallway. Hermione 
suddenly grabbed Harrys arm again. Her wide eyes 
were traveling around the boarded windows. 

Harry, she whispered, I think were in the Shrieking 
Shack. 

Harry looked around. His eyes fell on a wooden chair 
near them. Large chunks had been torn out of it; one 
of the legs had been ripped off entirely. 

Ghosts didnt do that, he said slowly. 

At that moment, there was a creak overhead. 
Something had moved upstairs. Both of them looked 
up at the ceiling. Hermione s grip on Harrys arm was 
so tight he was losing feeling in his fingers. He raised 
his eyebrows at her; she nodded again and let go. 

Quietly as they could, they crept out into the hall and 
up the crumbling staircase. Everything was covered 
in a thick layer of dust except the floor, where a wide 
shiny stripe had been made by something being 
dragged upstairs. 

  376 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




They reached the dark landing. 



Nox, they whispered together, and the lights at the 
end of their wands went out. Only one door was open. 
As they crept toward it, they heard movement from 
behind it; a low moan, and then a deep, loud purring. 
They exchanged a last look, a last nod. 

Wand held tightly before him, Harry kicked the door 
wide open. 

On a magnificent fourposter bed with dusty hangings 
lay Crookshanks, purring loudly at the sight of them. 
On the floor beside him, clutching his leg, which 
stuck out at a strange angle, was Ron. 

Harry and Hermione dashed across to him. 

Ron  are you okay? 

Wheres the dog? 

Not a dog, Ron moaned. His teeth were gritted with 
pain. Harry, its a trap   

What   

Hes the dog ... hes an Animagus. ... 

Ron was staring over Harrys shoulder. Harry wheeled 
around. With a snap, the man in the shadows closed 
the door behind them. 

A mass of filthy, matted hair hung to his elbows. If 
eyes hadnt been shining out of the deep, dark 
sockets, he might have been a corpse. The waxy skin 
was stretched so tightly over the bones of his face, it 
looked like a skull. His yellow teeth were bared in a 
grin. It was Sirius Black. 

  377 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




 ExpelliarmusV he croaked, pointing Rons wand at 
them. 

Harrys and Hermiones wands shot out of their 
hands, high in the air, and Black caught them. Then 
he took a step closer. His eyes were fixed on Harry. 

I thought youd come and help your friend, he said 
hoarsely. His voice sounded as though he had long 
since lost the habit of using it. Your father would 
have done the same for me. Brave of you, not to run 
for a teacher. Im grateful ... it will make everything 
much easier. ... 

The taunt about his father rang in Harrys ears as 
though Black had bellowed it. A boiling hate erupted 
in Harrys chest, leaving no place for fear. For the first 
time in his life, he wanted his wand back in his hand, 
not to defend himself, but to attack ... to kill. Without 
knowing what he was doing, he started forward, but 
there was a sudden movement on either side of him 
and two pairs of hands grabbed him and held him 
back. ... No, Harry! Hermione gasped in a petrified 
whisper; Ron, however, spoke to Black. 

If you want to kill Harry, youll have to kill us too! 
he said fiercely, though the effort of standing upright 
was draining him of still more color, and he swayed 
slightly as he spoke. 

Something flickered in Blacks shadowed eyes. 

Lie down, he said quietly to Ron. You will damage 
that leg even more. 

Did you hear me? Ron said weakly, though he was 
clinging painfully to Harry to stay upright. Youll 
have to kill all three of us! 



  378 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Therell be only one murder here tonight, said Black, 
and his grin widened. 



Whys that? Harry spat, trying to wrench himself 
free of Ron and Hermione. Didnt care last time, did 
you? Didnt mind slaughtering all those Muggles to 
get at Pettigrew. ... Whats the matter, gone soft in 
Azkaban? 

Harry! Hermione whimpered. Be quiet! 

HE KILLED MY MUM AND DAD! Harry roared, and 
with a huge effort he broke free of Hermione s and 
Rons restraint and lunged forward  

He had forgotten about magic  he had forgotten that 
he was short and skinny and thirteen, whereas Black 
was a tall, fullgrown man  all Harry knew was that 
he wanted to hurt Black as badly as he could and 
that he didnt care how much he got hurt in return  

Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doing something so 
stupid, but Black didnt raise the wands in time  
one of Harrys hands fastened over his wasted wrist, 
forcing the wand tips away; the knuckles of Harrys 
other hand collided with the side of Blacks head and 
they fell, backward, into the wall  

Hermione was screaming; Ron was yelling; there was 
a blinding flash as the wands in Blacks hand sent a 
jet of sparks into the air that missed Harrys face by 
inches; Harry felt the shrunken arm under his fingers 
twisting madly, but he clung on, his other hand 
punching every part of Black it could find. 

But Blacks free hand had found Harrys throat  

No, he hissed, Ive waited too long   

  379 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The fingers tightened, Harry choked, his glasses 
askew. 

Then he saw Hermione s foot swing out of nowhere. 
Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain; Ron had 
thrown himself on Blacks wand hand and Harry 
heard a faint clatter  

He fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw his own 
wand rolling across the floor; he threw himself toward 
it but  

Argh! 

Crookshanks had joined the fray; both sets of front 
claws had sunk themselves deep into Harrys arm; 
Harry threw him off, but Crookshanks now darted 
toward Harrys wand  

NO YOU DONT! roared Harry, and he aimed a kick 
at Crookshanks that made the cat leap aside, 
spitting; Harry snatched up his wand and turned  

Get out of the way! he shouted at Ron and 
Hermione. 

They didnt need telling twice. Hermione, gasping for 
breath, her lip bleeding, scrambled aside, snatching 
up her and Rons wands. Ron crawled to the four 
poster and collapsed onto it, panting, his white face 
now tinged with green, both hands clutching his 
broken leg. 

Black was sprawled at the bottom of the wall. His thin 
chest rose and fell rapidly as he watched Harry 
walking slowly nearer, his wand pointing straight at 
Blacks heart. 

Going to kill me, Harry? he whispered. 

  380 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry stopped right above him, his wand still pointing 
at Blacks chest, looking down at him. A livid bruise 
was rising around Blacks left eye and his nose was 
bleeding. 

You killed my parents, said Harry, his voice shaking 
slightly, but his wand hand quite steady. 

Black stared up at him out of those sunken eyes. 

I dont deny it, he said very quietly. But if you knew 
the whole story. 

The whole story? Harry repeated, a furious 
pounding in his ears. You sold them to Voldemort. 
Thats all I need to know. 

Youve got to listen to me, Black said, and there was 
a note of urgency in his voice now. Youll regret it if 
you dont. ... You dont understand. ... 

I understand a lot better than you think, said Harry, 
and his voice shook more than ever. You never heard 
her, did you? My mum ... trying to stop Voldemort 
killing me ... and you did that ... you did it. ... 

Before either of them could say another word, 
something ginger streaked past Harry; Crookshanks 
leapt onto Blacks chest and settled himself there, 
right over Blacks heart. Black blinked and looked 
down at the cat. 

Get off, he murmured, trying to push Crookshanks 
off him. 

But Crookshanks sank his claws into Blacks robes 
and wouldnt shift. He turned his ugly, squashed face 
to Harry and looked up at him with those great yellow 
eyes. To his right, Hermione gave a dry sob. 

  381 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry stared down at Black and Crookshanks, his 
grip tightening on the wand. So what if he had to kill 
the cat too? It was in league with Black. ... If it was 
prepared to die, trying to protect Black, that wasnt 
Harrys business. ... If Black wanted to save it, that 
only proved he cared more for Crookshanks than for 
Harrys parents. ... 

Harry raised the wand. Now was the moment to do it. 
Now was the moment to avenge his mother and 
father. He was going to kill Black. He had to kill 
Black. This was his chance. ... 

The seconds lengthened. And still Harry stood frozen 
there, wand poised, Black staring up at him, 
Crookshanks on his chest. Rons ragged breathing 
came from near the bed; Hermione was quite silent. 

And then came a new sound  

Muffled footsteps were echoing up through the floor 
 someone was moving downstairs. 

WERE UP HERE! Hermione screamed suddenly. 
WERE UP HERE  SIRIUS BLACK  QUICK! 

Black made a startled movement that almost 
dislodged Crookshanks; Harry gripped his wand 
convulsively  Do it nouA said a voice in his head  
but the footsteps were thundering up the stairs and 
Harry still hadnt done it. 

The door of the room burst open in a shower of red 
sparks and Harry wheeled around as Professor Lupin 
came hurtling into the room, his face bloodless, his 
wand raised and ready. His eyes flickered over Ron, 
lying on the floor, over Hermione, cowering next to the 
door, to Harry, standing there with his wand covering 



  382 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Black, and then to Black himself, crumpled and 
bleeding at Harrys feet. 

 ExpelliarmusV Lupin shouted. 

Harrys wand flew once more out of his hand; so did 
the two Hermione was holding. Lupin caught them all 
deftly, then moved into the room, staring at Black, 
who still had Crookshanks lying protectively across 
his chest. 

Harry stood there, feeling suddenly empty. He hadnt 
done it. His nerve had failed him. Black was going to 
be handed back to the dementors. 

Then Lupin spoke, in a very tense voice. 

Where is he, Sirius? 

Harry looked quickly at Lupin. He didnt understand 
what Lupin meant. Who was Lupin talking about? He 
turned to look at Black again. 

Blacks face was quite expressionless. For a few 
seconds, he didnt move at all. Then, very slowly, he 
raised his empty hand and pointed straight at Ron. 
Mystified, Harry glanced around at Ron, who looked 
bewildered. 

But then ... , Lupin muttered, staring at Black so 
intently it seemed he was trying to read his mind, "... 
why hasnt he shown himself before now? Unless  
Lupins eyes suddenly widened, as though he was 
seeing something beyond Black, something none of 
the rest could see,   unless he was the one ... 
unless you switched . . . without telling me? 

Very slowly, his sunken gaze never leaving Lupins 
face, Black nodded. 

  383 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Professor, Harry interrupted loudly, whats going 
on  ? 

But he never finished the question, because what he 
saw made his voice die in his throat. Lupin was 
lowering his wand, gazing fixedly at Black. The 
Professor walked to Blacks side, seized his hand, 
pulled him to his feet so that Crookshanks fell to the 
floor, and embraced Black like a brother. 

Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of 
his stomach. 

I DONT BELIEVE IT! Hermione screamed. 

Lupin let go of Black and turned to her. She had 
raised herself off the floor and was pointing at Lupin, 
wildeyed. You  you   

Hermione   

  you and him! 

Hermione, calm down   

I didnt tell anyone! Hermione shrieked. Ive been 
covering up for you   

Hermione, listen to me, please! Lupin shouted. I 
can explain   

Harry could feel himself shaking, not with fear, but 
with a fresh wave of fury. 

I trusted you, he shouted at Lupin, his voice 
wavering out of control, and all the time youve been 
his friend! 



  384 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Youre wrong, said Lupin. I havent been Siriuss 
friend, but I am now  Let me explain. ... 

NO! Hermione screamed. Harry, dont trust him, 
hes been helping Black get into the castle, he wants 
you dead too  hes a werewolf. 

There was a ringing silence. Everyones eyes were now 
on Lupin, who looked remarkably calm, though rather 
pale. 

Not at all up to your usual standard, Hermione, he 
said. Only one out of three, Im afraid. I have not 
been helping Sirius get into the castle and I certainly 
dont want Harry dead. ... An odd shiver passed over 
his face. But I wont deny that I am a werewolf. 

Ron made a valiant effort to get up again but fell back 
with a whimper of pain. Lupin made toward him, 
looking concerned, but Ron gasped, 

Get away from me, werewolf 

Lupin stopped dead. Then, with an obvious effort, he 
turned to Hermione and said, How long have you 
known? 

Ages, Hermione whispered. Since I did Professor 
Snapes essay. ... 

Hell be delighted, said Lupin coolly. He assigned 
that essay hoping someone would realize what my 
symptoms meant. ... Did you check the lunar chart 
and realize that I was always ill at the full moon? Or 
did you realize that the boggart changed into the 
moon when it saw me? 

Both, Hermione said quietly. 



  385 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Lupin forced a laugh. 

Youre the cleverest witch of your age Ive ever met, 
Hermione. 

Im not, Hermione whispered. If Id been a bit 
cleverer, Id have told everyone what you are! 

But they already know, said Lupin. At least, the 
staff do. 

Dumbledore hired you when he knew you were a 
werewolf? Ron gasped. Is he mad? 

Some of the staff thought so, said Lupin. He had to 
work very hard to convince certain teachers that Im 
trustworthy   

AND HE WAS WRONG! Harry yelled. YOU VE BEEN 
HELPING HIM ALL THE TIME! He was pointing at 
Black, who suddenly crossed to the fourposter bed 
and sank onto it, his face hidden in one shaking 
hand. Crookshanks leapt up beside him and stepped 
onto his lap, purring. Ron edged away from both of 
them, dragging his leg. 

I have not been helping Sirius, said Lupin. If youll 
give me a chance, Ill explain. Look   

He separated Harrys, Rons and Hermiones wands 
and threw each back to its owner; Harry caught his, 
stunned. 

There, said Lupin, sticking his own wand back into 
his belt. Youre armed, were not. Now will you 
listen? 

Harry didnt know what to think. Was it a trick? 



  386 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




If you havent been helping him, he said, with a 
furious glance at Black, how did you know he was 
here? 



The map, said Lupin. The Marauders Map. I was in 
my office examining it   

You know how to work it? Harry said suspiciously. 

Of course I know how to work it, said Lupin, waving 
his hand impatiently. I helped write it. Im Moony  
that was my friends nickname for me at school. 

You wrote  ? 

The important thing is, I was watching it carefully 
this evening, because I had an idea that you, Ron, 
and Hermione might try and sneak out of the castle to 
visit Hagrid before his hippogriff was executed. And I 
was right, wasnt I? 

He had started to pace up and down, looking at them. 
Little patches of dust rose at his feet. 

You might have been wearing your fathers old cloak, 
Harry   

How dyou know about the cloak? 

The number of times I saw James disappearing 
under it... , said Lupin, waving an impatient hand 
again. The point is, even if youre wearing an 
Invisibility Cloak, you still show up on the Marauders 
Map. I watched you cross the grounds and enter 
Hagrids hut. Twenty minutes later, you left Hagrid, 
and set off back toward the castle. But you were now 
accompanied by somebody else. 

What? said Harry. No, we werent! 

  387 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I couldnt believe my eyes, said Lupin, still pacing, 
and ignoring Harrys interruption. I thought the map 
must be malfunctioning. How could he be with you? 

No one was with us! said Harry. 

And then I saw another dot, moving fast toward you, 
labeled Sirius Black. ... I saw him collide with you; I 
watched as he pulled two of you into the Whomping 
Willow   

One of us! Ron said angrily. 

No, Ron, said Lupin. Two of you. 

He had stopped his pacing, his eyes moving over Ron. 

Do you think I could have a look at the rat? he said 
evenly. 

What? said Ron. Whats Scabbers got to do with 
it? 



Everything, said Lupin. Could I see him, please? 

Ron hesitated, then put a hand inside his robes. 
Scabbers emerged, thrashing desperately; Ron had to 
seize his long bald tail to stop him escaping. 
Crookshanks stood up on Blacks leg and made a soft 
hissing noise. 

Lupin moved closer to Ron. He seemed to be holding 
his breath as he gazed intently at Scabbers. 

What? Ron said again, holding Scabbers close to 
him, looking scared. Whats my rat got to do with 
anything? 

Thats not a rat, croaked Sirius Black suddenly. 

  388 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




What dyou mean  of course hes a rat   

No, hes not, said Lupin quietly. Hes a wizard. 

An Animagus, said Black, by the name of Peter 
Pettigrew. 



  389 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






MOONY, WORMTAIL, PADFOOT, AND 

PRONGS 

It took a few seconds for the absurdity of this 
statement to sink in. Then Ron voiced what Harry 
was thinking. 

Youre both mental. 

Ridiculous! said Hermione faintly. 

Peter Pettigrews dead! said Harry. He killed him 
twelve years ago! He pointed at Black, whose face 
twitched convulsively. 

I meant to, he growled, his yellow teeth bared, but 
little Peter got the better of me ... not this time, 
though! 

And Crookshanks was thrown to the floor as Black 
lunged at Scabbers; Ron yelled with pain as Blacks 
weight fell on his broken leg. 



  390 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Sirius, NO! Lupin yelled, launching himself forwards 
and dragging Black away from Ron again, WAIT! You 
cant do it just like that  they need to understand  
weve got to explain   

We can explain afterwards! snarled Black, trying to 
throw Lupin off. One hand was still clawing the air as 
it tried to reach Scabbers, who was squealing like a 
piglet, scratching Rons face and neck as he tried to 
escape. 

Theyve  got  a  right  to  know  
everything! Lupin panted, still trying to restrain 
Black. Rons kept him as a pet! There are parts of it 
even I dont understand! And Harry  you owe Harry 
the truth, Sirius! 

Black stopped struggling, though his hollowed eyes 
were still fixed on Scabbers, who was clamped tightly 
under Rons bitten, scratched, and bleeding hands. 

All right, then, Black said, without taking his eyes 
off the rat. Tell them whatever you like. But make it 
quick, Remus. I want to commit the murder I was 
imprisoned for. ... 

Youre nutters, both of you, said Ron shakily, 
looking round at Harry and Hermione for support. 

Ive had enough of this. Im off. 

He tried to heave himself up on his good leg, but 
Lupin raised his wand again, pointing it at Scabbers. 

Youre going to hear me out, Ron, he said quietly. 
Just keep a tight hold on Peter while you listen. 

HES NOT PETER, HES SCABBERS! Ron yelled, 
trying to force the rat back into his front pocket, but 
Scabbers was fighting too hard; Ron swayed and 

  391 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




overbalanced, and Harry caught him and pushed him 
back down to the bed. Then, ignoring Black, Harry 
turned to Lupin. 

There were witnesses who saw Pettigrew die, he 
said. A whole street full of them ... 

They didnt see what they thought they saw! said 
Black savagely, still watching Scabbers struggling in 
Rons hands. 

Everyone thought Sirius killed Peter, said Lupin, 
nodding. I believed it myself  until I saw the map 
tonight. Because the Marauders map never lies ... 
Peters alive. Rons holding him, Harry. 

Harry looked down at Ron, and as their eyes met, 
they agreed, silently: Black and Lupin were both out 
of their minds. Their story made no sense whatsoever. 
How could Scabbers be Peter Pettigrew? Azkaban 
must have unhinged Black after all  but why was 
Lupin playing along with him? 

Then Hermione spoke, in a trembling, wouldbe calm 
sort of voice, as though trying to will Professor Lupin 
to talk sensibly. 

But Professor Lupin ... Scabbers cant be Pettigrew 
... it just cant be true, you know it cant ... 

Why cant it be true? Lupin said calmly, as though 
they were in class, and Hermione had simply spotted 
a problem in an experiment with grindylows. 

Because . . . because people would know if Peter 
Pettigrew had been an Animagus. We did Animagi in 
class with Professor McGonagall. And I looked them 
up when I did my homework  the Ministry of Magic 
keeps tabs on witches and wizards who can become 
  392 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




animals; theres a register showing what animal they 
become, and their markings and things ... and I went 
and looked Professor McGonagall up on the register, 
and there have been only seven Animagi this century, 
and Pettigrews name wasnt on the list   

Harry had barely had time to marvel inwardly at the 
effort Hermione put into her homework, when Lupin 
started to laugh. Right again, Hermione! he said. 
But the Ministry never knew that there used to be 
three unregistered Animagi running around 
Hogwarts. 

If youre going to tell them the story, get a move on, 
Remus, snarled Black, who was still watching 
Scabberss every desperate move. Ive waited twelve 
years, Im not going to wait much longer. 

All right ... but youll need to help me, Sirius, said 
Lupin, I only know how it began ... 

Lupin broke off. There had been a loud creak behind 
him. The bedroom door had opened of its own accord. 
All five of them stared at it. Then Lupin strode toward 
it and looked out into the landing. 

No one there ... 

This place is haunted! said Ron. 

Its not, said Lupin, still looking at the door in a 
puzzled way. The Shrieking Shack was never 
haunted. ... The screams and howls the villagers used 
to hear were made by me. 

He pushed his graying hair out of his eyes, thought 
for a moment, then said, Thats where all of this 
starts  with my becoming a werewolf. None of this 



  393 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




could have happened if I hadnt been bitten ... and if I 
hadnt been so foolhardy. ... 

He looked sober and tired. Ron started to interrupt, 
but Hermione said, Shh! She was watching Lupin 
very intently. 

I was a very small boy when I received the bite. My 
parents tried everything, but in those days there was 
no cure. The potion that Professor Snape has been 
making for me is a very recent discovery. It makes me 
safe, you see. As long as I take it in the week 
preceding the full moon, I keep my mind when I 
transform. ... I am able to curl up in my office, a 
harmless wolf, and wait for the moon to wane again. 

Before the Wolfsbane Potion was discovered, 
however, I became a fully fledged monster once a 
month. It seemed impossible that I would be able to 
come to Hogwarts. Other parents werent likely to 
want their children exposed to me. 

But then Dumbledore became Headmaster, and he 
was sympathetic. He said that as long as we took 
certain precautions, there was no reason I shouldnt 
come to school. ... Lupin sighed, and looked directly 
at Harry. I told you, months ago, that the Whomping 
Willow was planted the year I came to Hogwarts. The 
truth is that it was planted because I came to 
Hogwarts. This house  Lupin looked miserably 
around the room,  the tunnel that leads to it  
they were built for my use. Once a month, I was 
smuggled out of the castle, into this place, to 
transform. The tree was placed at the tunnel mouth 
to stop anyone coming across me while I was 
dangerous. 

Harry couldnt see where this story was going, but he 
was listening raptly all the same. The only sound 

  394 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




apart from Lupins voice was Scabberss frightened 
squeaking. 



My transformations in those days were  were 
terrible. It is very painful to turn into a werewolf. I 
was separated from humans to bite, so I bit and 
scratched myself instead. The villagers heard the 
noise and the screaming and thought they were 
hearing particularly violent spirits. Dumbledore 
encouraged the rumor. . . . Even now, when the house 
has been silent for years, the villagers dont dare 
approach it. ... 

But apart from my transformations, I was happier 
than I had ever been in my life. For the first time ever, 
I had friends, three great friends. Sirius Black ... 

Peter Pettigrew ... and, of course, your father, Harry 
 James Potter. 

Now, my three friends could hardly fail to notice that 
I disappeared once a month. I made up all sorts of 
stories. I told them my mother was ill, and that I had 
to go home to see her. ... I was terrified they would 
desert me the moment they found out what I was. But 
of course, they, like you, Hermione, worked out the 
truth. ... 

And they didnt desert me at all. Instead, they did 
something for me that would make my 
transformations not only bearable, but the best times 
of my life. They became Animagi. 

My dad too? said Harry, astounded. 

Yes, indeed, said Lupin. It took them the best part 
of three years to work out how to do it. Your father 
and Sirius here were the cleverest students in the 
school, and lucky they were, because the Animagus 
transformation can go horribly wrong  one reason 
  395 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




the Ministry keeps a close watch on those attempting 
to do it. Peter needed all the help he could get from 
James and Sirius. Finally, in our fifth year, they 
managed it. They could each turn into a different 
animal at will. 

But how did that help you? said Hermione, 
sounding puzzled. 

They couldnt keep me company as humans, so they 
kept me company as animals, said Lupin. A 
werewolf is only a danger to people. They sneaked out 
of the castle every month under Jamess Invisibility 
Cloak. They transformed . . . Peter, as the smallest, 
could slip beneath the Willows attacking branches 
and touch the knot that freezes it. They would then 
slip down the tunnel and join me. Under their 
influence, I became less dangerous. My body was still 
wolfish, but my mind seemed to become less so while 
I was with them. 

Hurry up, Remus, snarled Black, who was still 
watching Scabbers with a horrible sort of hunger on 
his face. 

Im getting there, Sirius, Im getting there ... well, 
highly exciting possibilities were open to us now that 
we could all transform. Soon we were leaving the 
Shrieking Shack and roaming the school grounds and 
the village by night. Sirius and James transformed 
into such large animals, they were able to keep a 
werewolf in check. I doubt whether any Hogwarts 
students ever found out more about the Hogwarts 
grounds and Hogsmeade than we did. ... And thats 
how we came to write the Marauders Map, and sign it 
with our nicknames. Sirius is Padfoot. Peter is 
Wormtail. James was Prongs. 



  396 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




What sort of animal  ? Harry began, but Hermione 
cut him off. 

That was still really dangerous! Running around in 
the dark with a werewolf! What if youd given the 
others the slip, and bitten somebody? 

A thought that still haunts me, said Lupin heavily. 
And there were near misses, many of them. We 
laughed about them afterwards. We were young, 
thoughtless  carried away with our own cleverness. 

I sometimes felt guilty about betraying Dumbledores 
trust, of course ... he had admitted me to Hogwarts 
when no other headmaster would have done so, and 
he had no idea I was breaking the rules he had set 
down for my own and others safety. He never knew I 
had led three fellow students into becoming Animagi 
illegally. But I always managed to forget my guilty 
feelings every time we sat down to plan our next 
months adventure. And I havent changed ... 

Lupins face had hardened, and there was selfdisgust 
in his voice. All this year, I have been battling with 
myself, wondering whether I should tell Dumbledore 
that Sirius was an Animagus. But I didnt do it. Why? 
Because I was too cowardly. It would have meant 
admitting that Id betrayed his trust while I was at 
school, admitting that Id led others along with me ... 
and Dumbledores trust has meant everything to me. 
He let me into Hogwarts as a boy, and he gave me a 
job when I have been shunned all my adult life, 
unable to find paid work because of what I am. And 
so I convinced myself that Sirius was getting into the 
school using dark arts he learned from Voldemort, 
that being an Animagus had nothing to do with it . . . 
so, in a way, Snapes been right about me all along. 



  397 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Snape? said Black harshly, taking his eyes off 
Scabbers for the first time in minutes and looking up 
at Lupin. Whats Snape got to do with it? 

Hes here, Sirius, said Lupin heavily. Hes teaching 
here as well. He looked up at Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione. 

Professor Snape was at school with us. He fought 
very hard against my appointment to the Defense 
Against the Dark Arts job. He has been telling 
Dumbledore all year that I am not to be trusted. He 
has his reasons ... you see, Sirius here played a trick 
on him which nearly killed him, a trick which 
involved me   

Black made a derisive noise. 

It served him right, he sneered. Sneaking around, 
trying to find out what we were up to . . . hoping he 
could get us expelled. ... 

Severus was very interested in where I went every 
month. Lupin told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. We 
were in the same year, you know, and we  er  
didnt like each other very much. He especially 
disliked James. Jealous, I think, of Jamess talent on 
the Quidditch field . . . anyway Snape had seen me 
crossing the grounds with Madam Pomfrey one 
evening as she led me toward the Whomping Willow 
to transform. Sirius thought it would be  er  
amusing, to tell Snape all he had to do was prod the 
knot on the tree trunk with a long stick, and hed be 
able to get in after me. Well, of course, Snape tried it 
 if hed got as far as this house, hed have met a 
fully grown werewolf  but your father, whod heard 
what Sirius had done, went after Snape and pulled 
him back, at great risk to his life . . . Snape glimpsed 
me, though, at the end of the tunnel. He was 
  398 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




forbidden by Dumbledore to tell anybody, but from 
that time on he knew what I was. ... 

So thats why Snape doesnt like you, said Harry 
slowly, because he thought you were in on the joke? 

Thats right, sneered a cold voice from the wall 
behind Lupin. 

Severus Snape was pulling off the Invisibility Cloak, 
his wand pointing directly at Lupin. 



  399 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   








THE SERVANT OF LORD 
VOLDERMORT 

Hermione screamed. Black leapt to his feet. Harry felt 
as though hed received a huge electric shock. 

I found this at the base of the Whomping Willow, 
said Snape, throwing the cloak aside, careful to keep 
this wand pointing directly at Lupins chest. Very 
useful, Potter, I thank you. ... 

Snape was slightly breathless, but his face was full of 
suppressed triumph. Youre wondering, perhaps, 
how I knew you were here? he said, his eyes 
glittering. Ive just been to your office, Lupin. You 
forgot to take your potion tonight, so I took a gobletful 
along. And very lucky I did ... lucky for me, I mean. 
Lying on your desk was a certain map. One glance at 
it told me all I needed to know. I saw you running 
along this passageway and out of sight. 

Severus   Lupin began, but Snape overrode him. 



  400 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



Ive told the headmaster again and again that youre 
helping your old friend Black into the castle, Lupin, 
and heres the proof. Not even I dreamed you would 
have the nerve to use this old place as your hideout 



Severus, youre making a mistake, said Lupin 
urgently. You havent heard everything  I can 
explain  Sirius is not here to kill Harry   

Two more for Azkaban tonight, said Snape, his eyes 
now gleaming fanatically. I shall be interested to see 
how Dumbledore takes this. ... He was quite 
convinced you were harmless, you know, Lupin ... a 
tame werewolf   

You fool, said Lupin softly. Is a schoolboy grudge 
worth putting an innocent man back inside 
Azkaban? 

BANG! Thin, snakelike cords burst from the end of 
Snapes wand and twisted themselves around Lupins 
mouth, wrists, and ankles; he overbalanced and fell 
to the floor, unable to move. With a roar of rage, 

Black started toward Snape, but Snape pointed his 
wand straight between Blacks eyes. 

Give me a reason, he whispered. Give me a reason 
to do it, and I swear I will. 

Black stopped dead. It would have been impossible to 
say which face showed more hatred. 

Harry stood there, paralyzed, not knowing what to do 
or whom to believe. He glanced around at Ron and 
Hermione. Ron looked just as confused as he did, still 
fighting to keep hold on the struggling Scabbers. 
Hermione, however, took an uncertain step toward 
Snape and said, in a very breathless voice, Professor 
  401 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Snape  it  it wouldnt hurt to hear what theyve 
got to say, w  would it? 

Miss Granger, you are already facing suspension 
from this school, Snape spat. You, Potter, and 
Weasley are outofbounds, in the company of a 
convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your 
life, hold your tongue. 

But if  if there was a mistake   

KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL! Snape shouted, 
looking suddenly quite deranged. DONT TALK 
ABOUT WHAT YOU DONT UNDERSTAND! A few 
sparks shot out of the end of his wand, which was 
still pointed at Blacks face. Hermione fell silent. 

Vengeance is very sweet, Snape breathed at Black. 
How I hoped I would be the one to catch you. ... 

The jokes on you again, Severus, Black snarled. As 
long as this boy brings his rat up to the castle  he 
jerked his head at Ron  Ill come quietly. ... 

Up to the castle? said Snape silkily. I dont think 
we need to go that far. All I have to do is call the 
dementors once we get out of the Willow. Theyll be 
very pleased to see you, Black ... pleased enough to 
give you a little kiss, I daresay. ... 

What little color there was in Blacks face left it. 

You  youve got to hear me out, he croaked. The 
rat  look at the rat   

But there was a mad glint in Snape s eyes that Harry 
had never seen before. He seemed beyond reason. 



  402 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Come on, all of you, he said. He clicked his fingers, 
and the ends of the cords that bound Lupin flew to 
his hands. Ill drag the werewolf. Perhaps the 
dementors will have a kiss for him too   

Before he knew what he was doing, Harry had crossed 
the room in three strides and blocked the door. 

Get out of the way, Potter, youre in enough trouble 
already, snarled Snape. If I hadnt been here to save 
your skin   

Professor Lupin could have killed me about a 
hundred times this year, Harry said. Ive been alone 
with him loads of times, having defense lessons 
against the dementors. If he was helping Black, why 
didnt he just finish me off then? 

Dont ask me to fathom the way a werewolfs mind 
works, hissed Snape. Get out of the way, Potter. 

YOURE PATHETIC! Harry yelled. JUST BECAUSE 
THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SCHOOL YOU 
WONT EVEN LISTEN   

SILENCE! I WILL NOT BE SPOKEN TO LIKE THAT! 
Snape shrieked, looking madder than ever. Like 
father, like son, Potter! I have just saved your neck; 
you should be thanking me on bended knee! You 
would have been well served if hed killed you! Youd 
have died like your father, too arrogant to believe you 
might be mistaken in Black  now get out of the way, 
or I will make you. GET OUT OF THE WAY, POTTER! 

Harry made up his mind in a split second. Before 
Snape could take even one step toward him, he had 
raised his wand. 



  403 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




 Expelliarmus\ he yelled  except that his wasnt the 
only voice that shouted. There was a blast that made 
the door rattle on its hinges; Snape was lifted off his 
feet and slammed into the wall, then slid down it to 
the floor, a trickle of blood oozing from under his hair. 
He had been knocked out. 

Harry looked around. Both Ron and Hermione had 
tried to disarm Snape at exactly the same moment. 
Snape s wand soared in a high arc and landed on the 
bed next to Crookshanks. 

You shouldnt have done that, said Black, looking at 
Harry. You should have left him to me. ... 

Harry avoided Blacks eyes. He wasnt sure, even now, 
that hed done the right thing. 

We attacked a teacher. ... We attacked a teacher ... , 
Hermione whimpered, staring at the lifeless Snape 
with frightened eyes. Oh, were going to be in so 
much trouble   

Lupin was struggling against his bonds. Black bent 
down quickly and untied him. Lupin straightened up, 
rubbing his arms where the ropes had cut into them. 

Thank you, Harry, he said. 

Im still not saying I believe you, he told Lupin. 

Then its time we offered you some proof, said 
Lupin. You, boy  give me Peter, please. Now. 

Ron clutched Scabbers closer to his chest. 

Come off it, he said weakly. Are you trying to say 
he broke out of Azkaban just to get his hands on 
Scabbers ? I mean ... He looked up at Harry and 

  404 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione for support, Okay, say Pettigrew could 
turn into a rat  there are millions of rats  hows he 
supposed to know which one hes after if he was 
locked up in Azkaban? 

You know, Sirius, thats a fair question, said Lupin, 
turning to Black and frowning slightly. How did you 
find out where he was? 

Black put one of his clawlike hands inside his robes 
and took out a crumpled piece of paper, which he 
smoothed flat and held out to show the others. 

It was the photograph of Ron and his family that had 
appeared in the Daily Prophet the previous summer, 
and there, on Rons shoulder, was Scabbers. 

How did you get this? Lupin asked Black, 
thunderstruck. 

Fudge, said Black. When he came to inspect 
Azkaban last year, he gave me his paper. And there 
was Peter, on the front  ... on this boys shoulder. 
... I knew him at once . . . how many times had I seen 
him transform? And the caption said the boy would 
be going back to Hogwarts ... to where Harry was. ... 

My God, said Lupin softly, staring from Scabbers to 
the picture in the paper and back again. His front 
paw ... 

What about it? said Ron defiantly. 

Hes got a toe missing, said Black. 

Of course, Lupin breathed. So simple ... so brilliant 
... he cut it off himself? 



  405 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Just before he transformed, said Black. When I 
cornered him, he yelled for the whole street to hear 
that Id betrayed Lily and James. Then, before I could 
curse him, he blew apart the street with the wand 
behind his back, killed everyone within twenty feet of 
himself  and sped down into the sewer with the 
other rats. ... 

Didnt you ever hear, Ron? said Lupin. The biggest 
bit of Peter they found was his finger. 

Look, Scabbers probably had a fight with another rat 
or something! Hes been in my family for ages, right  



Twelve years, in fact, said Lupin. Didnt you ever 
wonder why he was living so long? 

We  weve been taking good care of him! said Ron. 

Not looking too good at the moment, though, is he? 
said Lupin. Id guess hes been losing weight ever 
since he heard Sirius was on the loose again. ... 

Hes been scared of that mad cat! said Ron, nodding 
toward Crookshanks, who was still purring on the 
bed. 

But that wasnt right, Harry thought suddenly. ... 
Scabbers had been looking ill before he met 
Crookshanks . . . ever since Rons return from Egypt . . . 
since the time when Black had escaped. ... 

This cat isnt mad, said Black hoarsely. He reached 
out a bony hand and stroked Crookshanks s fluffy 
head. Hes the most intelligent of his kind Ive ever 
met. He recognized Peter for what he was right away. 
And when he met me, he knew I was no dog. It was a 
while before he trusted me. ... Finally, I managed to 
  406 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




communicate to him what I was after, and hes been 
helping me. ... 



What do you mean? breathed Hermione. 

He tried to bring Peter to me, but couldnt ... so he 
stole the passwords into Gryffindor Tower for me. ... 

As I understand it, he took them from a boys bedside 
table. ... 

Harrys brain seemed to be sagging under the weight 
of what he was hearing. It was absurd . . . and yet . . . 

But Peter got wind of what was going on and ran for 
it. ... croaked Black. This cat  Crookshanks, did 
you call him?  told me Peter had left blood on the 
sheets. ... I supposed he bit himself. ... Well, faking 
his own death had worked once. ... 

These words jolted Harry to his senses. 

And why did he fake his death? he said furiously. 
Because he knew you were about to kill him like you 
killed my parents! 

No, said Lupin, Harry   

And now youve come to finish him off! 

Yes, I have, said Black, with an evil look at 
Scabbers. 

Then I shouldve let Snape take you! Harry shouted. 

Harry, said Lupin hurriedly, dont you see? All this 
time weve thought Sirius betrayed your parents, and 
Peter tracked him down  but it was the other way 
around, dont you see? Peter betrayed your mother 
and father  Sirius tracked Peter down   

  407 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




THATS NOT TRUE! Harry yelled. HE WAS THEIR 
SECRETKEEPER! HE SAID SO BEFORE YOU 
TURNED UP. HE SAID HE KILLED THEM! 

He was pointing at Black, who shook his head slowly; 
the sunken eyes were suddenly overbright. 

Harry ... I as good as killed them, he croaked. I 
persuaded Lily and James to change to Peter at the 
last moment, persuaded them to use him as Secret 
Keeper instead of me. ... Im to blame, I know it. ... 
The night they died, Id arranged to check on Peter, 
make sure he was still safe, but when I arrived at his 
hiding place, hed gone. Yet there was no sign of a 
struggle. It didnt feel right. I was scared. I set out for 
your parents house straight away. And when I saw 
their house, destroyed, and their bodies ... I realized 
what Peter mustve done ... what Id done. ... 

His voice broke. He turned away. 

Enough of this, said Lupin, and there was a steely 
note in his voice Harry had never heard before. 
Theres one certain way to prove what really 
happened. Ron, give me that rat 

What are you going to do with him if I give him to 
you? Ron asked Lupin tensely. 

Force him to show himself, said Lupin. If he really 
is a rat, it wont hurt him. 

Ron hesitated. Then at long last, he held out 
Scabbers and Lupin took him. Scabbers began to 
squeak without stopping, twisting and turning, his 
tiny black eyes bulging in his head. 

Ready, Sirius? said Lupin. 



  408 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Black had already retrieved Snapes wand from the 
bed. He approached Lupin and the struggling rat, and 
his wet eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in his 
face. 

Together? he said quietly. 

I think so, said Lupin, holding Scabbers tightly in 
one hand and his wand in the other. On the count of 
three. One  two  THREE! 

A flash of bluewhite light erupted from both wands; 
for a moment, Scabbers was frozen in midair, his 
small gray form twisting madly  Ron yelled  the 
rat fell and hit the floor. There was another blinding 
