flash of light and then  

It was like watching a speededup film of a growing 
tree. A head was shooting upward from the ground; 
limbs were sprouting; a moment later, a man was 
standing where Scabbers had been, cringing and 
wringing his hands. Crookshanks was spitting and 
snarling on the bed; the hair on his back was 
standing up. 

He was a very short man, hardly taller than Harry 
and Hermione. His thin, colorless hair was unkempt 
and there was a large bald patch on top. He had the 
shrunken appearance of a plump man who has lost a 
lot of weight in a short time. His skin looked grubby, 
almost like Scabbers s fur, and something of the rat 
lingered around his pointed nose and his very small, 
watery eyes. He looked around at them all, his 
breathing fast and shallow. Harry saw his eyes dart to 
the door and back again. 

Well, hello, Peter, said Lupin pleasantly, as though 
rats frequently erupted into old school friends around 
him. Long time, no see. 

  409 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




S  Sirius ... R  Remus ... Even Pettigrews voice 
was squeaky. Again, his eyes darted toward the door. 
My friends ... my old friends ... 

Blacks wand arm rose, but Lupin seized him around 
the wrist, gave him a warning look, then turned again 
to Pettigrew, his voice light and casual. 

Weve been having a little chat, Peter, about what 
happened the night Lily and James died. You might 
have missed the finer points while you were 
squeaking around down there on the bed   

Remus, gasped Pettigrew, and Harry could see 
beads of sweat breaking out over his pasty face, you 
dont believe him, do you... ? He tried to kill me, 
Remus. ... 

So weve heard, said Lupin, more coldly. Id like to 
clear up one or two little matters with you, Peter, if 
youd be so   

Hes come to try and kill me again! Pettigrew 
squeaked suddenly, pointing at Black, and Harry saw 
that he used his middle finger, because his index was 
missing. He killed Lily and James and now hes going 
to kill me too. ... Youve got to help me, Remus. ... 

Blacks face looked more skulllike than ever as he 
stared at Pettigrew with his fathomless eyes. 

No ones going to try and kill you until weve sorted a 
few things out, said Lupin. 

Sorted things out? squealed Pettigrew, looking 
wildly about him once more, eyes taking in the 
boarded windows and, again, the only door. I knew 
hed come after me! I knew hed be back for me! Ive 
been waiting for this for twelve years! 

  410 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




You knew Sirius was going to break out of Azkaban? 
said Lupin, his brow furrowed. When nobody has 
ever done it before? 

Hes got dark powers the rest of us can only dream 
of! Pettigrew shouted shrilly. How else did he get out 
of there? I suppose HeWhoMustNotBeNamed 
taught him a few tricks! 

Black started to laugh, a horrible, mirthless laugh 
that filled the whole room. 

Voldemort, teach me tricks? he said. 

Pettigrew flinched as though Black had brandished a 
whip at him. 

What, scared to hear your old masters name? said 
Black. I dont blame you, Peter. His lot arent very 
happy with you, are they? 

Dont know what you mean, Sirius   muttered 
Pettigrew, his breathing faster than ever. His whole 
face was shining with sweat now. 

You havent been hiding from me for twelve years, 
said Black. Youve been hiding from Voldemorts old 
supporters. I heard things in Azkaban, Peter. ... They 
all think youre dead, or youd have to answer to 
them. ... Ive heard them screaming all sorts of things 
in their sleep. Sounds like they think the double 
crosser doublecrossed them. Voldemort went to the 
Potters on your information ... and Voldemort met his 
downfall there. And not all Voldemorts supporters 
ended up in Azkaban, did they? There are still plenty 
out here, biding their time, pretending theyve seen 
the error of their ways. ... If they ever got wind that 
you were still alive, Peter   



  411 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dont know ... what youre talking about... said 
Pettigrew again, more shrilly than ever. He wiped his 
face on his sleeve and looked up at Lupin. You dont 
believe this  this madness, Remus   

I must admit, Peter, I have difficulty in 
understanding why an innocent man would want to 
spend twelve years as a rat, said Lupin evenly. 

Innocent, but scared! squealed Pettigrew. If 
Voldemorts supporters were after me, it was because 
I put one of their best men in Azkaban  the spy, 
Sirius Black! 

Blacks face contorted. 

How dare you, he growled, sounding suddenly like 
the bearsized dog he had been. I, a spy for 
Voldemort? When did I ever sneak around people who 
were stronger and more powerful than myself? But 
you, Peter  Ill never understand why I didnt see 
you were the spy from the start. You always liked big 
friends whod look after you, didnt you? It used to be 
us ... me and Remus ... and James. ... 

Pettigrew wiped his face again; he was almost panting 
for breath. 

Me, a spy ... must be out of your mind ... never ... 
dont know how you can say such a   

Lily and James only made you SecretKeeper 
because I suggested it, Black hissed, so venomously 
that Pettigrew took a step backward. I thought it was 
the perfect plan ... a bluff. ... Voldemort would be 
sure to come after me, would never dream theyd use 
a weak, talentless thing like you. ... It must have been 
the finest moment of your miserable life, telling 
Voldemort you could hand him the Potters. 

  412 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Pettigrew was muttering distractedly; Harry caught 
words like farfetched and lunacy, but he couldnt 
help paying more attention to the ashen color of 
Pettigrews face and the way his eyes continued to 
dart toward the windows and door. 

Professor Lupin? said Hermione timidly. Can  can 
I say something? 

Certainly, Hermione, said Lupin courteously. 

Well  Scabbers  I mean, this  this man  hes 
been sleeping in Harrys dormitory for three years. If 
hes working for YouKnowWho, how come he never 
tried to hurt Harry before now? 

There! said Pettigrew shrilly, pointing at Ron with 
his maimed hand. Thank you! You see, Remus? I 
have never hurt a hair of Harrys head! Why should 
I? 

Ill tell you why, said Black. Because you never did 
anything for anyone unless you could see what was in 
it for you. Voldemorts been in hiding for fifteen years, 
they say hes half dead. You werent about to commit 
murder right under Albus Dumbledores nose, for a 
wreck of a wizard whod lost all of his power, were 
you? Youd want to be quite sure he was the biggest 
bully in the playground before you went back to him, 
wouldnt you? Why else did you find a wizard family 
to take you in? Keeping an ear out for news, werent 
you, Peter? Just in case your old protector regained 
strength, and it was safe to rejoin him. ... 

Pettigrew opened his mouth and closed it several 
times. He seemed to have lost the ability to talk. 

Er  Mr. Black  Sirius? said Hermione. 



  413 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Black jumped at being addressed like this and stared 
at Hermione as though he had never seen anything 
quite like her. 

If you dont mind me asking, how  how did you get 
out of Azkaban, if you didnt use Dark Magic? 

Thank you! gasped Pettigrew, nodding frantically at 
her. Exactly! Precisely what I   

But Lupin silenced him with a look. Black was 
frowning slightly at Hermione, but not as though he 
were annoyed with her. He seemed to be pondering 
his answer. 

I dont know how I did it, he said slowly. I think the 
only reason I never lost my mind is that I knew I was 
innocent. That wasnt a happy thought, so the 
dementors couldnt suck it out of me ... but it kept me 
sane and knowing who I am . . . helped me keep my 
powers ... so when it all became . . . too much ... I 
could transform in my cell . . . become a dog. 
Dementors cant see, you know. ... He swallowed. 
They feel their way toward people by feeding off their 
emotions. ... They could tell that my feelings were less 
 less human, less complex when I was a dog ... but 
they thought, of course, that I was losing my mind 
like everyone else in there, so it didnt trouble them. 
But I was weak, very weak, and I had no hope of 
driving them away from me without a wand. ... 

But then I saw Peter in that picture ... I realized he 
was at Hogwarts with Harry . . . perfectly positioned to 
act, if one hint reached his ears that the Dark Side 
was gathering strength again. ... 

Pettigrew was shaking his head, mouthing 
noiselessly, but staring all the while at Black as 
though hypnotized. 

  414 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




"... ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of 
allies ... and to deliver the last Potter to them. If he 
gave them Harry, whod dare say hed betrayed Lord 
Voldemort? Hed be welcomed back with honors. ... 

So you see, I had to do something. I was the only one 
who knew Peter was still alive. ... 

Harry remembered what Mr. Weasley had told Mrs. 
Weasley. The guards say hes been talking in his 
sleep ... always the same words ... Hes at Hog warts. 



It was as if someone had lit a fire in my head, and 
the dementors couldnt destroy it. ... It wasnt a 
happy feeling ... it was an obsession . . . but it gave me 
strength, it cleared my mind. So, one night when they 
opened my door to bring food, I slipped past them as 
a dog. ... Its so much harder for them to sense 
animal emotions that they were confused. ... I was 
thin, very thin . . . thin enough to slip through the 
bars. ... I swam as a dog back to the mainland. ... I 
journeyed north and slipped into the Hogwarts 
grounds as a dog. Ive been living in the forest ever 
since, except when I came to watch the Quidditch, of 
course. You fly as well as your father did, Harry. ... 

He looked at Harry, who did not look away. 

Believe me, croaked Black. Believe me, Harry. I 
never betrayed James and Lily. I would have died 
before I betrayed them. 

And at long last, Harry believed him. Throat too tight 
to speak, he nodded. 

No! 



  415 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Pettigrew had fallen to his knees as though Harrys 
nod had been his own death sentence. He shuffled 
forward on his knees, groveling, his hands clasped in 
front of him as though praying. 

Sirius  its me ... its Peter ... your friend ... you 
wouldnt ... 

Black kicked out and Pettigrew recoiled. 

Theres enough filth on my robes without you 
touching them, said Black. 

Remus! Pettigrew squeaked, turning to Lupin 
instead, writhing imploringly in front of him. You 
dont believe this ... wouldnt Sirius have told you 
theyd changed the plan? 

Not if he thought I was the spy, Peter, said Lupin. I 
assume thats why you didnt tell me, Sirius? he said 
casually over Pettigrews head. 

Forgive me, Remus, said Black. 

Not at all, Padfoot, old friend, said Lupin, who was 
now rolling up his sleeves. And will you, in turn, 
forgive me for believing you were the spy? 

Of course, said Black, and the ghost of a grin flitted 
across his gaunt face. He, too, began rolling up his 
sleeves. Shall we kill him together? 

Yes, I think so, said Lupin grimly. 

You wouldnt ... you wont... , gasped Pettigrew. And 
he scrambled around to Ron. 



  416 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ron ... havent I been a good friend ... a good pet? 

You wont let them kill me, Ron, will you ... youre on 
my side, arent you? 

But Ron was staring at Pettigrew with the utmost 
revulsion. 

I let you sleep in my bed\ he said. 

Kind boy ... kind master ... Pettigrew crawled toward 
Ron, you wont let them do it. ... I was your rat. ... I 
was a good pet. ... 

If you made a better rat than a human, its not much 
to boast about, Peter, said Black harshly. Ron, going 
still paler with pain, wrenched his broken leg out of 
Pettigrews reach. Pettigrew turned on his knees, 
staggered forward, and seized the hem of Hermiones 
robes. 

Sweet girl ... clever girl ... you  you wont let them. 
... Help me. ... 

Hermione pulled her robes out of Pettigrews 
clutching hands and backed away against the wall, 
looking horrified. 

Pettigrew knelt, trembling uncontrollably, and turned 
his head slowly toward Harry. 

Harry ... Harry ... you look just like your father ... 
just like him. ... 

HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO HARRY? roared Black. 
HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM? HOW DARE YOU TALK 
ABOUT JAMES IN FRONT OF HIM? 

Harry, whispered Pettigrew, shuffling toward him, 
hands outstretched. Harry, James wouldnt have 

  417 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




wanted me killed. ... James would have understood, 
Harry ... he would have shown me mercy. ... 



Both Black and Lupin strode forward, seized 
Pettigrews shoulders, and threw him backward onto 
the floor. He sat there, twitching with terror, staring 
up at them. 

You sold Lily and James to Voldemort, said Black, 
who was shaking too. Do you deny it? 

Pettigrew burst into tears. It was horrible to watch, 
like an oversized, balding baby, cowering on the floor. 

Sirius, Sirius, what could I have done? The Dark 
Lord . . . you have no idea ... he has weapons you cant 
imagine. ... I was scared, Sirius, I was never brave 
like you and Remus and James. I never meant it to 
happen. ... HeWhoMustNotBeNamed forced me  



DONT LIE! bellowed Black. YOUD BEEN PASSING 
INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE LILY 
AND JAMES DIED! YOU WERE HIS SPY! 

He  he was taking over everywhere! gasped 
Pettigrew. Wh  what was there to be gained by 
refusing him? 

What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil 
wizard who has ever existed? said Black, with a 
terribly fury in his face. Only innocent lives, Peter! 

You dont understand! whined Pettigrew. He would 
have killed me, Sirius! 

THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED! roared Black. 
DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS 
WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU! 

  418 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Black and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, wands 
raised. 

You should have realized, said Lupin quietly, if 
Voldemort didnt kill you, we would. Goodbye, Peter. 

Hermione covered her face with her hands and turned 
to the wall. 

NO! Harry yelled. He ran forward, placing himself in 
front of Pettigrew, facing the wands. You cant kill 
him, he said breathlessly. You cant. 

Black and Lupin both looked staggered. 

Harry, this piece of vermin is the reason you have no 
parents, Black snarled. This cringing bit of filth 
would have seen you die too, without turning a hair. 
You heard him. His own stinking skin meant more to 
him than your whole family. 

I know, Harry panted. Well take him up to the 
castle. Well hand him over to the dementors. ... He 
can go to Azkaban ... but dont kill him. 

Harry! gasped Pettigrew, and he flung his arms 
around Harrys knees. You  thank you  its more 
than I deserve  thank you   

Get off me, Harry spat, throwing Pettigrews hands 
off him in disgust. Im not doing this for you. Im 
doing it because  I dont reckon my dad wouldve 
wanted them to become killers  just for you. 

No one moved or made a sound except Pettigrew, 
whose breath was coming in wheezes as he clutched 
his chest. Black and Lupin were looking at each 
other. Then, with one movement, they lowered their 
wands. 

  419 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Youre the only person who has the right to decide, 
Harry, said Black. But think ... think what he did. 



He can go to Azkaban, Harry repeated. If anyone 
deserves that place, he does. ... 

Pettigrew was still wheezing behind him. 

Very well, said Lupin. Stand aside, Harry. 

Harry hesitated. 

Im going to tie him up, said Lupin. Thats all, I 
swear. 

Harry stepped out of the way. Thin cords shot from 
Lupins wand this time, and next moment, Pettigrew 
was wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged. 

But if you transform, Peter, growled Black, his own 
wand pointing at Pettigrew too, we will kill you. You 
agree, Harry? 

Harry looked down at the pitiful figure on the floor 
and nodded so that Pettigrew could see him. 

Right, said Lupin, suddenly businesslike. Ron, I 
cant mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey, 
so I think its best if we just strap your leg up until we 
can get you to the hospital wing. 

He hurried over to Ron, bent down, tapped Rons leg 
with his wand, and muttered, Ferula. Bandages 
spun up Rons leg, strapping it tightly to a splint. 
Lupin helped him to his feet; Ron put his weight 
gingerly on the leg and didnt wince. 

Thats better, he said. Thanks. 

  420 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




What about Professor Snape? said Hermione in a 
small voice, looking down at Snapes prone figure. 



Theres nothing seriously wrong with him, said 
Lupin, bending over Snape and checking his pulse. 
You were just a little  overenthusiastic. Still out 
cold. Er  perhaps it will be best if we dont revive 
him until were safely back in the castle. We can take 
him like this. ... 

He muttered, Mobilicorpus. As though invisible 
strings were tied to Snapes wrists, neck, and knees, 
he was pulled into a standing position, head still 
lolling unpleasantly, like a grotesque puppet. He hung 
a few inches above the ground, his limp feet dangling. 
Lupin picked up the Invisibility Cloak and tucked it 
safely into his pocket. 

And two of us should be chained to this, said Black, 
nudging Pettigrew with his toe. Just to make sure. 

Ill do it, said Lupin. 

And me, said Ron savagely, limping forward. 

Black conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon 
Pettigrew was upright again, left arm chained to 
Lupins right, right arm to Rons left. Rons face was 
set. He seemed to have taken Scabberss true identity 
as a personal insult. Crookshanks leapt lightly off the 
bed and led the way out of the room, his bottlebrush 
tail held jauntily high. 



  421 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   






THE DEMENTORS KISS 

Harry had never been part of a stranger group. 
Crookshanks led the way down the stairs; Lupin, 
Pettigrew, and Ron went next, looking like entrants in 
a sixlegged race. Next came Professor Snape, drifting 
creepily along, his toes hitting each stair as they 
descended, held up by his own wand, which was 
being pointed at him by Sirius. Harry and Hermione 
brought up the rear. 

Getting back into the tunnel was difficult. Lupin, 
Pettigrew, and Ron had to turn sideways to manage 
it; Lupin still had Pettigrew covered with his wand. 
Harry could see them edging awkwardly along the 
tunnel in single file. Crookshanks was still in the 
lead. Harry went right after Black, who was still 
making Snape drift along ahead of them; he kept 
bumping his lolling head on the low ceiling. Harry 
had the impression Black was making no effort to 
prevent this. 



  422 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



You know what this means? Black said abruptly to 
Harry as they made their slow progress along the 
tunnel. Turning Pettigrew in? 

Youre free, said Harry. 

Yes ... , said Black. But Im also  I dont know if 
anyone ever told you  Im your godfather. 

Yeah, I knew that, said Harry. 

Well ... your parents appointed me your guardian, 
said Black stiffly. If anything happened to them ... 

Harry waited. Did Black mean what he thought he 
meant? 

Ill understand, of course, if you want to stay with 
your aunt and uncle, said Black. But ... well ... 
think about it. Once my names cleared ... if you 
wanted a ... a different home ... 

Some sort of explosion took place in the pit of Harrys 
stomach. 

What  live with you? he said, accidentally cracking 
his head on a bit of rock protruding from the ceiling. 
Leave the Dursleys? 

Of course, I thought you wouldnt want to, said 
Black quickly. I understand, I just thought Id   

Are you insane? said Harry, his voice easily as 
croaky as Blacks. Of course I want to leave the 
Dursleys! Have you got a house? When can I move 
in? 



  423 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Black turned right around to look at him; Snapes 
head was scraping the ceiling but Black didnt seem 
to care. 

You want to? he said. You mean it? 

Yeah, I mean it! said Harry. 

Blacks gaunt face broke into the first true smile 
Harry had seen upon it. The difference it made was 
startling, as though a person ten years younger were 
shining through the starved mask; for a moment, he 
was recognizable as the man who had laughed at 
Harrys parents wedding. 

They did not speak again until they had reached the 
end of the tunnel. Crookshanks darted up first; he 
had evidently pressed his paw to the knot on the 
trunk, because Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambered 
upward without any sound of savaging branches. 

Black saw Snape up through the hole, then stood 
back for Harry and Hermione to pass. At last, all of 
them were out. 

The grounds were very dark now; the only light came 
from the distant windows of the castle. Without a 
word, they set off. Pettigrew was still wheezing and 
occasionally whimpering. Harrys mind was buzzing. 
He was going to leave the Dursleys. He was going to 
live with Sirius Black, his parents best friend. ... He 
felt dazed. ... What would happen when he told the 
Dursleys he was going to live with the convict theyd 
seen on television... ! 

One wrong move, Peter, said Lupin threateningly 
ahead. His wand was still pointed sideways at 
Pettigrews chest. 



  424 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Silently they tramped through the grounds, the castle 
lights growing slowly larger. Snape was still drifting 
weirdly ahead of Black, his chin bumping on his 
chest. And then  

A cloud shifted. There were suddenly dim shadows on 
the ground. Their party was bathed in moonlight. 

Snape collided with Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron, who 
had stopped abruptly. Black froze. He flung out one 
arm to make Harry and Hermione stop. 

Harry could see Lupins silhouette. He had gone rigid. 
Then his limbs began to shake. 

Oh, my   Hermione gasped. He didnt take his 
potion tonight! Hes not safe! 

Run, Black whispered. Run. Now. 

But Harry couldnt run. Ron was chained to Pettigrew 
and Lupin. He leapt forward but Black caught him 
around the chest and threw him back. 

Leave it to me  RUN! 

There was a terrible snarling noise. Lupins head was 
lengthening. So was his body. His shoulders were 
hunching. Hair was sprouting visibly on his face and 
hands, which were curling into clawed paws. 
Crookshankss hair was on end again; he was backing 
away  

As the werewolf reared, snapping its long jaws, Sirius 
disappeared from Harrys side. He had transformed. 
The enormous, bearlike dog bounded forward. As the 
werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding 
it, the dog seized it about the neck and pulled it 



  425 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




backward, away from Ron and Pettigrew. They were 
locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other  

Harry stood, transfixed by the sight, too intent upon 
the battle to notice anything else. It was Hermiones 
scream that alerted him  

Pettigrew had dived for Lupins dropped wand. Ron, 
unsteady on his bandaged leg, fell. There was a bang, 
a burst of light  and Ron lay motionless on the 
ground. Another bang  Crookshanks flew into the 
air and back to the earth in a heap. 

 ExpelliarmusV Harry yelled, pointing his own wand 
at Pettigrew; Lupins wand flew high into the air and 
out of sight. Stay where you are! Harry shouted, 
running forward. 

Too late. Pettigrew had transformed. Harry saw his 
bald tail whip through the manacle on Rons 
outstretched arm and heard a scurrying through the 
grass. 

There was a howl and a rumbling growl; Harry turned 
to see the werewolf taking flight; it was galloping into 
the forest  

Sirius, hes gone, Pettigrew transformed! Harry 
yelled. 

Black was bleeding; there were gashes across his 
muzzle and back, but at Harrys words he scrambled 
up again, and in an instant, the sound of his paws 
faded to silence as he pounded away across the 
grounds. 

Harry and Hermione dashed over to Ron. 



  426 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




What did he do to him? Hermione whispered. Rons 
eyes were only halfclosed, his mouth hung open; he 
was definitely alive, they could hear him breathing, 
but he didnt seem to recognize them. 

I dont know. ... 

Harry looked desperately around. Black and Lupin 
both gone . . . they had no one but Snape for company, 
still hanging, unconscious, in midair. 

Wed better get them up to the castle and tell 
someone, said Harry, pushing his hair out of his 
eyes, trying to think straight. Come   

But then, from beyond the range of their vision, they 
heard a yelping, a whining: a dog in pain. ... 

Sirius, Harry muttered, staring into the darkness. 

He had a moments indecision, but there was nothing 
they could do for Ron at the moment, and by the 
sound of it, Black was in trouble  

Harry set off at a run, Hermione right behind him. 

The yelping seemed to be coming from the ground 
near the edge of the lake. They pelted toward it, and 
Harry, running flat out, felt the cold without realizing 
what it must mean  

The yelping stopped abruptly. As they reached the 
lakeshore, they saw why  Sirius had turned back 
into a man. He was crouched on all fours, his hands 
over his head. 

iVooo, he moaned. Noooo ... please. ... 

And then Harry saw them. Dementors, at least a 
hundred of them, gliding in a black mass around the 

  427 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




lake toward them. He spun around, the familiar, icy 
cold penetrating his insides, fog starting to obscure 
his vision; more were appearing out of the darkness 
on every side; they were encircling them. ... 

Hermione, think of something happy! Harry yelled, 
raising his wand, blinking furiously to try and clear 
his vision, shaking his head to rid it of the faint 
screaming that had started inside it  

Im going to live with my godfather. Im leaving the 
Dursleys. 

He forced himself to think of Black, and only Black, 
and began to chant: Expecto patronum). Expecto 
patronum). 

Black gave a shudder, rolled over, and lay motionless 
on the ground, pale as death. 

Hell be all right. Im going to go and live with him. 

Expecto patronum). Hermione, help me! Expecto 
patronum). 

Expecto   Hermione whispered, expecto  expecto 



But she couldnt do it. The dementors were closing in, 
barely ten feet from them. They formed a solid wall 
around Harry and Hermione, and were getting closer. 



EXPECTO PATRONUM Harry yelled, trying to blot 
the screaming from his ears. EXPECTO PATRONUM. 

A thin wisp of silver escaped his wand and hovered 
like mist before him. At the same moment, Harry felt 



  428 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Hermione collapse next to him. He was alone ... 
completely alone. ... 

Expecto  expecto patronum   

Harry felt his knees hit the cold grass. Fog was 
clouding his eyes. With a huge effort, he fought to 
remember  Sirius was innocent  innocent  Well 
be okay  Im going to live with him  

 Expecto patronum J he gasped. 

By the feeble light of his formless Patronus, he saw a 
dementor halt, very close to him. It couldnt walk 
through the cloud of silver mist Harry had conjured. 

A dead, slimy hand slid out from under the cloak. It 
made a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus 
aside. 

No  no   Harry gasped. Hes innocent ... expecto 
 expecto patronum   

He could feel them watching him, hear their rattling 
breath like an evil wind around him. The nearest 
dementor seemed to be considering him. Then it 
raised both its rotting hands  and lowered its hood. 

Where there should have been eyes, there was only 
thin, gray scabbed skin, stretched blankly over empty 
sockets. But there was a mouth ... a gaping, 
shapeless hole, sucking the air with the sound of a 
death rattle. 

A paralyzing terror filled Harry so that he couldnt 
move or speak. His Patronus flickered and died. 

White fog was blinding him. He had to fight ... expecto 
patronum ... he couldnt see ... and in the distance, he 
heard the familiar screaming . . . expecto patronum . . . 

  429 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




he groped in the mist for Sirius, and found his arm ... 
they werent going to take him. ... 

But a pair of strong, clammy hands suddenly 
attached themselves around Harrys neck. They were 
forcing his face upward. ... He could feel its breath. ... 
It was going to get rid of him first. ... He could feel its 
putrid breath. . . . His mother was screaming in his 
ears. ... She was going to be the last thing he ever 
heard  

And then, through the fog that was drowning him, he 
thought he saw a silvery light growing brighter and 
brighter. ... He felt himself fall forward onto the grass. 
... Facedown, too weak to move, sick and shaking, 
Harry opened his eyes. The dementor must have 
released him. The blinding light was illuminating the 
grass around him. ... The screaming had stopped, the 
cold was ebbing away. . . . 

Something was driving the dementors back. ... It was 
circling around him and Black and Hermione. ... They 
were leaving. ... The air was warm again. ... 

With every ounce of strength he could muster, Harry 
raised his head a few inches and saw an animal amid 
the light, galloping away across the lake. ... Eyes 
blurred with sweat, Harry tried to make out what it 
was. ... It was as bright as a unicorn. ... Fighting to 
stay conscious, Harry watched it canter to a halt as it 
reached the opposite shore. For a moment, Harry 
saw, by its brightness, somebody welcoming it back 
. . . raising his hand to pat it . . . someone who looked 
strangely familiar ... but it couldnt be ... 

Harry didnt understand. He couldnt think anymore. 
He felt the last of his strength leave him, and his head 
hit the ground as he fainted. 



  430 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   





HERMIONES SECRET 

Shocking business ... shocking ... miracle none of 
them died . . . never heard the like ... by thunder, it 
was lucky you were there, Snape. ... 

Thank you, Minister. 

Order of Merlin, Second Class, Id say. First Class, if 
I can wangle it! 

Thank you very much indeed, Minister. 

Nasty cut youve got there. ... Blacks work, I 
suppose? 

As a matter of fact, it was Potter, Weasley, and 
Granger, Minister. ... 

iVo! 

Black had bewitched them, I saw it immediately. A 
Confundus Charm, to judge by their behavior. They 
seemed to think there was a possibility he was 

  431 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



innocent. They werent responsible for their actions. 
On the other hand, their interference might have 
permitted Black to escape. ... They obviously thought 
they were going to catch Black singlehanded. Theyve 
got away with a great deal before now. ... Im afraid 
its given them a rather high opinion of themselves ... 
and of course Potter has always been allowed an 
extraordinary amount of license by the headmaster  



Ah, well, Snape ... Harry Potter, you know ... weve 
all got a bit of a blind spot where hes concerned. 

And yet  is it good for him to be given so much 
special treatment? Personally, I try and treat him like 
any other student. And any other student would be 
suspended  at the very least  for leading his 
friends into such danger. Consider, Minister  
against all school rules  after all the precautions 
put in place for his protection  outofbounds, at 
night, consorting with a werewolf and a murderer  
and I have reason to believe he has been visiting 
Hogsmeade illegally too   

Well, well ... we shall see, Snape, we shall see. ... The 
boy has undoubtedly been foolish. ... 

Harry lay listening with his eyes tight shut. He felt 
very groggy. The words he was hearing seemed to be 
traveling very slowly from his ears to his brain, so 
that it was difficult to understand. ... His limbs felt 
like lead; his eyelids too heavy to lift. ... He wanted to 
lie here, on this comfortable bed, forever. ... 

What amazes me most is the behavior of the 
dementors ... youve really no idea what made them 
retreat, Snape? 



  432 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




No, Minister ... by the time I had come round they 
were heading back to their positions at the entrances. 



Extraordinary. And yet Black, and Harry, and the girl 



All unconscious by the time I reached them. I bound 
and gagged Black, naturally, conjured stretchers, and 
brought them all straight back to the castle. 

There was a pause. Harrys brain seemed to be 
moving a little faster, and as it did, a gnawing 
sensation grew in the pit of his stomach. ... 

He opened his eyes. 

Everything was slightly blurred. Somebody had 
removed his glasses. He was lying in the dark hospital 
wing. At the very end of the ward, he could make out 
Madam Pomfrey with her back to him, bending over a 
bed. Harry squinted. Rons red hair was visible 
beneath Madam Pomfreys arm. 

Harry moved his head over on the pillow. In the bed 
to his right lay Hermione. Moonlight was falling 
across her bed. Her eyes were open too. She looked 
petrified, and when she saw that Harry was awake, 
pressed a finger to her lips, then pointed to the 
hospital wing door. It was ajar, and the voices of 
Cornelius Fudge and Snape were coming through it 
from the corridor outside. 

Madam Pomfrey now came walking briskly up the 
dark ward to Harrys bed. He turned to look at her. 
She was carrying the largest block of chocolate he 
had ever seen in his life. It looked like a small 
boulder. 



  433 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Ah, youre awake! she said briskly. She placed the 
chocolate on Harrys bedside table and began 
breaking it apart with a small hammer. 

Hows Ron? said Harry and Hermione together. 

Hell live, said Madam Pomfrey grimly. As for you 
two ... youll be staying here until Im satisfied youre 
 Potter, what do you think youre doing? 

Harry was sitting up, putting his glasses back on, and 
picking up his wand. 

I need to see the headmaster, he said. 

Potter, said Madam Pomfrey soothingly, its all 
right. Theyve got Black. Hes locked away upstairs. 
The dementors will be performing the kiss any 
moment now   

WHAT? 

Harry jumped up out of bed; Hermione had done the 
same. But his shout had been heard in the corridor 
outside; next second, Cornelius Fudge and Snape had 
entered the ward. 

Harry, Harry, whats this? said Fudge, looking 
agitated. You should be in bed  has he had any 
chocolate? he asked Madam Pomfrey anxiously. 

Minister, listen! Harry said. Sirius Blacks innocent! 
Peter Pettigrew faked his own death! We saw him 
tonight! You cant let the dementors do that thing to 
Sirius, hes   

But Fudge was shaking his head with a small smile 
on his face. 



  434 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry, Harry, youre very confused, youve been 
through a dreadful ordeal, lie back down, now, weve 
got everything under control. ... 

YOU HAVENT! Harry yelled. YOU VE GOT THE 
WRONG MAN! 

Minister, listen, please, Hermione said; she had 
hurried to Harrys side and was gazing imploringly 
into Fudges face. I saw him too. It was Rons rat, 
hes an Animagus, Pettigrew, I mean, and   

You see, Minister? said Snape. Confunded, both of 
them. ... Blacks done a very good job on them. ... 

WERE NOT CONFUNDED! Harry roared. 

Minister! Professor! said Madam Pomfrey angrily. I 
must insist that you leave. Potter is my patient, and 
he should not be distressed! 

Im not distressed, Im trying to tell them what 
happened! Harry said furiously. If theyd just listen 



But Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuffed a large chunk 
of chocolate into Harrys mouth; he choked, and she 
seized the opportunity to force him back onto the bed. 

Now, please, Minister, these children need care. 
Please leave   

The door opened again. It was Dumbledore. Harry 
swallowed his mouthful of chocolate with great 
difficulty and got up again. 

Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black   



  435 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




For heavens sake! said Madam Pomfrey 
hysterically. Is this a hospital wing or not? 
Headmaster, I must insist   

My apologies, Poppy, but I need a word with Mr. 
Potter and Miss Granger, said Dumbledore calmly. I 
have just been talking to Sirius Black   

I suppose hes told you the same fairy tale hes 
planted in Potters mind? spat Snape. Something 
about a rat, and Pettigrew being alive   

That, indeed, is Blacks story, said Dumbledore, 
surveying Snape closely through his halfmoon 
spectacles. 

And does my evidence count for nothing? snarled 
Snape. Peter Pettigrew was not in the Shrieking 
Shack, nor did I see any sign of him on the grounds. 

That was because you were knocked out, Professor! 
said Hermione earnestly. You didnt arrive in time to 
hear   

Miss Granger, HOLD YOUR TONGUE! 

Now, Snape, said Fudge, startled, the young lady is 
disturbed in her mind, we must make allowances   

I would like to speak to Harry and Hermione alone, 
said Dumbledore abruptly. Cornelius, Severus, 

Poppy  please leave us. 

Headmaster! sputtered Madam Pomfrey They need 
treatment, they need rest   

This cannot wait, said Dumbledore. I must insist. 



  436 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and strode away into 
her office at the end of the ward, slamming the door 
behind her. Fudge consulted the large gold pocket 
watch dangling from his waistcoat. 

The dementors should have arrived by now, he said. 
Ill go and meet them. Dumbledore, 111 see you 
upstairs. 

He crossed to the door and held it open for Snape, 
but Snape hadnt moved. 

You surely dont believe a word of Blacks story? 
Snape whispered, his eyes fixed on Dumbledore s 
face. 

I wish to speak to Harry and Hermione alone, 
Dumbledore repeated. 

Snape took a step toward Dumbledore. 

Sirius Black showed he was capable of murder at the 
age of sixteen, he breathed. You havent forgotten 
that, Headmaster? You havent forgotten that he once 
tried to kill me? 

My memory is as good as it ever was, Severus, said 
Dumbledore quietly. 

Snape turned on his heel and marched through the 
door Fudge was still holding. It closed behind them, 
and Dumbledore turned to Harry and Hermione. They 
both burst into speech at the same time. 

Professor, Blacks telling the truth  we saw 
Pettigrew   

  he escaped when Professor Lupin turned into a 
werewolf   

  437 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




  hes a rat   



  Pettigrews front paw, I mean, finger, he cut it off 



  Pettigrew attacked Ron, it wasnt Sirius   

But Dumbledore held up his hand to stem the flood of 
explanations. 

It is your turn to listen, and I beg you will not 
interrupt me, because there is very little time, he 
said quietly. There is not a shred of proof to support 
Blacks story, except your word  and the word of 
two thirteenyearold wizards will not convince 
anybody. A street full of eyewitnesses swore they saw 
Sirius murder Pettigrew. I myself gave evidence to the 
Ministry that Sirius had been the Potters Secret 
Keeper. 

Professor Lupin can tell you   Harry said, unable to 
stop himself. 

Professor Lupin is currently deep in the forest, 
unable to tell anyone anything. By the time he is 
human again, it will be too late, Sirius will be worse 
than dead. I might add that werewolves are so 
mistrusted by most of our kind that his support will 
count for very little  and the fact that he and Sirius 
are old friends   

But   

 Listen to me, Harry. It is too late, you understand 
me? You must see that Professor Snapes version of 
events is far more convincing than yours. 

He hates Sirius, Hermione said desperately. All 
because of some stupid trick Sirius played on him   

  438 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Sirius has not acted like an innocent man. The 
attack on the Fat Lady  entering Gryffindor Tower 
with a knife  without Pettigrew, alive or dead, we 
have no chance of overturning Siriuss sentence. 

But you believe us. 

Yes, I do, said Dumbledore quietly. But I have no 
power to make other men see the truth, or to overrule 
the Minister of Magic. ... 

Harry stared up into the grave face and felt as though 
the ground beneath him were falling sharply away. He 
had grown used to the idea that Dumbledore could 
solve anything. He had expected Dumbledore to pull 
some amazing solution out of the air. But no . . . their 
last hope was gone. 

What we need, said Dumbledore slowly, and his 
light blue eyes moved from Harry to Hermione, is 
more time. 

But   Hermione began. And then her eyes became 
very round. OH! 

Now, pay attention, said Dumbledore, speaking very 
low, and very clearly. Sirius is locked in Professor 
Flitwicks office on the seventh floor. Thirteenth 
window from the right of the West Tower. If all goes 
well, you will be able to save more than one innocent 
life tonight. But remember this, both of you: you must 
not be seen. Miss Granger, you know the law  you 
know what is at stake. ... You  must  not  be  
seen. 

Harry didnt have a clue what was going on. 
Dumbledore had turned on his heel and looked back 
as he reached the door. 



  439 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I am going to lock you in. It is   he consulted his 
watch, five minutes to midnight. Miss Granger, three 
turns should do it. Good luck. 

Good luck? Harry repeated as the door closed 
behind Dumbledore. Three turns? Whats he talking 
about? What are we supposed to do? 

But Hermione was fumbling with the neck of her 
robes, pulling from beneath them a very long, very 
fine gold chain. 

Harry, come here, she said urgently. Quick). 

Harry moved toward her, completely bewildered. She 
was holding the chain out. He saw a tiny, sparkling 
hourglass hanging from it. 

Here   

She had thrown the chain around his neck too. 

Ready? she said breathlessly. 

What are we doing? Harry said, completely lost. 

Hermione turned the hourglass over three times. 

The dark ward dissolved. Harry had the sensation 
that he was flying very fast, backward. A blur of 
colors and shapes rushed past him, his ears were 
pounding, he tried to yell but couldnt hear his own 
voice  

And then he felt solid ground beneath his feet, and 
everything came into focus again  

He was standing next to Hermione in the deserted 
entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight was 

  440 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




falling across the paved floor from the open front 
doors. He looked wildly around at Hermione, the 
chain of the hourglass cutting into his neck. 

Hermione, what  ? 

In here! Hermione seized Harrys arm and dragged 
him across the hall to the door of a broom closet; she 
opened it, pushed him inside among the buckets and 
mops, then slammed the door behind them. 

What  how  Hermione, what happened? 

Weve gone back in time, Hermione whispered, 
lifting the chain off Harrys neck in the darkness. 
Three hours back ... 

Harry found his own leg and gave it a very hard 
pinch. It hurt a lot, which seemed to rule out the 
possibility that he was having a very bizarre dream. 

But   

Shh! Listen! Someones coming! I think  I think it 
might be us! 

Hermione had her ear pressed against the cupboard 
door. 

Footsteps across the hall ... yes, I think its us going 
down to Hagrids! 

Are you telling me, Harry whispered, that were 
here in this cupboard and were out there too? 

Yes, said Hermione, her ear still glued to the 
cupboard door. Im sure its us. It doesnt sound like 
more than three people ... and were walking slowly 
because were under the Invisibility Cloak   

  441 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




She broke off, still listening intently. 



Weve gone down the front steps. ... 

Hermione sat down on an upturned bucket, looking 
desperately anxious, but Harry wanted a few 
questions answered. 

Where did you get that hourglass thing? 

Its called a TimeTurner, Hermione whispered, and 
I got it from Professor McGonagall on our first day 
back. Ive been using it all year to get to all my 
lessons. Professor McGonagall made me swear I 
wouldnt tell anyone. She had to write all sorts of 
letters to the Ministry of Magic so I could have one. 
She had to tell them that I was a model student, and 
that Id never, ever use it for anything except my 
studies. ... Ive been turning it back so I could do 
hours over again, thats how Ive been doing several 
lessons at once, see? But ... 

Harry, I dont understand what Dumbledore wants us 
to do. Why did he tell us to go back three hours? 

Hows that going to help Sirius? 

Harry stared at her shadowy face. 

There must be something that happened around now 
he wants us to change, he said slowly. What 
happened? We were walking down to Hagrids three 
hours ago. ... 

This is three hours ago, and we are walking down to 
Hagrids, said Hermione. We just heard ourselves 
leaving. ... 

Harry frowned; he felt as though he were screwing up 
his whole brain in concentration. 

  442 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dumbledore just said  just said we could save 
more than one innocent life. ... And then it hit him. 
Hermione, were going to save Buckbeak! 

But  how will that help Sirius? 

Dumbledore said  he just told us where the 
window is  the window of Flitwicks office! Where 
theyve got Sirius locked up! Weve got to fly 
Buckbeak up to the window and rescue Sirius! Sirius 
can escape on Buckbeak  they can escape together! 

From what Harry could see of Hermiones face, she 
looked terrified. 

If we manage that without being seen, itll be a 
miracle! 

Well, weve got to try, havent we? said Harry. He 
stood up and pressed his ear against the door. 

Doesnt sound like anyones there. ... Come on, lets 

go. ... 

Harry pushed open the closet door. The entrance hall 
was deserted. As quietly and quickly as they could, 
they darted out of the closet and down the stone 
steps. The shadows were already lengthening, the 
tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest gilded once 
more with gold. 

If anyones looking out of the window   Hermione 
squeaked, looking up at the castle behind them. 

Well run for it, said Harry determinedly. Straight 
into the forest, all right? Well have to hide behind a 
tree or something and keep a lookout   



  443 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Okay, but well go around by the greenhouses! said 
Hermione breathlessly. We need to keep out of sight 
of Hagrids front door, or well see us! We must be 
nearly at Hagrids by now! 

Still working out what she meant, Harry set off at a 
sprint, Hermione behind him. They tore across the 
vegetable gardens to the greenhouses, paused for a 
moment behind them, then set off again, fast as they 
could, skirting around the Whomping Willow, tearing 
toward the shelter of the forest. ... 

Safe in the shadows of the trees, Harry turned 
around; seconds later, Hermione arrived beside him, 
panting. 

Right, she gasped. We need to sneak over to 
Hagrids. ... Keep out of sight, Harry. ... 

They made their way silently through the trees, 
keeping to the very edge of the forest. Then, as they 
glimpsed the front of Hagrids house, they heard a 
knock upon his door. They moved quickly behind a 
wide oak trunk and peered out from either side. 

Hagrid had appeared in his doorway, shaking and 
white, looking around to see who had knocked. And 
Harry heard his own voice. 

Its us. Were wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in 
and we can take it off. 

Yeh shouldnve come! Hagrid whispered. He stood 
back, then shut the door quickly. 

This is the weirdest thing weve ever done, Harry 
said fervently. 

Lets move along a bit, Hermione whispered. We 
need to get nearer to Buckbeak! 

  444 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




They crept through the trees until they saw the 
nervous hippogriff, tethered to the fence around 
Hagrids pumpkin patch. 

Now? Harry whispered. 

No! said Hermione. If we steal him now, those 
Committee people will think Hagrid set him free! 

Weve got to wait until theyve seen hes tied outside! 

Thats going to give us about sixty seconds, said 
Harry. This was starting to seem impossible. 

At that moment, there was a crash of breaking china 
from inside Hagrids cabin. 

Thats Hagrid breaking the milk jug, Hermione 
whispered. Im going to find Scabbers in a moment  



Sure enough, a few minutes later, they heard 
Hermione s shriek of surprise. 

Hermione, said Harry suddenly, what if we  we 
just run in there and grab Pettigrew   

No! said Hermione in a terrified whisper. Dont you 
understand? Were breaking one of the most 
important wizarding laws! Nobodys supposed to 
change time, nobody! You heard Dumbledore, if were 
seen   

Wed only be seen by ourselves and Hagrid! 

Harry, what do you think youd do if you saw 
yourself bursting into Hagrids house? said 
Hermione. 



  445 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Id  Id think Id gone mad, said Harry, or Id think 
there was some Dark Magic going on   



 Exactly ! You wouldnt understand, you might even 
attack yourself! Dont you see? Professor McGonagall 
told me what awful things have happened when 
wizards have meddled with time. ... Loads of them 
ended up killing their past or future selves by 
mistake! 

Okay! said Harry. It was just an idea, I just thought 



But Hermione nudged him and pointed toward the 
castle. Harry moved his head a few inches to get a 
clear view of the distant front doors. Dumbledore, 
Fudge, the old Committee member, and Macnair the 
executioner were coming down the steps. 

Were about to come out! Hermione breathed. 

And sure enough, moments later, Hagrids back door 
opened, and Harry saw himself, Ron, and Hermione 
walking out of it with Hagrid. It was, without a doubt, 
the strangest sensation of his life, standing behind 
the tree, and watching himself in the pumpkin patch. 

Its okay, Beaky, its okay ... , Hagrid said to 
Buckbeak. Then he turned to Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione. Go on. Get goin. 

Hagrid, we cant   

Well tell them what really happened   

They cant kill him   

Go! Its bad enough without you lot in trouble an 
all! 

  446 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry watched the Hermione in the pumpkin patch 
throw the Invisibility Cloak over him and Ron. 

Go quick. Don listen. ... 

There was a knock on Hagrids front door. The 
execution party had arrived. Hagrid turned around 
and headed back into his cabin, leaving the back door 
ajar. Harry watched the grass flatten in patches all 
around the cabin and heard three pairs of feet 
retreating. He, Ron, and Hermione had gone ... but 
the Harry and Hermione hidden in the trees could 
now hear what was happening inside the cabin 
through the back door. 

Where is the beast? came the cold voice of Macnair. 

Out  outside, Hagrid croaked. 

Harry pulled his head out of sight as Macnairs face 
appeared at Hagrids window, staring out at 
Buckbeak. Then they heard Fudge. 

We  er  have to read you the official notice of 
execution, Hagrid. Ill make it quick. And then you 
and Macnair need to sign it. Macnair, youre 
supposed to listen too, thats procedure   

Macnairs face vanished from the window. It was now 
or never. 

Wait here, Harry whispered to Hermione. Ill do it. 

As Fudges voice started again, Harry darted out from 
behind his tree, vaulted the fence into the pumpkin 
patch, and approached Buckbeak. 

It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of 
Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff Buckbeak, 

  447 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




hereafter called the condemned, shall be executed on 
the sixth of June at sundown   

Careful not to blink, Harry stared up into Buckbeaks 
fierce orange eyes once more and bowed. Buckbeak 
sank to his scaly knees and then stood up again. 
Harry began to fumble with the knot of rope tying 
Buckbeak to the fence. 

"... sentenced to execution by beheading, to be carried 
out by the Committees appointed executioner, Walden 
Macnair ... 

Come on, Buckbeak, Harry murmured, come on, 
were going to help you. Quietly ... quietly ... 

"... as witnessed below. Hagrid, you sign here. ... 

Harry threw all his weight onto the rope, but 
Buckbeak had dug in his front feet. 

Well, lets get this over with, said the reedy voice of 
the Committee member from inside Hagrids cabin. 
Hagrid, perhaps it will be better if you stay inside   

No, I  I wan ter be with him. ... I don wan him ter 
be alone   

Footsteps echoed from within the cabin. 

Buckbeak, move\ Harry hissed. 

Harry tugged harder on the rope around Buckbeaks 
neck. The hippogriff began to walk, rustling its wings 
irritably. They were still ten feet away from the forest, 
in plain view of Hagrids back door. 

One moment, please, Macnair, came Dumbledores 
voice. You need to sign too. The footsteps stopped. 

  448 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry heaved on the rope. Buckbeak snapped his 
beak and walked a little faster. 



Hermione s white face was sticking out from behind a 
tree. 

Harry, hurry! she mouthed. 

Harry could still hear Dumbledores voice talking from 
within the cabin. He gave the rope another wrench. 
Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot. They had 
reached the trees. ... 

Quick! Quick! Hermione moaned, darting out from 
behind her tree, seizing the rope too and adding her 
weight to make Buckbeak move faster. Harry looked 
over his shoulder; they were now blocked from sight; 
they couldnt see Hagrids garden at all. 

Stop! he whispered to Hermione. They might hear 
us   



Hagrids back door had opened with a bang. Harry, 
Hermione, and Buckbeak stood quite still; even the 
hippogriff seemed to be listening intently. 

Silence . . . then  

Where is it? said the reedy voice of the Committee 
member. Where is the beast? 

It was tied here! said the executioner furiously. I 
saw it! Just here! 

How extraordinary, said Dumbledore. There was a 
note of amusement in his voice. 

Beaky! said Hagrid huskily. 

  449 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




There was a swishing noise, and the thud of an axe. 
The executioner seemed to have swung it into the 
fence in anger. And then came the howling, and this 
time they could hear Hagrid s words through his sobs. 

Gone! Gone! Bless his little beak, hes gone\ Musta 
pulled himself free! Beaky, yeh clever boy! 

Buckbeak started to strain against the rope, trying to 
get back to Hagrid. Harry and Hermione tightened 
their grip and dug their heels into the forest floor to 
stop him. 

Someone untied him! the executioner was snarling. 
We should search the grounds, the forest   

Macnair, if Buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you 
really think the thief will have led him away on foot? 
said Dumbledore, still sounding amused. Search the 
skies, if you will. ... Hagrid, I could do with a cup of 
tea. Or a large brandy. 

O  o course, Professor, said Hagrid, who sounded 
weak with happiness. Come in, come in. ... 

Harry and Hermione listened closely. They heard 
footsteps, the soft cursing of the executioner, the 
snap of the door, and then silence once more. 

Now what? whispered Harry, looking around. 

Well have to hide in here, said Hermione, who 
looked very shaken. We need to wait until theyve 
gone back to the castle. Then we wait until its safe to 
fly Buckbeak up to Siriuss window. He wont be there 
for another couple of hours. ... Oh, this is going to be 
difficult. ... 



  450 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




She looked nervously over her shoulder into the 
depths of the forest. The sun was setting now. 

Were going to have to move, said Harry, thinking 
hard. Weve got to be able to see the Whomping 
Willow, or we wont know whats going on. 

Okay, said Hermione, getting a firmer grip on 
Buckbeaks rope. But weve got to keep out of sight, 
Harry, remember. ... 

They moved around the edge of the forest, darkness 
falling thickly around them, until they were hidden 
behind a clump of trees through which they could 
make out the Willow. 

Theres Ron! said Harry suddenly. 

A dark figure was sprinting across the lawn and its 
shout echoed through the still night air. 

Get away from him  get away  Scabbers, come 
here   

And then they saw two more figures materialize out of 
nowhere. Harry watched himself and Hermione 
chasing after Ron. Then he saw Ron dive. 

Gotchcd Get off, you stinking cat   

Theres Sirius! said Harry. The great shape of the 
dog had bounded out from the roots of the Willow. 
They saw him bowl Harry over, then seize Ron. ... 

Looks even worse from here, doesnt it? said Harry, 
watching the dog pulling Ron into the roots. Ouch  
look, I just got walloped by the tree  and so did you 
 this is weird   



  451 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




The Whomping Willow was creaking and lashing out 
with its lower branches; they could see themselves 
darting here and there, trying to reach the trunk. And 
then the tree froze. 

That was Crookshanks pressing the knot, said 
Hermione. 

And there we go ... , Harry muttered. Were in. 

The moment they disappeared, the tree began to move 
again. Seconds later, they heard footsteps quite close 
by. Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge, and the old 
Committee member were making their way up to the 
castle. 

Right after wed gone down into the passage! said 
Hermione. If only Dumbledore had come with us ... 

Macnair and Fudge wouldve come too, said Harry 
bitterly. I bet you anything Fudge wouldve told 
Macnair to murder Sirius on the spot. ... 

They watched the four men climb the castle steps and 
disappear from view. For a few minutes the scene was 
deserted. Then  

Here comes Lupin! said Harry as they saw another 
figure sprinting down the stone steps and haring 
toward the Willow. Harry looked up at the sky. Clouds 
were obscuring the moon completely. 

They watched Lupin seize a broken branch from the 
ground and prod the knot on the trunk. The tree 
stopped fighting, and Lupin, too, disappeared into the 
gap in its roots. 

If hed only grabbed the cloak, said Harry. Its just 
lying there. ... 

  452 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




He turned to Hermione. 



If I just dashed out now and grabbed it, Snaped 
never be able to get it and   

Harry, we mustnt be seen! 

How can you stand this? he asked Hermione 
fiercely. Just standing here and watching it happen? 
He hesitated. Im going to grab the cloak! 

Harry, no! 

Hermione seized the back of Harrys robes not a 
moment too soon. Just then, they heard a burst of 
song. It was Hagrid, making his way up to the castle, 
singing at the top of his voice, and weaving slightly as 
he walked. A large bottle was swinging from his 
hands. 

See? Hermione whispered. See what would have 
happened? Weve got to keep out of sight! No, 
Buckbeak). 

The hippogriff was making frantic attempts to get to 
Hagrid again; Harry seized his rope too, straining to 
hold Buckbeak back. They watched Hagrid meander 
tipsily up to the castle. He was gone. Buckbeak 
stopped fighting to get away. His head drooped sadly. 

Barely two minutes later, the castle doors flew open 
yet again, and Snape came charging out of them, 
running toward the Willow. 

Harrys fists clenched as they watched Snape skid to 
a halt next to the tree, looking around. He grabbed 
the cloak and held it up. 



  453 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Get your filthy hands off it, Harry snarled under his 
breath. 

Shh! 

Snape seized the branch Lupin had used to freeze the 
tree, prodded the knot, and vanished from view as he 
put on the cloak. 

So thats it, said Hermione quietly. Were all down 
there ... and now weve just got to wait until we come 
back up again. ... 

She took the end of Buckbeaks rope and tied it 
securely around the nearest tree, then sat down on 
the dry ground, arms around her knees. 

Harry, theres something I dont understand. ... Why 
didnt the dementors get Sirius? I remember them 
coming, and then I think I passed out . . . there were 
so many of them. ... 

Harry sat down too. He explained what hed seen; 
how, as the nearest dementor had lowered its mouth 
to Harrys, a large silver something had come 
galloping across the lake and forced the dementors to 
retreat. 

Hermione s mouth was slightly open by the time 
Harry had finished. 

But what was it? 

Theres only one thing it could have been, to make 
the dementors go, said Harry. A real Patronus. A 
powerful one. 

But who conjured it? 



  454 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry didnt say anything. He was thinking back to 
the person hed seen on the other bank of the lake. He 
knew who he thought it had been . . . but how could it 
have been? 

Didnt you see what they looked like? said Hermione 
eagerly. Was it one of the teachers? 

No, said Harry. He wasnt a teacher. 

But it must have been a really powerful wizard, to 
drive all those dementors away. ... If the Patronus 
was shining so brightly, didnt it light him up? 
Couldnt you see  ? 

Yeah, I saw him, said Harry slowly. But ... maybe I 
imagined it. ... I wasnt thinking straight. ... I passed 
out right afterward. ... 

 Who did you think it was? 

I think   Harry swallowed, knowing how strange 
this was going to sound. I think it was my dad. 

Harry glanced up at Hermione and saw that her 
mouth was fully open now. She was gazing at him 
with a mixture of alarm and pity. 

Harry, your dads  well  dead, she said quietly. 

I know that, said Harry quickly. 

You think you saw his ghost? 

I dont know ... no ... he looked solid. ... 

But then   



  455 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Maybe I was seeing things, said Harry. But ... from 
what I could see ... it looked like him. ... Ive got 
photos of him. ... 

Hermione was still looking at him as though worried 
about his sanity. 

I know it sounds crazy, said Harry flatly. He turned 
to look at Buckbeak, who was digging his beak into 
the ground, apparently searching for worms. But he 
wasnt really watching Buckbeak. 

He was thinking about his father and about his 
fathers three oldest friends ... Moony, Wormtail, 
Padfoot, and Prongs. ... Had all four of them been out 
on the grounds tonight? Wormtail had reappeared 
this evening when everyone had thought he was dead. 
... Was it so impossible his father had done the same? 
Had he been seeing things across the lake? The figure 
had been too far away to see distinctly . . . yet he had 
felt sure, for a moment, before hed lost 
consciousness. ... 

The leaves overhead rustled faintly in the breeze. The 
moon drifted in and out of sight behind the shifting 
clouds. Hermione sat with her face turned toward the 
Willow, waiting. 

And then, at last, after over an hour . . . 

Here we come! Hermione whispered. 

She and Harry got to their feet. Buckbeak raised his 
head. They saw Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambering 
awkwardly out of the hole in the roots . . . followed by 
the unconscious Snape, drifting weirdly upward. Next 
came Harry, Hermione, and Black. They all began to 
walk toward the castle. 



  456 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harrys heart was starting to beat very fast. He 
glanced up at the sky. Any moment now, that cloud 
was going to move aside and show the moon. ... 

Harry, Hermione muttered as though she knew 
exactly what he was thinking, weve got to stay put. 
We mustnt be seen. Theres nothing we can do. ... 

So were just going to let Pettigrew escape all over 
again. ... said Harry quietly. 

How do you expect to find a rat in the dark? 
snapped Hermione. Theres nothing we can do! We 
came back to help Sirius; were not supposed to be 
doing anything else! 

 All right'. 

The moon slid out from behind its cloud. They saw 
the tiny figures across the grounds stop. Then they 
saw movement  

There goes Lupin, Hermione whispered. Hes 
transforming   

Hermione! said Harry suddenly. Weve got to move! 

We mustnt, I keep telling you   

Not to interfere! Lupins going to run into the forest, 
right at us! 

Hermione gasped. 

Quick! she moaned, dashing to untie Buckbeak. 
Quick! Where are we going to go? Where are we going 
to hide? The dementors will be coming any moment  



  457 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Back to Hagrids! Harry said. Its empty now  
come on! 

They ran as fast as they could, Buckbeak cantering 
along behind them. They could hear the werewolf 
howling behind them. ... 

The cabin was in sight; Harry skidded to the door, 
wrenched it open, and Hermione and Buckbeak 
flashed past him; Harry threw himself in after them 
and bolted the door. Fang the boarhound barked 
loudly. 

Shh, Fang, its us! said Hermione, hurrying over and 
scratching his ears to quieten him. That was really 
close! she said to Harry. 

Yeah ... 

Harry was looking out of the window. It was much 
harder to see what was going on from here. Buckbeak 
seemed very happy to find himself back inside 
Hagrids house. He lay down in front of the fire, folded 
his wings contentedly, and seemed ready for a good 
nap. 

I think Id better go outside again, you know, said 
Harry slowly. I cant see whats going on  we wont 
know when its time   

Hermione looked up. Her expression was suspicious. 

Im not going to try and interfere, said Harry 
quickly. But if we dont see whats going on, howre 
we going to know when its time to rescue Sirius? 

Well ... okay, then ... Ill wait here with Buckbeak ... 
but Harry, be careful  theres a werewolf out there 
 and the dementors   

  458 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry stepped outside again and edged around the 
cabin. He could hear yelping in the distance. That 
meant the dementors were closing in on Sirius. ... He 
and Hermione would be running to him any moment. 



Harry stared out toward the lake, his heart doing a 
kind of drumroll in his chest. ... Whoever had sent 
that Patronus would be appearing at any moment. ... 

For a fraction of a second he stood, irresolute, in front 
of Hagrids door. You must not be seen. But he didnt 
want to be seen. He wanted to do the seeing. ... He 
had to know. . . . 

And there were the dementors. They were emerging 
out of the darkness from every direction, gliding 
around the edges of the lake. ... They were moving 
away from where Harry stood, to the opposite bank. 

... He wouldnt have to get near them. ... 

Harry began to run. He had no thought in his head 
except his father. ... If it was him ... if it really was 
him ... he had to know, had to find out. ... 

The lake was coming nearer and nearer, but there 
was no sign of anybody. On the opposite bank, he 
could see tiny glimmers of silver  his own attempts 
at a Patronus  

There was a bush at the very edge of the water. Harry 
threw himself behind it, peering desperately through 
the leaves. On the opposite bank, the glimmers of 
silver were suddenly extinguished. A terrified 
excitement shot through him  any moment now  

Come on! he muttered, staring about. Where are 
you? Dad, come on   



  459 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But no one came. Harry raised his head to look at the 
circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was 
lowering its hood. It was time for the rescuer to 
appear  but no one was coming to help this time  

And then it hit him  he understood. He hadnt seen 
his father  he had seen himself  

Harry flung himself out from behind the bush and 
pulled out his wand. 

EXPECTO PATRONUM  he yelled. 

And out of the end of his wand burst, not a shapeless 
cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal. 
He screwed up his eyes, trying to see what it was. It 
looked like a horse. It was galloping silently away 
from him, across the black surface of the lake. He 
saw it lower its head and charge at the swarming 
dementors. ... Now it was galloping around and 
around the black shapes on the ground, and the 
dementors were falling back, scattering, retreating 
into the darkness. ... They were gone. 

The Patronus turned. It was cantering back toward 
Harry across the still surface of the water. It wasnt a 
horse. It wasnt a unicorn, either. It was a stag. It was 
shining brightly as the moon above ... it was coming 
back to him. ... 

It stopped on the bank. Its hooves made no mark on 
the soft ground as it stared at Harry with its large, 
silver eyes. Slowly, it bowed its antlered head. And 
Harry realized . . . 

Prongs, he whispered. 

But as his trembling fingertips stretched toward the 
creature, it vanished. 

  460 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Harry stood there, hand still outstretched. Then, with 
a great leap of his heart, he heard hooves behind him 
 he whirled around and saw Hermione dashing 
toward him, dragging Buckbeak behind her. 

What did you do? she said fiercely. You said you 
were only going to keep a lookout! 

I just saved all our lives ... , said Harry. Get behind 
here  behind this bush  Ill explain. 

Hermione listened to what had just happened with 
her mouth open yet again. 

Did anyone see you? 

Yes, havent you been listening? I saw me but I 
thought I was my dad! Its okay! 

Harry, I cant believe it. ... You conjured up a 
Patronus that drove away all those dementors! Thats 
very, very advanced magic. ... 

I knew I could do it this time, said Harry, because 
Id already done it. ... Does that make sense? 

I dont know  Harry, look at Snape! 

Together they peered around the bush at the other 
bank. Snape had regained consciousness. He was 
conjuring stretchers and lifting the limp forms of 
Harry, Hermione, and Black onto them. A fourth 
stretcher, no doubt bearing Ron, was already floating 
at his side. Then, wand held out in front of him, he 
moved them away toward the castle. 

Right, its nearly time, said Hermione tensely, 
looking at her watch. Weve got about fortyfive 
minutes until Dumbledore locks the door to the 

  461 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




hospital wing. Weve got to rescue Sirius and get back 
into the ward before anybody realizes were missing. 



They waited, watching the moving clouds reflected in 
the lake, while the bush next to them whispered in 
the breeze. Buckbeak, bored, was ferreting for worms 
again. 

Dyou reckon hes up there yet? said Harry, 
checking his watch. He looked up at the castle and 
began counting the windows to the right of the West 
Tower. 

Look! Hermione whispered. Whos that? Someones 
coming back out of the castle! 

Harry stared through the darkness. The man was 
hurrying across the grounds, toward one of the 
entrances. Something shiny glinted in his belt. 

Macnair! said Harry. The executioner! Hes gone to 
get the dementors! This is it, Hermione   

Hermione put her hands on Buckbeaks back and 
Harry gave her a leg up. Then he placed his foot on 
one of the lower branches of the bush and climbed up 
in front of her. He pulled Buckbeaks rope back over 
his neck and tied it to the other side of his collar like 
reins. 

Ready? he whispered to Hermione. Youd better 
hold on to me   

He nudged Buckbeaks sides with his heels. 

Buckbeak soared straight into the dark air. Harry 
gripped his flanks with his knees, feeling the great 
wings rising powerfully beneath them. Hermione was 

  462 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




holding Harry very tight around the waist; he could 
hear her muttering, Oh, no  I dont like this  oh, I 
really dont like this   

Harry urged Buckbeak forward. They were gliding 
quietly toward the upper floors of the castle. ... Harry 
pulled hard on the lefthand side of the rope, and 
Buckbeak turned. Harry was trying to count the 
windows flashing past  

Whoa! he said, pulling backward as hard as he 
could. 

Buckbeak slowed down and they found themselves at 
a stop, unless you counted the fact that they kept 
rising up and down several feet as the hippogriff beat 
his wings to remain airborne. 

Hes there! Harry said, spotting Sirius as they rose 
up beside the window. He reached out, and as 
Buckbeaks wings fell, was able to tap sharply on the 
glass. 

Black looked up. Harry saw his jaw drop. He leapt 
from his chair, hurried to the window and tried to 
open it, but it was locked. 

Stand back! Hermione called to him, and she took 
out her wand, still gripping the back of Harrys robes 
with her left hand. 

Alohomoral 

The window sprang open. 

How  how  ? said Black weakly, staring at the 
hippogriff. 



  463 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Get on  theres not much time, said Harry, 
gripping Buckbeak firmly on either side of his sleek 
neck to hold him steady. Youve got to get out of here 

 the dementors are coming  Macnairs gone to get 
them. 

Black placed a hand on either side of the window 
frame and heaved his head and shoulders out of it. It 
was very lucky he was so thin. In seconds, he had 
managed to fling one leg over Buckbeaks back and 
pull himself onto the hippogriff behind Hermione. 

Okay, Buckbeak, up! said Harry, shaking the rope. 
Up to the tower  come on! 

The hippogriff gave one sweep of its mighty wings and 
they were soaring upward again, high as the top of 
the West Tower. Buckbeak landed with a clatter on 
the battlements, and Harry and Hermione slid off him 
at once. 

Sirius, youd better go, quick, Harry panted. Theyll 
reach Flitwicks office any moment, theyll find out 
youre gone. 

Buckbeak pawed the ground, tossing his sharp head. 

What happened to the other boy? Ron? croaked 
Sirius. 

Hes going to be okay. Hes still out of it, but Madam 
Pomfrey says shell be able to make him better. Quick 

 go 



But Black was still staring down at Harry. 

How can I ever thank   

GO! Harry and Hermione shouted together. 

  464 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Black wheeled Buckbeak around, facing the open sky. 

Well see each other again, he said. You are  truly 
your fathers son, Harry. ... 

He squeezed Buckbeaks sides with his heels. Harry 
and Hermione jumped back as the enormous wings 
rose once more. ... The hippogriff took off into the air. 

. . . He and his rider became smaller and smaller as 
Harry gazed after them ... then a cloud drifted across 
the moon. ... They were gone. 



  465 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   





OWL POST AGAIN 



Harry! 

Hermione was tugging at his sleeve, staring at her 
watch. Weve got exactly ten minutes to get back 
down to the hospital wing without anybody seeing us 
 before Dumbledore locks the door   

Okay, said Harry, wrenching his gaze from the sky, 
lets go. ... 

They slipped through the doorway behind them and 
down a tightly spiraling stone staircase. As they 
reached the bottom of it, they heard voices. They 
flattened themselves against the wall and listened. It 
sounded like Fudge and Snape. They were walking 
quickly along the corridor at the foot of the staircase. 

"... only hope Dumbledore s not going to make 
difficulties, Snape was saying. The Kiss will be 
performed immediately? 



  466 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   



As soon as Macnair returns with the dementors. This 
whole Black affair has been highly embarrassing. I 
cant tell you how much Im looking forward to 
informing the Daily Prophet that weve got him at last. 
...I daresay theyll want to interview you, Snape ... 
and once young Harrys back in his right mind, I 
expect hell want to tell the Prophet exactly how you 
saved him. ... 

Harry clenched his teeth. He caught a glimpse of 
Snapes smirk as he and Fudge passed Harry and 
Hermiones hiding place. Their footsteps died away. 
Harry and Hermione waited a few moments to make 
sure theyd really gone, then started to run in the 
opposite direction. Down one staircase, then another, 
along a new corridor  then they heard a cackling 
ahead. 

Peeves\ Harry muttered, grabbing Hermiones wrist. 
In here! 

They tore into a deserted classroom to their left just 
in time. Peeves seemed to be bouncing along the 
corridor in boisterous good spirits, laughing his head 
off. 

Oh, hes horrible, whispered Hermione, her ear to 
the door. I bet hes all excited because the dementors 
are going to finish off Sirius. ... She checked her 
watch. Three minutes, Harry! 

They waited until Peeves s gloating voice had faded 
into the distance, then slid back out of the room and 
broke into a run again. 

Hermione  whatll happen  if we dont get back 
inside  before Dumbledore locks the door? Harry 
panted. 



  467 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I dont want to think about it! Hermione moaned, 
checking her watch again. One minute! 

They had reached the end of the corridor with the 
hospital wing entrance. Okay  I can hear 
Dumbledore, said Hermione tensely. Come on, 
Harry! 

They crept along the corridor. The door opened. 
Dumbledore s back appeared. 

I am going to lock you in, they heard him saying. It 
is five minutes to midnight. Miss Granger, three turns 
should do it. Good luck. 

Dumbledore backed out of the room, closed the door, 
and took out his wand to magically lock it. Panicking, 
Harry and Hermione ran forward. Dumbledore looked 
up, and a wide smile appeared under the long silver 
mustache. Well? he said quietly. 

We did it! said Harry breathlessly. Sirius has gone, 
on Buckbeak. ... 

Dumbledore beamed at them. 

Well done. I think   He listened intently for any 
sound within the hospital wing. Yes, I think youve 
gone too  get inside  Ill lock you in   

Harry and Hermione slipped back inside the 
dormitory. It was empty except for Ron, who was still 
lying motionless in the end bed. As the lock clicked 
behind them, Harry and Hermione crept back to their 
own beds, Hermione tucking the TimeTurner back 
under her robes. A moment later, Madam Pomfrey 
came striding back out of her office. 



  468 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Did I hear the headmaster leaving? Am I allowed to 
look after my patients now? 

She was in a very bad mood. Harry and Hermione 
thought it best to accept their chocolate quietly. 
Madam Pomfrey stood over them, making sure they 
ate it. But Harry could hardly swallow. He and 
Hermione were waiting, listening, their nerves 
jangling. ... And then, as they both took a fourth piece 
of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, they heard a 
distant roar of fury echoing from somewhere above 
them. ... 

What was that? said Madam Pomfrey in alarm. 

Now they could hear angry voices, growing louder and 
louder. Madam Pomfrey was staring at the door. 

Really  theyll wake everybody up! What do they 
think theyre doing? 

Harry was trying to hear what the voices were saying. 
They were drawing nearer  

He must have Disapparated, Severus. We should 
have left somebody in the room with him. When this 
gets out   

HE DIDNT DISAPPARATE! Snape roared, now very 
close at hand. YOU CANT APPARATE OR 
DISAPPARATE INSIDE THIS CASTLE! THIS  HAS  
SOMETHING  TO  DO  WITH  POTTER! 

Severus  be reasonable  Harry has been locked 
up 

BAM. 

The door of the hospital wing burst open. 

  469 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Fudge, Snape, and Dumbledore came striding into the 
ward. Dumbledore alone looked calm. Indeed, he 
looked as though he was quite enjoying himself. 

Fudge appeared angry. But Snape was beside himself. 

OUT WITH IT, POTTER! he bellowed. WHAT DID 
YOU DO? 

Professor Snape! shrieked Madam Pomfrey. Control 
yourself! 

See here, Snape, be reasonable, said Fudge. This 
doors been locked, we just saw   

THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE, I KNOW IT! Snape 
howled, pointing at Harry and Hermione. His face was 
twisted; spit was flying from his mouth. 

Calm down, man! Fudge barked. Youre talking 
nonsense! 

YOU DONT KNOW POTTER! shrieked Snape. HE 
DID IT, I KNOW HE DID IT   

That will do, Severus, said Dumbledore quietly. 
Think about what you are saying. This door has been 
locked since I left the ward ten minutes ago. Madam 
Pomfrey, have these students left their beds? 

Of course not! said Madam Pomfrey, bristling. I 
would have heard them! 

Well, there you have it, Severus, said Dumbledore 
calmly. Unless you are suggesting that Harry and 
Hermione are able to be in two places at once, Im 
afraid I dont see any point in troubling them further. 

Snape stood there, seething, staring from Fudge, who 
looked thoroughly shocked at his behavior, to 

  470 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Dumbledore, whose eyes were twinkling behind his 
glasses. Snape whirled about, robes swishing behind 
him, and stormed out of the ward. 

Fellow seems quite unbalanced, said Fudge, staring 
after him. Id watch out for him if I were you, 
Dumbledore. 

Oh, hes not unbalanced, said Dumbledore quietly. 
Hes just suffered a severe disappointment. 

Hes not the only one! puffed Fudge. The Daily 
Prophets going to have a field day! We had Black 
cornered and he slipped through our fingers yet 
again! All it needs now is for the story of that 
hippogriffs escape to get out, and Ill be a 
laughingstock! Well ... Id better go and notify the 
Ministry. ... 

And the dementors? said Dumbledore. Theyll be 
removed from the school, I trust? 

Oh yes, theyll have to go, said Fudge, running his 
fingers distractedly through his hair. Never dreamed 
theyd attempt to administer the Kiss on an innocent 
boy. ... Completely out of control ... no, Ill have them 
packed off back to Azkaban tonight. ... Perhaps we 
should think about dragons at the school entrance. 



Hagrid would like that, said Dumbledore, smiling at 
Harry and Hermione. As he and Fudge left the 
dormitory, Madam Pomfrey hurried to the door and 
locked it again. Muttering angrily to herself, she 
headed back to her office. 

There was a low moan from the other end of the ward. 
Ron had woken up. They could see him sitting up, 
rubbing his head, looking around. 

  471 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




What  what happened? he groaned. Harry? Why 
are we in here? Wheres Sirius? Wheres Lupin? 

Whats going on? 

Harry and Hermione looked at each other. 

You explain, said Harry, helping himself to some 
more chocolate. 

When Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the hospital 
wing at noon the next day, it was to find an almost 
deserted castle. The sweltering heat and the end of 
the exams meant that everyone was taking full 
advantage of another Hogsmeade visit. Neither Ron 
nor Hermione felt like going, however, so they and 
Harry wandered onto the grounds, still talking about 
the extraordinary events of the previous night and 
wondering where Sirius and Buckbeak were now. 
Sitting near the lake, watching the giant squid waving 
its tentacles lazily above the water, Harry lost the 
thread of the conversation as he looked across to the 
opposite bank. The stag had galloped toward him 
from there just last night. ... 

A shadow fell across them and they looked up to see a 
very blearyeyed Hagrid, mopping his sweaty face with 
one of his tableclothsized handkerchiefs and 
beaming down at them. 

Know I shouldn feel happy, after wha happened las 
night, he said. I mean, Black escapin again, an 
everythin  but guess what? 

What? they said, pretending to look curious. 

Beaky! He escaped! Hes free! Bin celebratin all 
night! 



  472 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Thats wonderful! said Hermione, giving Ron a 
reproving look because he looked as though he was 
close to laughing. 

Yeah ... cantve tied him up properly, said Hagrid, 
gazing happily out over the grounds. I was worried 
this mornin, mind ... thought he mighta met 
Professor Lupin on the grounds, but Lupin says he 
never ate anythin las night. ... 

What? said Harry quickly. 

Blimey, haven yeh heard? said Hagrid, his smile 
fading a little. He lowered his voice, even though there 
was nobody in sight. Er  Snape told all the 
Slytherins this mornin. ... Thought everyone d know 
by now ... Professor Lupins a werewolf, see. An he 
was loose on the grounds las night. ... Hes packin 
now, o course. 

Hes packing? said Harry, alarmed. Why? 

Leavin, isn he? said Hagrid, looking surprised that 
Harry had to ask. Resigned firs thing this mornin. 
Says he cant risk it happenin again. 

Harry scrambled to his feet. 

Im going to see him, he said to Ron and Hermione. 
But if hes resigned   

  doesnt sound like theres anything we can do   

I dont care. I still want to see him. Ill meet you back 
here. 

Lupins office door was open. He had already packed 
most of his things. The grindylows empty tank stood 

  473 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




next to his battered old suitcase, which was open and 
nearly full. Lupin was bending over something on his 
desk and looked up only when Harry knocked on the 
door. 

I saw you coming, said Lupin, smiling. He pointed to 
the parchment he had been poring over. It was the 
Marauders Map. 

I just saw Hagrid, said Harry. And he said youd 
resigned. Its not true, is it? 

Im afraid it is, said Lupin. He started opening his 
desk drawers and taking out the contents. 

Why? said Harry. The Ministry of Magic dont think 
you were helping Sirius, do they? 

Lupin crossed to the door and closed it behind Harry. 

No. Professor Dumbledore managed to convince 
Fudge that I was trying to save your lives. He sighed. 
That was the final straw for Severus. I think the loss 
of the Order of Merlin hit him hard. So he  er  
accidentally let slip that I am a werewolf this morning 
at breakfast. 

Youre not leaving just because of that! said Harry. 
Lupin smiled wryly. 

This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving from 
parents. ... They will not want a werewolf teaching 
their children, Harry. And after last night, I see their 
point. I could have bitten any of you. ... That must 
never happen again. 

Youre the best Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher weve ever had! said Harry. Dont go! 

  474 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Lupin shook his head and didnt speak. He carried on 
emptying his drawers. Then, while Harry was trying 
to think of a good argument to make him stay, Lupin 
said, From what the headmaster told me this 
morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Harry. If 
Im proud of anything Ive done this year, its how 
much youve learned. ... Tell me about your 
Patronus. 

How dyou know about that? said Harry, distracted. 

What else could have driven the dementors back? 

Harry told Lupin what had happened. When hed 
finished, Lupin was smiling again. 

Yes, your father was always a stag when he 
transformed, he said. You guessed right ... thats 
why we called him Prongs. 

Lupin threw his last few books into his case, closed 
the desk drawers, and turned to look at Harry. 

Here  I brought this from the Shrieking Shack last 
night, he said, handing Harry back the Invisibility 
Cloak. And ... He hesitated, then held out the 
Marauders Map too. I am no longer your teacher, so 
I dont feel guilty about giving you back this as well. 
Its no use to me, and I daresay you, Ron, and 
Hermione will find uses for it. 

Harry took the map and grinned. 

You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs 
wouldve wanted to lure me out of school ... you said 
theyd have thought it was funny. 

And so we would have, said Lupin, now reaching 
down to close his case. I have no hesitation in saying 

  475 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




that James would have been highly disappointed if 
his son had never found any of the secret passages 
out of the castle. 

There was a knock on the door. Harry hastily stuffed 
the Marauders Map and the Invisibility Cloak into his 
pocket. 

It was Professor Dumbledore. He didnt look surprised 
to see Harry there. 

Your carriage is at the gates, Remus, he said. 

Thank you, Headmaster. 

Lupin picked up his old suitcase and the empty 
grindylow tank. 

Well  goodbye, Harry, he said, smiling. It has 
been a real pleasure teaching you. I feel sure well 
meet again sometime. Headmaster, there is no need 
to see me to the gates, I can manage. ... 

Harry had the impression that Lupin wanted to leave 
as quickly as possible. 

Goodbye, then, Remus, said Dumbledore soberly. 
Lupin shifted the grindylow tank slightly so that he 
and Dumbledore could shake hands. Then, with a 
final nod to Harry and a swift smile, Lupin left the 
office. 

Harry sat down in his vacated chair, staring glumly at 
the floor. He heard the door close and looked up. 
Dumbledore was still there. 

Why so miserable, Harry? he said quietly. You 
should be very proud of yourself after last night. 



  476 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




It didnt make any difference, said Harry bitterly. 
Pettigrew got away. 

Didnt make any difference? said Dumbledore 
quietly. It made all the difference in the world, Harry. 
You helped uncover the truth. You saved an innocent 
man from a terrible fate. 

Terrible. Something stirred in Harrys memory. 

Greater and more terrible than ever before ... Professor 
Trelawneys prediction! 

Professor Dumbledore  yesterday, when I was 
having my Divination exam, Professor Trelawney went 
very  very strange. 

Indeed? said Dumbledore. Er  stranger than 
usual, you mean? 

Yes . . . her voice went all deep and her eyes rolled 
and she said ... she said Voldemorts servant was 
going to set out to return to him before midnight. ... 
She said the servant would help him come back to 
power. Harry stared up at Dumbledore. And then 
she sort of became normal again, and she couldnt 
remember anything shed said. Was it  was she 
making a real prediction? 

Dumbledore looked mildly impressed. 

Do you know, Harry, I think she might have been, 
he said thoughtfully. Whod have thought it? That 
brings her total of real predictions up to two. I should 
offer her a pay raise. ... 

But   Harry looked at him, aghast. How could 
Dumbledore take this so calmly? 



  477 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




But  I stopped Sirius and Professor Lupin from 
killing Pettigrew! That makes it my fault if Voldemort 
comes back! 



It does not, said Dumbledore quietly. Hasnt your 
experience with the TimeTurner taught you anything, 
Harry? The consequences of our actions are always so 
complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a 
very difficult business indeed. ... Professor Trelawney, 
bless her, is living proof of that. ... You did a very 
noble thing, in saving Pettigrews life. 

But if he helps Voldemort back to power  ! 

Pettigrew owes his life to you. You have sent 
Voldemort a deputy who is in your debt. ... When one 
wizard saves another wizards life, it creates a certain 
bond between them ... and Im much mistaken if 
Voldemort wants his servant in the debt of Harry 
Potter. 

I dont want a connection with Pettigrew! said Harry. 
He betrayed my parents! 

This is magic at its deepest, its most impenetrable, 
Harry. But trust me ... the time may come when you 
will be very glad you saved Pettigrews life. 

Harry couldnt imagine when that would be. 
Dumbledore looked as though he knew what Harry 
was thinking. 

I knew your father very well, both at Hogwarts and 
later, Harry, he said gently. He would have saved 
Pettigrew too, I am sure of it. 

Harry looked up at him. Dumbledore wouldnt laugh 
 he could tell Dumbledore . . . 

  478 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




I thought it was my dad whod conjured my 
Patronus. I mean, when I saw myself across the lake 
...I thought I was seeing him. 

An easy mistake to make, said Dumbledore softly. I 
expect you 11 tire of hearing it, but you do look 
extraordinarily like James. Except for the eyes ... you 
have your mothers eyes. 

Harry shook his head. 

It was stupid, thinking it was him, he muttered. I 
mean, I knew he was dead. 

You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You 
think that we dont recall them more clearly than ever 
in times of great trouble? Your father is alive in you, 
Harry, and shows himself most plainly when you have 
need of him. How else could you produce that 
particular Patronus? Prongs rode again last night. 

It took a moment for Harry to realize what 
Dumbledore had said. 

Last night Sirius told me all about how they became 
Animagi, said Dumbledore, smiling. An 
extraordinary achievement  not least, keeping it 
quiet from me. And then I remembered the most 
unusual form your Patronus took, when it charged 
Mr. Malfoy down at your Quidditch match against 
Ravenclaw. You know, Harry, in a way, you did see 
your father last night. ... You found him inside 
yourself. 

And Dumbledore left the office, leaving Harry to his 
very confused thoughts. 



  479 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Nobody at Hogwarts now knew the truth of what had 
happened the night that Sirius, Buckbeak, and 
Pettigrew had vanished except Harry, Ron, Hermione, 
and Professor Dumbledore. As the end of term 
approached, Harry heard many different theories 
about what had really happened, but none of them 
came close to the truth. 

Malfoy was furious about Buckbeak. He was 
convinced that Hagrid had found a way of smuggling 
the hippogriff to safety, and seemed outraged that he 
and his father had been outwitted by a gamekeeper. 
Percy Weasley, meanwhile, had much to say on the 
subject of Siriuss escape. 

If I manage to get into the Ministry, Ill have a lot of 
proposals to make about Magical Law Enforcement! 
he told the only person who would listen  his 
girlfriend, Penelope. 

Though the weather was perfect, though the 
atmosphere was so cheerful, though he knew they 
had achieved the near impossible in helping Sirius to 
freedom, Harry had never approached the end of a 
school year in worse spirits. 

He certainly wasnt the only one who was sorry to see 
Professor Lupin go. The whole of Harrys Defense 
Against the Dark Arts class was miserable about his 
resignation. 

Wonder what theyll give us next year? said Seamus 
Finnigan gloomily. 

Maybe a vampire, suggested Dean Thomas 
hopefully. 

It wasnt only Professor Lupins departure that was 
weighing on Harrys mind. He couldnt help thinking a 

  480 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




lot about Professor Trelawneys prediction. He kept 
wondering where Pettigrew was now, whether he had 
sought sanctuary with Voldemort yet. But the thing 
that was lowering Harrys spirits most of all was the 
prospect of returning to the Dursleys. For maybe half 
an hour, a glorious half hour, he had believed he 
would be living with Sirius from now on . . . his 
parents best friend. ... It would have been the next 
best thing to having his own father back. And while 
no news of Sirius was definitely good news, because it 
meant he had successfully gone into hiding, Harry 
couldnt help feeling miserable when he thought of 
the home he might have had, and the fact that it was 
now impossible. 

The exam results came out on the last day of term. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had passed every subject. 
Harry was amazed that he had got through Potions. 
He had a shrewd suspicion that Dumbledore might 
have stepped in to stop Snape failing him on purpose. 
Snapes behavior toward Harry over the past week 
had been quite alarming. Harry wouldnt have 
thought it possible that Snapes dislike for him could 
increase, but it certainly had. A muscle twitched 
unpleasantly at the corner of Snapes thin mouth 
every time he looked at Harry, and he was constantly 
flexing his fingers, as though itching to place them 
around Harrys throat. 

Percy had got his topgrade N.E.W.T.s; Fred and 
George had scraped a handful of O.W.L.s each. 
Gryffindor House, meanwhile, largely thanks to their 
spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup, had 
won the House championship for the third year 
running. This meant that the end of term feast took 
place amid decorations of scarlet and gold, and that 
the Gryffindor table was the noisiest of the lot, as 
everybody celebrated. Even Harry managed to forget 



  481 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




about the journey back to the Dursleys the next day 
as he ate, drank, talked, and laughed with the rest. 



As the Hogwarts Express pulled out of the station the 
next morning, Hermione gave Harry and Ron some 
surprising news. 

I went to see Professor McGonagall this morning, just 
before breakfast. Ive decided to drop Muggle Studies. 

But you passed your exam with three hundred and 
twenty percent! said Ron. 

I know, sighed Hermione, but I cant stand another 
year like this one. That TimeTurner, it was driving 
me mad. Ive handed it in. Without Muggle Studies 
and Divination, Ill be able to have a normal schedule 
again. 

I still cant believe you didnt tell us about it, said 
Ron grumpily. Were supposed to be your friends. 

I promised I wouldnt tell anyone, said Hermione 
severely. She looked around at Harry, who was 
watching Hogwarts disappear from view behind a 
mountain. Two whole months before hed see it again. 



Oh, cheer up, Harry! said Hermione sadly. 

Im okay, said Harry quickly. Just thinking about 
the holidays. 

Yeah, Ive been thinking about them too, said Ron. 
Harry, youve got to come and stay with us. Ill fix it 
up with Mum and Dad, then Ill call you. I know how 
to use a fellytone now   

  482 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




A telephone, Ron, said Hermione. Honestly, you 
should take Muggle Studies next year. ... 

Ron ignored her. 

Its the Quidditch World Cup this summer! How 
about it, Harry? Come and stay, and well go and see 
it! Dad can usually get tickets from work. 

This proposal had the effect of cheering Harry up a 
great deal. 

Yeah ... I bet the Dursleysd be pleased to let me 
come ... especially after what I did to Aunt Marge. ... 

Feeling considerably more cheerful, Harry joined Ron 
and Hermione in several games of Exploding Snap, 
and when the witch with the tea cart arrived, he 
bought himself a very large lunch, though nothing 
with chocolate in it. 

But it was late in the afternoon before the thing that 
made him truly happy turned up. ... 

Harry, said Hermione suddenly, peering over his 
shoulder. Whats that thing outside your window? 

Harry turned to look outside. Something very small 
and gray was bobbing in and out of sight beyond the 
glass. He stood up for a better look and saw that it 
was a tiny owl, carrying a letter that was much too 
big for it. The owl was so small, in fact, that it kept 
tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in 
the trains slipstream. Harry quickly pulled down the 
window, stretched out his arm, and caught it. It felt 
like a very fluffy Snitch. He brought it carefully inside. 
The owl dropped its letter onto Harrys seat and began 
zooming around their compartment, apparently very 
pleased with itself for accomplishing its task. Hedwig 
  483 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




clicked her beak with a sort of dignified disapproval. 
Crookshanks sat up in his seat, following the owl with 
his great yellow eyes. Ron, noticing this, snatched the 
owl safely out of harms way. 

Harry picked up the letter. It was addressed to him. 

He ripped open the letter, and shouted, Its from 
Sirius! 

What? said Ron and Hermione excitedly. Read it 
aloud! 

Dear Harry, 

I hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and 
uncle. I dont know whether theyre used to owl post 

Buckbeak and I are in hiding. I wont tell you where, in 
case this owl falls into the wrong hands. I have some 
doubt about his reliability, but he is the best I could 
find, and he did seem eager for the job. 

I believe the dementors are still searching for me, but 
they havent a hope of finding me here. I am planning 
to allow some Muggles to glimpse me soon, a long way 
from Hogwarts, so that the security on the castle will 
be lifted. 

There is something I never got around to telling you 
during our brief meeting. It was I who sent you the 
Firebolt  

Ha! said Hermione triumphantly. See! I told you it 
was from him! 

Yes, but he hadnt jinxed it, had he? said Ron. 
Ouch! The tiny owl, now hooting happily in his 
hand, had nibbled one of his fingers in what it 
seemed to think was an affectionate way. 

  484 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Crookshanks took the order to the Owl Office for me. I 
used your name but told them to take the gold from my 
own Gringotts vault. Please consider it as thirteen 
birthdays worth of presents from your godfather. 

I would also like to apologize for the fright I think I 
gave you that night last year when you left your 
uncles house. I had only hoped to get a glimpse of you 
before starting my journey north, but I think the sight 
of me alarmed you. 

I am enclosing something else for you, which I think 
will make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable. 

If ever you need me, send word. Your owl will find me. 

Ill write again soon. 

Sirius 

Harry looked eagerly inside the envelope. There was 
another piece of parchment in there. He read it 
through quickly and felt suddenly as warm and 
contented as though hed swallowed a bottle of hot 
butterbeer in one gulp. 

I, Sirius Black, Harry Potters godfather, hereby give 
him permission to visit Hogsmeade on weekends. 

Thatll be good enough for Dumbledore! said Harry 
happily. He looked back at Siriuss letter. 

Hang on, theres a P.S. ... 

I thought your friend Ron might like to keep this owl, 
as its my fault he no longer has a rat. 

Rons eyes widened. The minute owl was still hooting 
excitedly. 

  485 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Keep him? he said uncertainly. He looked closely at 
the owl for a moment; then, to Harrys and 
Hermiones great surprise, he held him out for 
Crookshanks to sniff. 

What doyou reckon? Ron asked the cat. Definitely 
an owl? 

Crookshanks purred. 

Thats good enough for me, said Ron happily. Hes 
mine. 

Harry read and reread the letter from Sirius all the 
way back into Kings Cross station. It was still 
clutched tightly in his hand as he, Ron, and 
Hermione stepped back through the barrier of 
platform nine and threequarters. Harry spotted 
Uncle Vernon at once. He was standing a good 
distance from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, eyeing them 
suspiciously, and when Mrs. Weasley hugged Harry in 
greeting, his worst suspicions about them seemed 
confirmed. 

Ill call about the World Cup! Ron yelled after Harry 
as Harry bid him and Hermione goodbye, then 
wheeled the trolley bearing his trunk and Hedwigs 
cage toward Uncle Vernon, who greeted him in his 
usual fashion. 

Whats that? he snarled, staring at the envelope 
Harry was still clutching in his hand. If its another 
form for me to sign, youve got another   

Its not, said Harry cheerfully. Its a letter from my 
godfather. 

Godfather? sputtered Uncle Vernon. You havent 
got a godfather! 

  486 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   




Yes, I have, said Harry brightly. He was my mum 
and dads best friend. Hes a convicted murderer, but 
hes broken out of wizard prison and hes on the run. 
He likes to keep in touch with me, though ... keep up 
with my news ... check if Im happy. ... 

And, grinning broadly at the look of horror on Uncle 
Vernons face, Harry set off toward the station exit, 
Hedwig rattling along in front of him, for what looked 
like a much better summer than the last. 



  487 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban   


THE RIDDLE HOUSE 

The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it the 
Riddle House, even though it had been many years 
since the Riddle family had lived there. It stood on a 
hill overlooking the village, some of its windows 
boarded, tiles missing from its roof, and ivy spreading 
unchecked over its face. Once a finelooking manor, 
and easily the largest and grandest building for miles 
around, the Riddle House was now damp, derelict, 
and unoccupied. 

The Little Hangletons all agreed that the old house 
was creepy. Half a century ago, something strange 
and horrible had happened there, something that the 
older inhabitants of the village still liked to discuss 
when topics for gossip were scarce. The story had 
been picked over so many times, and had been 
embroidered in so many places, that nobody was 
quite sure what the truth was anymore. Every version 
of the tale, however, started in the same place: Fifty 
years before, at daybreak on a fine summers 
morning, when the Riddle House had still been well 



  2 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



kept and impressive, a maid had entered the drawing 
room to find all three Riddles dead. 

The maid had run screaming down the hill into the 
village and roused as many people as she could. 

Lying there with their eyes wide open! Cold as ice! 
Still in their dinner things! 

The police were summoned, and the whole of Little 
Hangleton had seethed with shocked curiosity and ill 
disguised excitement. Nobody wasted their breath 
pretending to feel very sad about the Riddles, for they 
had been most unpopular. Elderly Mr. and Mrs. 
Riddle had been rich, snobbish, and rude, and their 
grownup son, Tom, had been, if anything, worse. All 
the villagers cared about was the identity of their 
murderer  for plainly, three apparently healthy 
people did not all drop dead of natural causes on the 
same night. 

The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring trade 
that night; the whole village seemed to have turned 
out to discuss the murders. They were rewarded for 
leaving their firesides when the Riddles cook arrived 
dramatically in their midst and announced to the 
suddenly silent pub that a man called Frank Bryce 
had just been arrested. 

Frank! cried several people. Never! 

Frank Bryce was the Riddles gardener. He lived alone 
in a rundown cottage on the grounds of the Riddle 
House. Frank had come back from the war with a 
very stiff leg and a great dislike of crowds and loud 
noises, and had been working for the Riddles ever 
since. 



  3 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




There was a rush to buy the cook drinks and hear 
more details. 



Always thought he was odd, she told the eagerly 
listening villagers, after her fourth sherry. 

Unfriendly, like. Im sure if Ive offered him a cuppa 
once, Ive offered it a hundred times. Never wanted to 
mix, he didnt. 

Ah, now, said a woman at the bar, he had a hard 
war, Frank. He likes the quiet life. Thats no reason to 



Who else had a key to the back door, then? barked 
the cook. Theres been a spare key hanging in the 
gardeners cottage far back as I can remember! 
Nobody forced the door last night! No broken 
windows! All Frank had to do was creep up to the big 
house while we was all sleeping. ... 

The villagers exchanged dark looks. 

I always thought he had a nasty look about him, 
right enough, grunted a man at the bar. 

War turned him funny, if you ask me, said the 
landlord. 

Told you I wouldnt like to get on the wrong side of 
Frank, didnt I, Dot? said an excited woman in the 
corner. 

Horrible temper, said Dot, nodding fervently. I 
remember, when he was a kid ... 

By the following morning, hardly anyone in Little 
Hangleton doubted that Frank Bryce had killed the 
Riddles. 



  4 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But over in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton, 
in the dark and dingy police station, Frank was 
stubbornly repeating, again and again, that he was 
innocent, and that the only person he had seen near 
the house on the day of the Riddles deaths had been 
a teenage boy, a stranger, darkhaired and pale. 
Nobody else in the village had seen any such boy, and 
the police were quite sure that Frank had invented 
him. 

Then, just when things were looking very serious for 
Frank, the report on the Riddles bodies came back 
and changed everything. 

The police had never read an odder report. A team of 
doctors had examined the bodies and had concluded 
that none of the Riddles had been poisoned, stabbed, 
shot, strangled, suffocated, or (as far as they could 
tell) harmed at all. In fact (the report continued, in a 
tone of unmistakable bewilderment), the Riddles all 
appeared to be in perfect health  apart from the fact 
that they were all dead. The doctors did note (as 
though determined to find something wrong with the 
bodies) that each of the Riddles had a look of terror 
upon his or her face  but as the frustrated police 
said, whoever heard of three people being frightened 
to death? 

As there was no proof that the Riddles had been 
murdered at all, the police were forced to let Frank go. 
The Riddles were buried in the Little Hangleton 
churchyard, and their graves remained objects of 
curiosity for a while. To everyones surprise, and amid 
a cloud of suspicion, Frank Bryce returned to his 
cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House. 

 S far as Im concerned, he killed them, and I dont 
care what the police say, said Dot in the Hanged 



  5 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Man. And if he had any decency, hed leave here, 
knowing as how we knows he did it. 

But Frank did not leave. He stayed to tend the garden 
for the next family who lived in the Riddle House, and 
then the next  for neither family stayed long. 

Perhaps it was partly because of Frank that the new 
owners said there was a nasty feeling about the place, 
which, in the absence of inhabitants, started to fall 
into disrepair. 

The wealthy man who owned the Riddle House these 
days neither lived there nor put it to any use; they 
said in the village that he kept it for tax reasons, 
though nobody was very clear what these might be. 
The wealthy owner continued to pay Frank to do the 
gardening, however. Frank was nearing his seventy 
seventh birthday now, very deaf, his bad leg stiffer 
than ever, but could be seen pottering around the 
flower beds in fine weather, even though the weeds 
were starting to creep up on him, try as he might to 
suppress them. 

Weeds were not the only things Frank had to contend 
with either. Boys from the village made a habit of 
throwing stones through the windows of the Riddle 
House. They rode their bicycles over the lawns Frank 
worked so hard to keep smooth. Once or twice, they 
broke into the old house for a dare. They knew that 
old Franks devotion to the house and grounds 
amounted almost to an obsession, and it amused 
them to see him limping across the garden, 
brandishing his stick and yelling croakily at them. 
Frank, for his part, believed the boys tormented him 
because they, like their parents and grandparents, 
thought him a murderer. So when Frank awoke one 
night in August and saw something very odd up at 
the old house, he merely assumed that the boys had 
gone one step further in their attempts to punish him. 
  6 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




It was Franks bad leg that woke him; it was paining 
him worse than ever in his old age. He got up and 
limped downstairs into the kitchen with the idea of 
refilling his hotwater bottle to ease the stiffness in 
his knee. Standing at the sink, filling the kettle, he 
looked up at the Riddle House and saw lights 
glimmering in its upper windows. Frank knew at once 
what was going on. The boys had broken into the 
house again, and judging by the flickering quality of 
the light, they had started a fire. 

Frank had no telephone, and in any case, he had 
deeply mistrusted the police ever since they had 
taken him in for questioning about the Riddles 
deaths. He put down the kettle at once, hurried back 
upstairs as fast as his bad leg would allow, and was 
soon back in his kitchen, fully dressed and removing 
a rusty old key from its hook by the door. He picked 
up his walking stick, which was propped against the 
wall, and set off into the night. 

The front door of the Riddle House bore no sign of 
being forced, nor did any of the windows. Frank 
limped around to the back of the house until he 
reached a door almost completely hidden by ivy, took 
out the old key, put it into the lock, and opened the 
door noiselessly. 

He let himself into the cavernous kitchen. Frank had 
not entered it for many years; nevertheless, although 
it was very dark, he remembered where the door into 
the hall was, and he groped his way toward it, his 
nostrils full of the smell of decay, ears pricked for any 
sound of footsteps or voices from overhead. He 
reached the hall, which was a little lighter owing to 
the large mullioned windows on either side of the 
front door, and started to climb the stairs, blessing 
the dust that lay thick upon the stone, because it 
muffled the sound of his feet and stick. 

  7 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




On the landing, Frank turned right, and saw at once 
where the intruders were: At the very end of the 
passage a door stood ajar, and a flickering light shone 
through the gap, casting a long sliver of gold across 
the black floor. Frank edged closer and closer, 
grasping his walking stick firmly. Several feet from 
the entrance, he was able to see a narrow slice of the 
room beyond. 

The fire, he now saw, had been lit in the grate. This 
surprised him. Then he stopped moving and listened 
intently, for a mans voice spoke within the room; it 
sounded timid and fearful. 

There is a little more in the bottle, My Lord, if you 
are still hungry. 

Later, said a second voice. This too belonged to a 
man  but it was strangely highpitched, and cold as 
a sudden blast of icy wind. Something about that 
voice made the sparse hairs on the back of Franks 
neck stand up. Move me closer to the fire, Wormtail. 

Frank turned his right ear toward the door, the better 
to hear. There came the clink of a bottle being put 
down upon some hard surface, and then the dull 
scraping noise of a heavy chair being dragged across 
the floor. Frank caught a glimpse of a small man, his 
back to the door, pushing the chair into place. He was 
wearing a long black cloak, and there was a bald 
patch at the back of his head. Then he went out of 
sight again. 

Where is Nagini? said the cold voice. 

I  I dont know, My Lord, said the first voice 
nervously. She set out to explore the house, I think. 



  8 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You will milk her before we retire, Wormtail, said 
the second voice. I will need feeding in the night. The 
journey has tired me greatly. 

Brow furrowed, Frank inclined his good ear still closer 
to the door, listening very hard. There was a pause, 
and then the man called Wormtail spoke again. 

My Lord, may I ask how long we are going to stay 
here? 

A week, said the cold voice. Perhaps longer. The 
place is moderately comfortable, and the plan cannot 
proceed yet. It would be foolish to act before the 
Quidditch World Cup is over. 

Frank inserted a gnarled finger into his ear and 
rotated it. Owing, no doubt, to a buildup of earwax, 
he had heard the word Quidditch, which was not a 
word at all. 

The  the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord? said 
Wormtail. (Frank dug his finger still more vigorously 
into his ear.) Forgive me, but  I do not understand 
 why should we wait until the World Cup is over? 

Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are 
pouring into the country from all over the world, and 
every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on 
duty, on the watch for signs of unusual activity, 
checking and doublechecking identities. They will be 
obsessed with security, lest the Muggles notice 
anything. So we wait. 

Frank stopped trying to clear out his ear. He had 
distinctly heard the words Ministry of Magic, 
wizards, and Muggles. Plainly, each of these 
expressions meant something secret, and Frank could 
think of only two sorts of people who would speak in 
  9 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




code: spies and criminals. Frank tightened his hold 
on his walking stick once more, and listened more 
closely still. 

Your Lordship is still determined, then? Wormtail 
said quietly. 

Certainly I am determined, Wormtail. There was a 
note of menace in the cold voice now. 

A slight pause followed  and then Wormtail spoke, 
the words tumbling from him in a rush, as though he 
was forcing himself to say this before he lost his 
nerve. 

It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord. 

Another pause, more protracted, and then  

Without Harry Potter? breathed the second voice 
softly. I see ... 

My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy! 
said Wormtail, his voice rising squeakily. The boy is 
nothing to me, nothing at all! It is merely that if we 
were to use another witch or wizard  any wizard  
the thing could be done so much more quickly! If you 
allowed me to leave you for a short while  you know 
that I can disguise myself most effectively  I could 
be back here in as little as two days with a suitable 
person   

I could use another wizard, said the cold voice 
softly, that is true. ... 

My Lord, it makes sense, said Wormtail, sounding 
thoroughly relieved now. Laying hands on Harry 
Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected   



  10 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And so you volunteer to go and fetch me a 
substitute? I wonder . . . perhaps the task of nursing 
me has become wearisome for you, Wormtail? Could 
this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing 
more than an attempt to desert me? 

My Lord! I  I have no wish to leave you, none at all 



Do not lie to me! hissed the second voice. I can 
always tell, Wormtail! You are regretting that you ever 
returned to me. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you 
look at me, feel you shudder when you touch me. ... 

No! My devotion to Your Lordship   

Your devotion is nothing more than cowardice. You 
would not be here if you had anywhere else to go. 

How am I to survive without you, when I need feeding 
every few hours? Who is to milk Nagini? 

But you seem so much stronger, My Lord   

Liar, breathed the second voice. I am no stronger, 
and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of 
the little health I have regained under your clumsy 
care. Silencel 

Wormtail, who had been sputtering incoherently, fell 
silent at once. For a few seconds, Frank could hear 
nothing but the fire crackling. Then the second man 
spoke once more, in a whisper that was almost a hiss. 

I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have 
already explained to you, and I will use no other. I 
have waited thirteen years. A few more months will 
make no difference. As for the protection surrounding 
the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that is 
needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail  

  11 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full 
extent of Lord Voldemorts wrath   

My Lord, I must speak! said Wormtail, panic in his 
voice now. All through our journey I have gone over 
the plan in my head  My Lord, Bertha Jorkinss 
disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if 
we proceed, if I murder   

IP whispered the second voice. If? If you follow the 
plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that 
anyone else has died. You will do it quietly and 
without fuss; I only wish that I could do it myself, but 
in my present condition ... Come, Wormtail, one more 
death and our path to Harry Potter is clear. I am not 
asking you to do it alone. By that time, my faithful 
servant will have rejoined us   

I am a faithful servant, said Wormtail, the merest 
trace of sullenness in his voice. 

Wormtail, I need somebody with brains, somebody 
whose loyalty has never wavered, and you, 
unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement. 

I found you, said Wormtail, and there was definitely 
a sulky edge to his voice now. I was the one who 
found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins. 

That is true, said the second man, sounding 
amused. A stroke of brilliance I would not have 
thought possible from you, Wormtail  though, if 
truth be told, you were not aware how useful she 
would be when you caught her, were you? 

I  I thought she might be useful, My Lord   

Liar, said the second voice again, the cruel 
amusement more pronounced than ever. However, I 

  12 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




do not deny that her information was invaluable. 
Without it, I could never have formed our plan, and 
for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail. I will 
allow you to perform an essential task for me, one 
that many of my followers would give their right 
hands to perform. ... 

Rreally, My Lord? What  ? Wormtail sounded 
terrified again. 

Ah, Wormtail, you dont want me to spoil the 
surprise? Your part will come at the very end ... but I 
promise you, you will have the honor of being just as 
useful as Bertha Jorkins. 

You ... you ... Wormtails voice suddenly sounded 
hoarse, as though his mouth had gone very dry. You 
. . . are going ... to kill me too? 

Wormtail, Wormtail, said the cold voice silkily, why 
would I kill you? I killed Bertha because I had to. She 
was fit for nothing after my questioning, quite 
useless. In any case, awkward questions would have 
been asked if she had gone back to the Ministry with 
the news that she had met you on her holidays. 
Wizards who are supposed to be dead would do well 
not to run into Ministry of Magic witches at wayside 
inns. ... 

Wormtail muttered something so quietly that Frank 
could not hear it, but it made the second man laugh 
 an entirely mirthless laugh, cold as his speech. 

We could have modified her memory? But Memory 
Charms can be broken by a powerful wizard, as I 
proved when I questioned her. It would be an insult to 
her memory not to use the information I extracted 
from her, Wormtail. 



  13 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Out in the corridor, Frank suddenly became aware 
that the hand gripping his walking stick was slippery 
with sweat. The man with the cold voice had killed a 
woman. He was talking about it without any kind of 
remorse  with amusement. He was dangerous  a 
madman. And he was planning more murders  this 
boy, Harry Potter, whoever he was  was in danger  

Frank knew what he must do. Now, if ever, was the 
time to go to the police. He would creep out of the 
house and head straight for the telephone box in the 
village . . . but the cold voice was speaking again, and 
Frank remained where he was, frozen to the spot, 
listening with all his might. 

One more murder . . . my faithful servant at Hogwarts 
... Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. It is 
decided. There will be no more argument. But quiet ... 
I think I hear Nagini. ... 

And the second mans voice changed. He started 
making noises such as Frank had never heard before; 
he was hissing and spitting without drawing breath. 
Frank thought he must be having some sort of fit or 
seizure. 

And then Frank heard movement behind him in the 
dark passageway. He turned to look, and found 
himself paralyzed with fright. 

Something was slithering toward him along the dark 
corridor floor, and as it drew nearer to the sliver of 
firelight, he realized with a thrill of terror that it was a 
gigantic snake, at least twelve feet long. Horrified, 
transfixed, Frank stared as its undulating body cut a 
wide, curving track through the thick dust on the 
floor, coming closer and closer  What was he to do? 
The only means of escape was into the room where 



  14 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




two men sat plotting murder, yet if he stayed where 
he was the snake would surely kill him  

But before he had made his decision, the snake was 
level with him, and then, incredibly, miraculously, it 
was passing; it was following the spitting, hissing 
noises made by the cold voice beyond the door, and in 
seconds, the tip of its diamondpatterned tail had 
vanished through the gap. 

There was sweat on Franks forehead now, and the 
hand on the walking stick was trembling. Inside the 
room, the cold voice was continuing to hiss, and 
Frank was visited by a strange idea, an impossible 
idea. . . . This man could talk to snakes. 

Frank didnt understand what was going on. He 
wanted more than anything to be back in his bed with 
his hotwater bottle. The problem was that his legs 
didnt seem to want to move. As he stood there 
shaking and trying to master himself, the cold voice 
switched abruptly to English again. 

Nagini has interesting news, Wormtail, it said. 

Inindeed, My Lord? said Wormtail. 

Indeed, yes, said the voice. According to Nagini, 
there is an old Muggle standing right outside this 
room, listening to every word we say. 

Frank didnt have a chance to hide himself. There 
were footsteps, and then the door of the room was 
flung wide open. 

A short, balding man with graying hair, a pointed 
nose, and small, watery eyes stood before Frank, a 
mixture of fear and alarm in his face. 



  15 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Invite him inside, Wormtail. Where are your 
manners? 

The cold voice was coming from the ancient armchair 
before the fire, but Frank couldnt see the speaker. 
The snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the 
rotting hearth rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet 
dog. 

Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room. Though still 
deeply shaken, Frank took a firmer grip upon his 
walking stick and limped over the threshold. 

The fire was the only source of light in the room; it 
cast long, spidery shadows upon the walls. Frank 
stared at the back of the armchair; the man inside it 
seemed to be even smaller than his servant, for Frank 
couldnt even see the back of his head. 

You heard everything, Muggle? said the cold voice. 

Whats that youre calling me? said Frank defiantly, 
for now that he was inside the room, now that the 
time had come for some sort of action, he felt braver; 
it had always been so in the war. 

I am calling you a Muggle, said the voice coolly. It 
means that you are not a wizard. 

I dont know what you mean by wizard, said Frank, 
his voice growing steadier. All I know is Ive heard 
enough to interest the police tonight, I have. Youve 
done murder and youre planning more! And Ill tell 
you this too, he added, on a sudden inspiration, my 
wife knows Im up here, and if I dont come back   

You have no wife, said the cold voice, very quietly. 
Nobody knows you are here. You told nobody that 



  16 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, 
Muggle, for he knows ... he always knows. ... 

Is that right? said Frank roughly. Lord, is it? Well, I 
dont think much of your manners, My Lord. Turn 
round and face me like a man, why dont you? 

But I am not a man, Muggle, said the cold voice, 
barely audible now over the crackling of the flames. I 
am much, much more than a man. However ... why 
not? I will face you. ... Wormtail, come turn my chair 
around. 

The servant gave a whimper. 

You heard me, Wormtail. 

Slowly, with his face screwed up, as though he would 
rather have done anything than approach his master 
and the hearth rug where the snake lay, the small 
man walked forward and began to turn the chair. The 
snake lifted its ugly triangular head and hissed 
slightly as the legs of the chair snagged on its rug. 

And then the chair was facing Frank, and he saw 
what was sitting in it. His walking stick fell to the 
floor with a clatter. He opened his mouth and let out 
a scream. He was screaming so loudly that he never 
heard the words the thing in the chair spoke as it 
raised a wand. There was a flash of green light, a 
rushing sound, and Frank Bryce crumpled. He was 
dead before he hit the floor. 

Two hundred miles away, the boy called Harry Potter 
woke with a start. 



  17 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE SCAR 

Harry lay flat on his back, breathing hard as though 
he had been running. He had awoken from a vivid 
dream with his hands pressed over his face. The old 
scar on his forehead, which was shaped like a bolt of 
lightning, was burning beneath his fingers as though 
someone had just pressed a whitehot wire to his 
skin. 

He sat up, one hand still on his scar, the other 
reaching out in the darkness for his glasses, which 
were on the bedside table. He put them on and his 
bedroom came into clearer focus, lit by a faint, misty 
orange light that was filtering through the curtains 
from the street lamp outside the window. 

Harry ran his fingers over the scar again. It was still 
painful. He turned on the lamp beside him, scrambled 
out of bed, crossed the room, opened his wardrobe, 
and peered into the mirror on the inside of the door. A 
skinny boy of fourteen looked back at him, his bright 
green eyes puzzled under his untidy black hair. He 



  18 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



examined the lightningbolt scar of his reflection more 
closely. It looked normal, but it was still stinging. 

Harry tried to recall what he had been dreaming 
about before he had awoken. It had seemed so real. ... 
There had been two people he knew and one he 
didnt. ... He concentrated hard, frowning, trying to 
remember. ... 

The dim picture of a darkened room came to him. ... 
There had been a snake on a hearth rug ... a small 
man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail ... and a cold, 
high voice ... the voice of Lord Voldemort. Harry felt 
as though an ice cube had slipped down into his 
stomach at the very thought. ... 

He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what 
Voldemort had looked like, but it was impossible. ... 
All Harry knew was that at the moment when 
Voldemorts chair had swung around, and he, Harry, 
had seen what was sitting in it, he had felt a spasm of 
horror, which had awoken him ... or had that been 
the pain in his scar? 

And who had the old man been? For there had 
definitely been an old man; Harry had watched him 
fall to the ground. It was all becoming confused. 

Harry put his face into his hands, blocking out his 
bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly 
lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in his 
cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as 
fast as he tried to hold on to them. ... Voldemort and 
Wormtail had been talking about someone they had 
killed, though Harry could not remember the name . . . 
and they had been plotting to kill someone else . . . 
him). 

Harry took his face out of his hands, opened his eyes, 
and stared around his bedroom as though expecting 

  19 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




to see something unusual there. As it happened, 
there were an extraordinary number of unusual 
things in this room. A large wooden trunk stood open 
at the foot of his bed, revealing a cauldron, 
broomstick, black robes, and assorted spellbooks. 
Rolls of parchment littered that part of his desk that 
was not taken up by the large, empty cage in which 
his snowy owl, Hedwig, usually perched. On the floor 
beside his bed a book lay open; Harry had been 
reading it before he fell asleep last night. The pictures 
in this book were all moving. Men in bright orange 
robes were zooming in and out of sight on 
broomsticks, throwing a red ball to one another. 

Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and 
watched one of the wizards score a spectacular goal 
by putting the ball through a fiftyfoothigh hoop. 

Then he snapped the book shut. Even Quidditch  in 
Harrys opinion, the best sport in the world  
couldnt distract him at the moment. He placed Flying 
with the Cannons on his bedside table, crossed to the 
window, and drew back the curtains to survey the 
street below. 

Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectable suburban 
street would be expected to look in the early hours of 
Saturday morning. All the curtains were closed. As far 
as Harry could see through the darkness, there 
wasnt a living creature in sight, not even a cat. 

And yet . . . and yet . . . Harry went restlessly back to 
the bed and sat down on it, running a finger over his 
scar again. It wasnt the pain that bothered him; 

Harry was no stranger to pain and injury. He had lost 
all the bones from his right arm once and had them 
painfully regrown in a night. The same arm had been 
pierced by a venomous footlong fang not long 
afterward. Only last year Harry had fallen fifty feet 
from an airborne broomstick. He was used to bizarre 
  20 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




accidents and injuries; they were unavoidable if you 
attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 
and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble. 

No, the thing that was bothering Harry was that the 
last time his scar had hurt him, it had been because 
Voldemort had been close by. ... But Voldemort 
couldnt be here, now. ... The idea of Voldemort 
lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible. ... 

Harry listened closely to the silence around him. Was 
he halfexpecting to hear the creak of a stair or the 
swish of a cloak? And then he jumped slightly as he 
heard his cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunting 
snore from the next room. 

Harry shook himself mentally; he was being stupid. 
There was no one in the house with him except Uncle 
Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were 
plainly still asleep, their dreams untroubled and 
painless. 

Asleep was the way Harry liked the Dursleys best; it 
wasnt as though they were ever any help to him 
awake. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were 
Harrys only living relatives. They were Muggles who 
hated and despised magic in any form, which meant 
that Harry was about as welcome in their house as 
dry rot. They had explained away Harrys long 
absences at Hogwarts over the last three years by 
telling everyone that he went to St. Brutuss Secure 
Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. They knew 
perfectly well that, as an underage wizard, Harry 
wasnt allowed to use magic outside Hogwarts, but 
they were still apt to blame him for anything that 
went wrong about the house. Harry had never been 
able to confide in them or tell them anything about 
his life in the wizarding world. The very idea of going 
to them when they awoke, and telling them about his 
  21 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




scar hurting him, and about his worries about 
Voldemort, was laughable. 

And yet it was because of Voldemort that Harry had 
come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. If it 
hadnt been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had 
the lightning scar on his forehead. If it hadnt been for 
Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents. ... 

Harry had been a year old the night that Voldemort  
the most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard 
who had been gaining power steadily for eleven years 
 arrived at his house and killed his father and 
mother. Voldemort had then turned his wand on 
Harry; he had performed the curse that had disposed 
of many fullgrown witches and wizards in his steady 
rise to power  and, incredibly, it had not worked. 
Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had 
rebounded upon Voldemort. Harry had survived with 
nothing but a lightningshaped cut on his forehead, 
and Voldemort had been reduced to something barely 
alive. His powers gone, his life almost extinguished, 
Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret 
community of witches and wizards had lived for so 
long had lifted, Voldemorts followers had disbanded, 
and Harry Potter had become famous. 

It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover, 
on his eleventh birthday, that he was a wizard; it had 
been even more disconcerting to find out that 
everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew his 
name. Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that 
heads turned and whispers followed him wherever he 
went. But he was used to it now: At the end of this 
summer, he would be starting his fourth year at 
Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days 
until he would be back at the castle again. 



  22 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But there was still a fortnight to go before he went 
back to school. He looked hopelessly around his room 
again, and his eye paused on the birthday cards his 
two best friends had sent him at the end of July. 

What would they say if Harry wrote to them and told 
them about his scar hurting? 

At once, Hermione Grangers voice seemed to fill his 
head, shrill and panicky. 

 Your scar hurt? Harry, thats really serious. . . . Write 
to Professor Dumbledorel And Ill go and check 
Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. ... Maybe 
theres something in there about curse scars. ... 

Yes, that would be Hermiones advice: Go straight to 
the headmaster of Hogwarts, and in the meantime, 
consult a book. Harry stared out of the window at the 
inky blueblack sky. He doubted very much whether a 
book could help him now. As far as he knew, he was 
the only living person to have survived a curse like 
Voldemorts; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that he 
would find his symptoms listed in Common Magical 
Ailments and Afflictions. As for informing the 
headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore 
went during the summer holidays. He amused himself 
for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long 
silver beard, fulllength wizards robes, and pointed 
hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing 
suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. Wherever 
Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that 
Hedwig would be able to find him; Harrys owl had 
never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even 
without an address. But what would he write? 

Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but 
my scar hurt this morning. Yours sincerely, Harry 
Potter. 



  23 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Even inside his head the words sounded stupid. 

And so he tried to imagine his other best friend, Ron 
Weasleys, reaction, and in a moment, Rons red hair 
and longnosed, freckled face seemed to swim before 
Harry, wearing a bemused expression. 

 Your scar hurt? But ... but YouKnotuWho cant be 
near you now, can he? I mean ... youd know, wouldnt 
you? Hed be trying to do you in again, wouldnt he? I 
dunno, Harry, maybe curse scars always twinge a bit 
... Ill ask Dad. ... 

Mr. Weasley was a fully qualified wizard who worked 
in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the 
Ministry of Magic, but he didnt have any particular 
expertise in the matter of curses, as far as Harry 
knew. In any case, Harry didnt like the idea of the 
whole Weasley family knowing that he, Harry, was 
getting jumpy about a few moments pain. Mrs. 
Weasley would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred 
and George, Rons sixteenyearold twin brothers, 
might think Harry was losing his nerve. The Weasleys 
were Harrys favorite family in the world; he was 
hoping that they might invite him to stay any time 
now (Ron had mentioned something about the 
Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didnt want 
his visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about his 
scar. 

Harry kneaded his forehead with his knuckles. What 
he really wanted (and it felt almost shameful to admit 
it to himself) was someone like  someone like a 
parent: an adult wizard whose advice he could ask 
without feeling stupid, someone who cared about 
him, who had had experience with Dark Magic. ... 



  24 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And then the solution came to him. It was so simple, 
and so obvious, that he couldnt believe it had taken 
so long  Sirius. 

Harry leapt up from the bed, hurried across the room, 
and sat down at his desk; he pulled a piece of 
parchment toward him, loaded his eaglefeather quill 
with ink, wrote Dear Sirius, then paused, wondering 
how best to phrase his problem, still marveling at the 
fact that he hadnt thought of Sirius straight away. 

But then, perhaps it wasnt so surprising  after all, 
he had only found out that Sirius was his godfather 
two months ago. 

There was a simple reason for Siriuss complete 
absence from Harrys life until then  Sirius had 
been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by 
creatures called dementors, sightless, soulsucking 
fiends who had come to search for Sirius at Hogwarts 
when he had escaped. Yet Sirius had been innocent 
 the murders for which he had been convicted had 
been committed by Wormtail, Voldemorts supporter, 
whom nearly everybody now believed dead. Harry, 

Ron, and Hermione knew otherwise, however; they 
had come facetoface with Wormtail only the 
previous year, though only Professor Dumbledore had 
believed their story. 

For one glorious hour, Harry had believed that he was 
leaving the Dursleys at last, because Sirius had 
offered him a home once his name had been cleared. 
But the chance had been snatched away from him  
Wormtail had escaped before they could take him to 
the Ministry of Magic, and Sirius had had to flee for 
his life. Harry had helped him escape on the back of a 
hippogriff called Buckbeak, and since then, Sirius 
had been on the run. The home Harry might have had 
if Wormtail had not escaped had been haunting him 
all summer. It had been doubly hard to return to the 
  25 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dursleys knowing that he had so nearly escaped them 
forever. 

Nevertheless, Sirius had been of some help to Harry, 
even if he couldnt be with him. It was due to Sirius 
that Harry now had all his school things in his 
bedroom with him. The Dursleys had never allowed 
this before; their general wish of keeping Harry as 
miserable as possible, coupled with their fear of his 
powers, had led them to lock his school trunk in the 
cupboard under the stairs every summer prior to this. 
But their attitude had changed since they had found 
out that Harry had a dangerous murderer for a 
godfather  for Harry had conveniently forgotten to 
tell them that Sirius was innocent. 

Harry had received two letters from Sirius since he 
had been back at Privet Drive. Both had been 
delivered, not by owls (as was usual with wizards), 
but by large, brightly colored tropical birds. Hedwig 
had not approved of these flashy intruders; she had 
been most reluctant to allow them to drink from her 
water tray before flying off again. Harry, on the other 
hand, had liked them; they put him in mind of palm 
trees and white sand, and he hoped that, wherever 
Sirius was (Sirius never said, in case the letters were 
intercepted), he was enjoying himself. Somehow, 

Harry found it hard to imagine dementors surviving 
for long in bright sunlight; perhaps that was why 
Sirius had gone south. Siriuss letters, which were 
now hidden beneath the highly useful loose 
floorboard under Harrys bed, sounded cheerful, and 
in both of them he had reminded Harry to call on him 
if ever Harry needed to. Well, he needed to now, all 
right. ... 

Harrys lamp seemed to grow dimmer as the cold gray 
light that precedes sunrise slowly crept into the room. 
Finally, when the sun had risen, when his bedroom 

  26 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




walls had turned gold, and when sounds of movement 
could be heard from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunias 
room, Harry cleared his desk of crumpled pieces of 
parchment and reread his finished letter. 

Dear Sirius, 

Thanks for your last letter. That bird was enormous; it 
could hardly get through my window. 

Things are the same as usual here. Dudleys diet isnt 
going too well. My aunt found him smuggling 
doughnuts into his room yesterday. They told him 
they d have to cut his pocket money if he keeps doing 
it, so he got really angry and chucked his PlayStation 
out of the window. Thats a sort of computer thing you 
can play games on. Bit stupid really, now he hasnt 
even got MegaMutilation Part Three to take his mind 
off things. 

Im okay, mainly because the Dursleys are terrified 
you might turn up and turn them all into bats if I ask 
you to. 

A weird thing happened this morning, though. My scar 
hurt again. Last time that happened it was because 
Voldemort was at Hogwarts. But I dont reckon he can 
be anywhere near me now, can he? Do you know if 
curse scars sometimes hurt years afterward? 

Ill send this with Hedwig when she gets back; shes 
offhunt\ing at the moment. Say hello to Buckbeak for 
me. 

Harry 

Yes, thought Harry, that looked all right. There was 
no point putting in the dream; he didnt want it to 
look as though he was too worried. He folded up the 

  27 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




parchment and laid it aside on his desk, ready for 
when Hedwig returned. Then he got to his feet, 
stretched, and opened his wardrobe once more. 
Without glancing at his reflection, he started to get 
dressed before going down to breakfast. 



  28 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




3 




THE INVITATION 

By the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the three 
Dursleys were already seated around the table. None 
of them looked up as he entered or sat down. Uncle 
Vernons large red face was hidden behind the 
mornings Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia was cutting a 
grapefruit into quarters, her lips pursed over her 
horselike teeth. 

Dudley looked furious and sulky, and somehow 
seemed to be taking up even more space than usual. 
This was saying something, as he always took up an 
entire side of the square table by himself. When Aunt 
Petunia put a quarter of unsweetened grapefruit onto 
Dudleys plate with a tremulous There you are, Diddy 
darling, Dudley glowered at her. His life had taken a 
most unpleasant turn since he had come home for 
the summer with his endofyear report. 

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find 
excuses for his bad marks as usual: Aunt Petunia 
always insisted that Dudley was a very gifted boy 
whose teachers didnt understand him, while Uncle 

  29 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Vernon maintained that he didnt want some swotty 
little nancy boy for a son anyway. They also skated 
over the accusations of bullying in the report  Hes 
a boisterous little boy, but he wouldnt hurt a fly! 
Aunt Petunia had said tearfully. 

However, at the bottom of the report there were a few 
wellchosen comments from the school nurse that not 
even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia could explain 
away. No matter how much Aunt Petunia wailed that 
Dudley was bigboned, and that his poundage was 
really puppy fat, and that he was a growing boy who 
needed plenty of food, the fact remained that the 
school outfitters didnt stock knickerbockers big 
enough for him anymore. The school nurse had seen 
what Aunt Petunias eyes  so sharp when it came to 
spotting fingerprints on her gleaming walls, and in 
observing the comings and goings of the neighbors  
simply refused to see: that far from needing extra 
nourishment, Dudley had reached roughly the size 
and weight of a young killer whale. 

So  after many tantrums, after arguments that 
shook Harrys bedroom floor, and many tears from 
Aunt Petunia  the new regime had begun. The diet 
sheet that had been sent by the Smeltings school 
nurse had been taped to the fridge, which had been 
emptied of all Dudleys favorite things  fizzy drinks 
and cakes, chocolate bars and burgers  and filled 
instead with fruit and vegetables and the sorts of 
things that Uncle Vernon called rabbit food. To 
make Dudley feel better about it all, Aunt Petunia had 
insisted that the whole family follow the diet too. She 
now passed a grapefruit quarter to Harry. He noticed 
that it was a lot smaller than Dudleys. Aunt Petunia 
seemed to feel that the best way to keep up Dudleys 
morale was to make sure that he did, at least, get 
more to eat than Harry. 



  30 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But Aunt Petunia didnt know what was hidden under 
the loose floorboard upstairs. She had no idea that 
Harry was not following the diet at all. The moment 
he had got wind of the fact that he was expected to 
survive the summer on carrot sticks, Harry had sent 
Hedwig to his friends with pleas for help, and they 
had risen to the occasion magnificently. Hedwig had 
returned from Hermiones house with a large box 
stuffed full of sugarfree snacks. (Hermiones parents 
were dentists.) Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had 
obliged with a sack full of his own homemade rock 
cakes. (Harry hadnt touched these; he had had too 
much experience of Hagrid s cooking.) Mrs. Weasley, 
however, had sent the family owl, Errol, with an 
enormous fruitcake and assorted meat pies. Poor 
Errol, who was elderly and feeble, had needed a full 
five days to recover from the journey. And then on 
Harrys birthday (which the Dursleys had completely 
ignored) he had received four superb birthday cakes, 
one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Sirius. 
Harry still had two of them left, and so, looking 
forward to a real breakfast when he got back upstairs, 
he ate his grapefruit without complaint. 

Uncle Vernon laid aside his paper with a deep sniff of 
disapproval and looked down at his own grapefruit 
quarter. 

Is this it? he said grumpily to Aunt Petunia. 

Aunt Petunia gave him a severe look, and then 
nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already finished 
his own grapefruit quarter and was eyeing Harrys 
with a very sour look in his piggy little eyes. 

Uncle Vernon gave a great sigh, which ruffled his 
large, bushy mustache, and picked up his spoon. 



  31 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The doorbell rang. Uncle Vernon heaved himself out 
of his chair and set off down the hall. Quick as a 
flash, while his mother was occupied with the kettle, 
Dudley stole the rest of Uncle Vernons grapefruit. 

Harry heard talking at the door, and someone 
laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly. Then 
the front door closed, and the sound of ripping paper 
came from the hall. 

Aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and 
looked curiously around to see where Uncle Vernon 
had got to. She didnt have to wait long to find out; 
after about a minute, he was back. He looked livid. 

You, he barked at Harry. In the living room. Now. 

Bewildered, wondering what on earth he was 
supposed to have done this time, Harry got up and 
followed Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the 
next room. Uncle Vernon closed the door sharply 
behind both of them. 

So, he said, marching over to the fireplace and 
turning to face Harry as though he were about to 
pronounce him under arrest. So. 

Harry would have dearly loved to have said, So 
what? but he didnt feel that Uncle Vernons temper 
should be tested this early in the morning, especially 
when it was already under severe strain from lack of 
food. He therefore settled for looking politely puzzled. 

This just arrived, said Uncle Vernon. He brandished 
a piece of purple writing paper at Harry. A letter. 
About you. 



  32 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harrys confusion increased. Who would be writing to 
Uncle Vernon about him? Who did he know who sent 
letters by the postman? 

Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at 
the letter and began to read aloud: 

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, 

We have never been introduced, but I am sure you 
have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron. 

As Harry might have told you, the final of the 
Quidditch World Cup takes place this Monday night, 
and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get 
prime tickets through his connections at the 
Department of Magical Games and Sports. 

I do hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match, 
as this really is a onceinalifetime opportunity; Britain 
hasnt hosted the cup for thirty years, and tickets are 
extremely hard to come by. We would of course be glad 
to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer 
holidays, and to see him safely onto the train back to 
school. 

It would be best for Harry to send us your answer as 
quickly as possible in the normal way, because the 
Muggle postman has never delivered to our house, and 
I am not sure he even knows where it is. 

Hoping to see Harry soon, 

Yours sincerely, 

Molly Weasley 

P.S. I do hope weve put enough stamps on. 



  33 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Uncle Vernon finished reading, put his hand back 
into his breast pocket, and drew out something else. 

Look at this, he growled. 

He held up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasleys 
letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. 
Every bit of it was covered in stamps except for a 
square inch on the front, into which Mrs. Weasley 
had squeezed the Dursleys address in minute 
writing. 

She did put enough stamps on, then, said Harry, 
trying to sound as though Mrs. Weasleys was a 
mistake anyone could make. His uncles eyes flashed. 

The postman noticed, he said through gritted teeth. 
Very interested to know where this letter came from, 
he was. Thats why he rang the doorbell. Seemed to 
think it was funny. 

Harry didnt say anything. Other people might not 
understand why Uncle Vernon was making a fuss 
about too many stamps, but Harry had lived with the 
Dursleys too long not to know how touchy they were 
about anything even slightly out of the ordinary. Their 
worst fear was that someone would find out that they 
were connected (however distantly) with people like 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Uncle Vernon was still glaring at Harry, who tried to 
keep his expression neutral. If he didnt do or say 
anything stupid, he might just be in for the treat of a 
lifetime. He waited for Uncle Vernon to say 
something, but he merely continued to glare. Harry 
decided to break the silence. 

So  can I go then? he asked. 



  34 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernons large purple 
face. The mustache bristled. Harry thought he knew 
what was going on behind the mustache: a furious 
battle as two of Uncle Vernons most fundamental 
instincts came into conflict. Allowing Harry to go 
would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon 
had struggled against for thirteen years. On the other 
hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys for 
the rest of the summer would get rid of him two 
weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and 
Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house. To 
give himself thinking time, it seemed, he looked down 
at Mrs. Weasleys letter again. 

Who is this woman? he said, staring at the 
signature with distaste. 

Youve seen her, said Harry. Shes my friend Rons 
mother, she was meeting him off the Hog  off the 
school train at the end of last term. 

He had almost said Hogwarts Express, and that was 
a sure way to get his uncles temper up. Nobody ever 
mentioned the name of Harrys school aloud in the 
Dursley household. 

Uncle Vernon screwed up his enormous face as 
though trying to remember something very 
unpleasant. 

Dumpy sort of woman? he growled finally. Load of 
children with red hair? 

Harry frowned. He thought it was a bit rich of Uncle 
Vernon to call anyone dumpy, when his own son, 
Dudley, had finally achieved what hed been 
threatening to do since the age of three, and become 
wider than he was tall. 



  35 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Uncle Vernon was perusing the letter again. 

Quidditch, he muttered under his breath. 

Quidditch  what is this rubbish? 

Harry felt a second stab of annoyance. 

Its a sport, he said shortly. Played on broom   

All right, all right! said Uncle Vernon loudly. Harry 
saw, with some satisfaction, that his uncle looked 
vaguely panicky. Apparently his nerves couldnt stand 
the sound of the word broomsticks in his living 
room. He took refuge in perusing the letter again. 
Harry saw his lips form the words send us your 
answer ... in the normal way. He scowled. 

What does she mean, the normal way? he spat. 

Normal for us, said Harry, and before his uncle 
could stop him, he added, you know, owl post. Thats 
whats normal for wizards. 

Uncle Vernon looked as outraged as if Harry had just 
uttered a disgusting swear word. Shaking with anger, 
he shot a nervous look through the window, as 
though expecting to see some of the neighbors with 
their ears pressed against the glass. 

How many times do I have to tell you not to mention 
that unnaturalness under my roof? he hissed, his 
face now a rich plum color. You stand there, in the 
clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful 
back   

Only after Dudley finished with them, said Harry 
coldly, and indeed, he was dressed in a sweatshirt so 
large for him that he had had to roll back the sleeves 



  36 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




five times so as to be able to use his hands, and 
which fell past the knees of his extremely baggy jeans. 



I will not be spoken to like that! said Uncle Vernon, 
trembling with rage. 

But Harry wasnt going to stand for this. Gone were 
the days when he had been forced to take every single 
one of the Dursleys stupid rules. He wasnt following 
Dudleys diet, and he wasnt going to let Uncle Vernon 
stop him from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not 
if he could help it. Harry took a deep, steadying 
breath and then said, Okay, I cant see the World 
Cup. Can I go now, then? Only Ive got a letter to 
Sirius I want to finish. You know  my godfather. 

He had done it. He had said the magic words. Now he 
watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle 
Vernons face, making it look like badly mixed black 
currant ice cream. 

Youre  youre writing to him, are you? said Uncle 
Vernon, in a wouldbe calm voice  but Harry had 
seen the pupils of his tiny eyes contract with sudden 
fear. 

Well  yeah, said Harry, casually. Its been a while 
since he heard from me, and, you know, if he doesnt, 
he might start thinking somethings wrong. 

He stopped there to enjoy the effect of these words. 

He could almost see the cogs working under Uncle 
Vernons thick, dark, neatly parted hair. If he tried to 
stop Harry writing to Sirius, Sirius would think Harry 
was being mistreated. If he told Harry he couldnt go 
to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and 
tell Sirius, who would know Harry was being 
mistreated. There was only one thing for Uncle 
Vernon to do. Harry could see the conclusion forming 
  37 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




in his uncles mind as though the great mustached 
face were transparent. Harry tried not to smile, to 
keep his own face as blank as possible. And then  

Well, all right then. You can go to this ruddy ... this 
stupid ... this World Cup thing. You write and tell 
these  these Weasleys theyre to pick you up, mind. 
I havent got time to go dropping you off all over the 
country. And you can spend the rest of the summer 
there. And you can tell your  your godfather ... tell 
him ... tell him youre going. 

Okay then, said Harry brightly. 

He turned and walked toward the living room door, 
fighting the urge to jump into the air and whoop. He 
was going ... he was going to the Weasleys, he was 
going to watch the Quidditch World Cup! 

Outside in the hall he nearly ran into Dudley, who 
had been lurking behind the door, clearly hoping to 
overhear Harry being told off. He looked shocked to 
see the broad grin on Harrys face. 

That was an excellent breakfast, wasnt it? said 
Harry. I feel really full, dont you? 

Laughing at the astonished look on Dudleys face, 
Harry took the stairs three at a time, and hurled 
himself back into his bedroom. 

The first thing he saw was that Hedwig was back. She 
was sitting in her cage, staring at Harry with her 
enormous amber eyes, and clicking her beak in the 
way that meant she was annoyed about something. 
Exactly what was annoying her became apparent 
almost at once. 



  38 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




OUCH! said Harry as what appeared to be a small, 
gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of his 
head. Harry massaged the spot furiously, looking up 
to see what had hit him, and saw a minute owl, small 
enough to fit into the palm of his hand, whizzing 
excitedly around the room like a loose firework. Harry 
then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at his 
feet. Harry bent down, recognized Rons handwriting, 
then tore open the envelope. Inside was a hastily 
scribbled note. 

Harry  DAD GOT THE TICKETS  Ireland versus 
Bulgaria, Monday night. Mums writing to the Muggles 
to ask you to stay. They might already have the letter, 

I dont know how fast Muggle post is. Thought Id send 
this with Pig anyway. 

Harry stared at the word Pig, then looked up at the 
tiny owl now zooming around the light fixture on the 
ceiling. He had never seen anything that looked less 
like a pig. Maybe he couldnt read Rons writing. He 
went back to the letter: 

Were coming for you whether the Muggles like it or 
not, you cant miss the World Cup, only Mum and Dad 
reckon its better if we pretend to ask their permission 
first. If they say yes, send Pig back with your answer 
pronto, and well come and get you at five oclock on 
Sunday. If they say no, send Pig back pronto and well 
come and get you at five oclock on Sunday anyway. 

Hermiones arriving this afternoon. Percys started 
work  the Department of International Magical 
Cooperation. Dont mention anything about Abroad 
while youre here unless you want the pants bored off 
you. 

See you soon  



  39 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ron 



Calm down! Harry said as the small owl flew low 
over his head, twittering madly with what Harry could 
only assume was pride at having delivered the letter 
to the right person. Come here, I need you to take my 
answer back! 

The owl fluttered down on top of Hedwigs cage. 
Hedwig looked coldly up at it, as though daring it to 
try and come any closer. 

Harry seized his eaglefeather quill once more, 
grabbed a fresh piece of parchment, and wrote: 

Ron, its all okay, the Muggles say I can come. See you 
five oclock tomorrow. Cant wait. 

Harry 

He folded this note up very small, and with immense 
difficulty, tied it to the tiny owls leg as it hopped on 
the spot with excitement. The moment the note was 
secure, the owl was off again; it zoomed out of the 
window and out of sight. 

Harry turned to Hedwig. 

Feeling up to a long journey? he asked her. 

Hedwig hooted in a dignified sort of a way. 

Can you take this to Sirius for me? he said, picking 
up his letter. Hang on ... I just want to finish it. 

He unfolded the parchment and hastily added a 
postscript. 



  40 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




If you want to contact me, Ill be at my friend Ron 
Weasleys for the rest of the summer. His dads got us 
tickets for the Quidditch World Cup\ 

The letter finished, he tied it to Hedwigs leg; she kept 
unusually still, as though determined to show him 
how a real post owl should behave. 

Ill be at Rons when you get back, all right? Harry 
told her. 

She nipped his finger affectionately, then, with a soft 
swooshing noise, spread her enormous wings and 
soared out of the open window. 

Harry watched her out of sight, then crawled under 
his bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled 
out a large chunk of birthday cake. He sat there on 
the floor eating it, savoring the happiness that was 
flooding through him. He had cake, and Dudley had 
nothing but grapefruit; it was a bright summers day, 
he would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, his scar 
felt perfectly normal again, and he was going to watch 
the Quidditch World Cup. It was hard, just now, to 
feel worried about anything  even Lord Voldemort. 



  41 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






BACK TO THE BURROW 

By twelve oclock the next day, Harrys school trunk 
was packed with his school things and all his most 
prized possessions  the Invisibility Cloak he had 
inherited from his father, the broomstick he had 
gotten from Sirius, the enchanted map of Hogwarts he 
had been given by Fred and George Weasley last year. 
He had emptied his hiding place under the loose 
floorboard of all food, doublechecked every nook and 
cranny of his bedroom for forgotten spellbooks or 
quills, and taken down the chart on the wall counting 
down the days to September the first, on which he 
liked to cross off the days remaining until his return 
to Hogwarts. 

The atmosphere inside number four, Privet Drive was 
extremely tense. The imminent arrival at their house 
of an assortment of wizards was making the Dursleys 
uptight and irritable. Uncle Vernon had looked 
downright alarmed when Harry informed him that the 
Weasley s would be arriving at five oclock the very 
next day. 



  42 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



I hope you told them to dress properly, these people, 
he snarled at once. Ive seen the sort of stuff your lot 
wear. Theyd better have the decency to put on 
normal clothes, thats all. 

Harry felt a slight sense of foreboding. He had rarely 
seen Mr. or Mrs. Weasley wearing anything that the 
Dursleys would call normal. Their children might 
don Muggle clothing during the holidays, but Mr. and 
Mrs. Weasley usually wore long robes in varying 
states of shabbiness. Harry wasnt bothered about 
what the neighbors would think, but he was anxious 
about how rude the Dursleys might be to the 
Weasleys if they turned up looking like their worst 
idea of wizards. 

Uncle Vernon had put on his best suit. To some 
people, this might have looked like a gesture of 
welcome, but Harry knew it was because Uncle 
Vernon wanted to look impressive and intimidating. 
Dudley, on the other hand, looked somehow 
diminished. This was not because the diet was at last 
taking effect, but due to fright. Dudley had emerged 
from his last encounter with a fullygrown wizard with 
a curly pigs tail poking out of the seat of his trousers, 
and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay 
for its removal at a private hospital in London. It 
wasnt altogether surprising, therefore, that Dudley 
kept running his hand nervously over his backside, 
and walking sideways from room to room, so as not to 
present the same target to the enemy. 

Lunch was an almost silent meal. Dudley didnt even 
protest at the food (cottage cheese and grated celery). 
Aunt Petunia wasnt eating anything at all. Her arms 
were folded, her lips were pursed, and she seemed to 
be chewing her tongue, as though biting back the 
furious diatribe she longed to throw at Harry. 



  43 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Theyll be driving, of course? Uncle Vernon barked 
across the table. 

Er, said Harry. 

He hadnt thought of that. How were the Weasleys 
going to pick him up? They didnt have a car 
anymore; the old Ford Anglia they had once owned 
was currently running wild in the Forbidden Forest at 
Hogwarts. But Mr. Weasley had borrowed a Ministry 
of Magic car last year; possibly he would do the same 
today? 

I think so, said Harry. 

Uncle Vernon snorted into his mustache. Normally, 
Uncle Vernon would have asked what car Mr. Weasley 
drove; he tended to judge other men by how big and 
expensive their cars were. But Harry doubted whether 
Uncle Vernon would have taken to Mr. Weasley even 
if he drove a Ferrari. 

Harry spent most of the afternoon in his bedroom; he 
couldnt stand watching Aunt Petunia peer out 
through the net curtains every few seconds, as 
though there had been a warning about an escaped 
rhinoceros. Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry went 
back downstairs and into the living room. 

Aunt Petunia was compulsively straightening 
cushions. Uncle Vernon was pretending to read the 
paper, but his tiny eyes were not moving, and Harry 
was sure he was really listening with all his might for 
the sound of an approaching car. Dudley was 
crammed into an armchair, his porky hands beneath 
him, clamped firmly around his bottom. Harry 
couldnt take the tension; he left the room and went 
and sat on the stairs in the hall, his eyes on his 



  44 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




watch and his heart pumping fast from excitement 
and nerves. 

But five oclock came and then went. Uncle Vernon, 
perspiring slightly in his suit, opened the front door, 
peered up and down the street, then withdrew his 
head quickly. 

Theyre late! he snarled at Harry. 

I know, said Harry. Maybe  er  the traffics bad, 
or something. 

Ten past five ... then a quarter past five ... Harry was 
starting to feel anxious himself now. At half past, he 
heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in 
terse mutters in the living room. 

No consideration at all. 

We mightve had an engagement. 

Maybe they think theyll get invited to dinner if 
theyre late. 

Well, they most certainly wont be, said Uncle 
Vernon, and Harry heard him stand up and start 
pacing the living room. Theyll take the boy and go, 
there 11 be no hanging around. Thats if theyre coming 
at all. Probably mistaken the day. I daresay their kind 
dont set much store by punctuality. Either that or 
they drive some tinpot car thats broken d  
AAAAAAAARRRRRGH !  

Harry jumped up. From the other side of the living 
room door came the sounds of the three Dursleys 
scrambling, panicstricken, across the room. Next 
moment Dudley came flying into the hall, looking 
terrified. 

  45 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What happened? said Harry. Whats the matter? 

But Dudley didnt seem able to speak. Hands still 
clamped over his buttocks, he waddled as fast as he 
could into the kitchen. Harry hurried into the living 
room. 

Loud hangings and scrapings were coming from 
behind the Dursleys boardedup fireplace, which had 
a fake coal fire plugged in front of it. 

What is it? gasped Aunt Petunia, who had backed 
into the wall and was staring, terrified, toward the 
fire. What is it, Vernon? 

But they were left in doubt barely a second longer. 
Voices could be heard from inside the blocked 
fireplace. 

Ouch! Fred, no  go back, go back, theres been 
some kind of mistake  tell George not to  OUCH! 
George, no, theres no room, go back quickly and tell 
Ron   

Maybe Harry can hear us, Dad  maybe hell be able 
to let us out   

There was a loud hammering of fists on the boards 
behind the electric fire. 

Harry? Harry, can you hear us? 

The Dursleys rounded on Harry like a pair of angry 
wolverines. 

What is this? growled Uncle Vernon. Whats going 
on? 



  46 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They  theyve tried to get here by Floo powder, 
said Harry, fighting a mad desire to laugh. They can 
travel by fire  only youve blocked the fireplace  
hang on   

He approached the fireplace and called through the 
boards. 

Mr. Weasley? Can you hear me? 

The hammering stopped. Somebody inside the 
chimney piece said, Shh! 

Mr. Weasley, its Harry ... the fireplace has been 
blocked up. You wont be able to get through there. 

Damn! said Mr. Weasleys voice. What on earth did 
they want to block up the fireplace for? 

Theyve got an electric fire, Harry explained. 

Really? said Mr. Weasleys voice excitedly. Eclectic, 
you say? With a plug? Gracious, I must see that. ... 
Lets think ... ouch, Ron! 

Rons voice now joined the others. 

What are we doing here? Has something gone 
wrong? 

Oh no, Ron, came Freds voice, very sarcastically. 
No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up. 

Yeah, were having the time of our lives here, said 
George, whose voice sounded muffled, as though he 
was squashed against the wall. 



  47 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Boys, boys ... said Mr. Weasley vaguely. Im trying 
to think what to do. ... Yes ... only way ... Stand back, 
Harry. 

Harry retreated to the sofa. Uncle Vernon, however, 
moved forward. 

Wait a moment! he bellowed at the fire. What 
exactly are you going to   

BANG. 

The electric fire shot across the room as the boarded 
up fireplace burst outward, expelling Mr. Weasley, 
Fred, George, and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loose 
chippings. Aunt Petunia shrieked and fell backward 
over the coffee table; Uncle Vernon caught her before 
she hit the floor, and gaped, speechless, at the 
Weasleys, all of whom had bright red hair, including 
Fred and George, who were identical to the last 
freckle. 

Thats better, panted Mr. Weasley, brushing dust 
from his long green robes and straightening his 
glasses. Ah  you must be Harrys aunt and uncle! 

Tall, thin, and balding, he moved toward Uncle 
Vernon, his hand outstretched, but Uncle Vernon 
backed away several paces, dragging Aunt Petunia. 
Words utterly failed Uncle Vernon. His best suit was 
covered in white dust, which had settled in his hair 
and mustache and made him look as though he had 
just aged thirty years. 

Er  yes  sorry about that, said Mr. Weasley, 
lowering his hand and looking over his shoulder at 
the blasted fireplace. Its all my fault. It just didnt 
occur to me that we wouldnt be able to get out at the 
other end. I had your fireplace connected to the Floo 
  48 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Network, you see  just for an afternoon, you know, 
so we could get Harry. Muggle fireplaces arent 
supposed to be connected, strictly speaking  but 
Ive got a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel 
and he fixed it for me. I can put it right in a jiffy, 
though, dont worry. Ill light a fire to send the boys 
back, and then I can repair your fireplace before I 
Disapparate. 

Harry was ready to bet that the Dursleys hadnt 
understood a single word of this. They were still 
gaping at Mr. Weasley, thunderstruck. Aunt Petunia 
staggered upright again and hid behind Uncle 
Vernon. 

Hello, Harry! said Mr. Weasley brightly. Got your 
trunk ready? 

Its upstairs, said Harry, grinning back. 

Well get it, said Fred at once. Winking at Harry, he 
and George left the room. They knew where Harrys 
bedroom was, having once rescued him from it in the 
dead of night. Harry suspected that Fred and George 
were hoping for a glimpse of Dudley; they had heard a 
lot about him from Harry. 

Well, said Mr. Weasley, swinging his arms slightly, 
while he tried to find words to break the very nasty 
silence. Very  erm  very nice place youve got 
here. 

As the usually spotless living room was now covered 
in dust and bits of brick, this remark didnt go down 
too well with the Dursleys. Uncle Vernons face 
purpled once more, and Aunt Petunia started chewing 
her tongue again. However, they seemed too scared to 
actually say anything. 



  49 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mr. Weasley was looking around. He loved everything 
to do with Muggles. Harry could see him itching to go 
and examine the television and the video recorder. 

They run off eckeltricity, do they? he said 
knowledgeably. Ah yes, I can see the plugs. I collect 
plugs, he added to Uncle Vernon. And batteries. Got 
a very large collection of batteries. My wife thinks Im 
mad, but there you are. 

Uncle Vernon clearly thought Mr. Weasley was mad 
too. He moved ever so slightly to the right, screening 
Aunt Petunia from view, as though he thought Mr. 
Weasley might suddenly run at them and attack. 

Dudley suddenly reappeared in the room. Harry could 
hear the clunk of his trunk on the stairs, and knew 
that the sounds had scared Dudley out of the kitchen. 
Dudley edged along the wall, gazing at Mr. Weasley 
with terrified eyes, and attempted to conceal himself 
behind his mother and father. Unfortunately, Uncle 
Vernons bulk, while sufficient to hide bony Aunt 
Petunia, was nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley. 

Ah, this is your cousin, is it, Harry? said Mr. 
Weasley, taking another brave stab at making 
conversation. 

Yep, said Harry, thats Dudley. 

He and Ron exchanged glances and then quickly 
looked away from each other; the temptation to burst 
out laughing was almost overwhelming. Dudley was 
still clutching his bottom as though afraid it might 
fall off. Mr. Weasley, however, seemed genuinely 
concerned at Dudleys peculiar behavior. Indeed, from 
the tone of his voice when he next spoke, Harry was 
quite sure that Mr. Weasley thought Dudley was quite 



  50 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




as mad as the Dursleys thought he was, except that 
Mr. Weasley felt sympathy rather than fear. 

Having a good holiday, Dudley? he said kindly. 

Dudley whimpered. Harry saw his hands tighten still 
harder over his massive backside. 

Fred and George came back into the room carrying 
Harrys school trunk. They glanced around as they 
entered and spotted Dudley. Their faces cracked into 
identical evil grins. 

Ah, right, said Mr. Weasley. Better get cracking 
then. 

He pushed up the sleeves of his robes and took out 
his wand. Harry saw the Dursleys draw back against 
the wall as one. 

Incendio\ said Mr. Weasley, pointing his wand at the 
hole in the wall behind him. 

Flames rose at once in the fireplace, crackling merrily 
as though they had been burning for hours. Mr. 
Weasley took a small drawstring bag from his pocket, 
untied it, took a pinch of the powder inside, and 
threw it onto the flames, which turned emerald green 
and roared higher than ever. 

Off you go then, Fred, said Mr. Weasley. 

Coming, said Fred. Oh no  hang on   

A bag of sweets had spilled out of Freds pocket and 
the contents were now rolling in every direction  
big, fat toffees in brightly colored wrappers. 



  51 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Fred scrambled around, cramming them back into his 
pocket, then gave the Dursleys a cheery wave, 
stepped forward, and walked right into the fire, saying 
the Burrow! Aunt Petunia gave a little shuddering 
gasp. There was a whooshing sound, and Fred 
vanished. 

Right then, George, said Mr. Weasley, you and the 
trunk. 

Harry helped George carry the trunk forward into the 
flames and turn it onto its end so that he could hold 
it better. Then, with a second whoosh, George had 
cried the Burrow! and vanished too. 

Ron, you next, said Mr. Weasley. 

See you, said Ron brightly to the Dursleys. He 
grinned broadly at Harry, then stepped into the fire, 
shouted the Burrow! and disappeared. 

Now Harry and Mr. Weasley alone remained. 

Well ... T>ye then, Harry said to the Dursleys. 

They didnt say anything at all. Harry moved toward 
the fire, but just as he reached the edge of the hearth, 
Mr. Weasley put out a hand and held him back. He 
was looking at the Dursleys in amazement. 

Harry said goodbye to you, he said. Didnt you 
hear him? 

It doesnt matter, Harry muttered to Mr. Weasley. 
Honestly, I dont care. 

Mr. Weasley did not remove his hand from Harrys 
shoulder. 



  52 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You arent going to see your nephew till next 
summer, he said to Uncle Vernon in mild 
indignation. Surely youre going to say goodbye? 

Uncle Vernons face worked furiously. The idea of 
being taught consideration by a man who had just 
blasted away half his living room wall seemed to be 
causing him intense suffering. But Mr. Weasleys 
wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernons tiny 
eyes darted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, 
Goodbye, then. 

See you, said Harry, putting one foot forward into 
the green flames, which felt pleasantly like warm 
breath. At that moment, however, a horrible gagging 
sound erupted behind him, and Aunt Petunia started 
to scream. 

Harry wheeled around. Dudley was no longer 
standing behind his parents. He was kneeling beside 
the coffee table, and he was gagging and sputtering 
on a footlong, purple, slimy thing that was 
protruding from his mouth. One bewildered second 
later, Harry realized that the footlong thing was 
Dudleys tongue  and that a brightly colored toffee 
wrapper lay on the floor before him. 

Aunt Petunia hurled herself onto the ground beside 
Dudley, seized the end of his swollen tongue, and 
attempted to wrench it out of his mouth; 
unsurprisingly, Dudley yelled and sputtered worse 
than ever, trying to fight her off. Uncle Vernon was 
bellowing and waving his arms around, and Mr. 
Weasley had to shout to make himself heard. 

Not to worry, I can sort him out! he yelled, 
advancing on Dudley with his wand outstretched, but 
Aunt Petunia screamed worse than ever and threw 



  53 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




herself on top of Dudley, shielding him from Mr. 
Weasley. 



No, really! said Mr. Weasley desperately. Its a 
simple process  it was the toffee  my son Fred  
real practical joker  but its only an Engorgement 
Charm  at least, I think it is  please, I can correct 



it   



But far from being reassured, the Dursleys became 
more panicstricken; Aunt Petunia was sobbing 
hysterically, tugging Dudleys tongue as though 
determined to rip it out; Dudley appeared to be 
suffocating under the combined pressure of his 
mother and his tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had 
lost control completely, seized a china figure from on 
top of the sideboard and threw it very hard at Mr. 
Weasley, who ducked, causing the ornament to 
shatter in the blasted fireplace. 

Now really! said Mr. Weasley angrily, brandishing 
his wand. Im trying to help\ 

Bellowing like a wounded hippo, Uncle Vernon 
snatched up another ornament. 

Harry, go! Just go! Mr. Weasley shouted, his wand 
on Uncle Vernon. Ill sort this out! 

Harry didnt want to miss the fun, but Uncle Vernons 
second ornament narrowly missed his left ear, and on 
balance he thought it best to leave the situation to 
Mr. Weasley. He stepped into the fire, looking over his 
shoulder as he said the Burrow! His last fleeting 
glimpse of the living room was of Mr. Weasley blasting 
a third ornament out of Uncle Vernons hand with his 
wand, Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of 
Dudley, and Dudleys tongue lolling around like a 
great slimy python. But next moment Harry had 
  54 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




begun to spin very fast, and the Dursleys living room 
was whipped out of sight in a rush of emeraldgreen 
flames. 



  55 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




5 




WEASLEYS WIZARD WHEEZES 

Harry spun faster and faster, elbows tucked tightly to 
his sides, blurred fireplaces flashing past him, until 
he started to feel sick and closed his eyes. Then, 
when at last he felt himself slowing down, he threw 
out his hands and came to a halt in time to prevent 
himself from falling face forward out of the Weasleys 
kitchen fire. 

Did he eat it? said Fred excitedly, holding out a 
hand to pull Harry to his feet. 

Yeah, said Harry, straightening up. What was it? 

TonTongue Toffee, said Fred brightly. George and I 
invented them, and weve been looking for someone to 
test them on all summer. ... 

The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter; Harry looked 
around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at 
the scrubbed wooden table with two redhaired people 
Harry had never seen before, though he knew 

  56 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



immediately who they must be: Bill and Charlie, the 
two eldest Weasley brothers. 



Howre you doing, Harry? said the nearer of the two, 
grinning at him and holding out a large hand, which 
Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under his 
fingers. This had to be Charlie, who worked with 
dragons in Romania. Charlie was built like the twins, 
shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were 
both long and lanky. He had a broad, goodnatured 
face, which was weatherbeaten and so freckly that he 
looked almost tanned; his arms were muscular, and 
one of them had a large, shiny burn on it. 

Bill got to his feet, smiling, and also shook Harrys 
hand. Bill came as something of a surprise. Harry 
knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, 
Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at 
Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an 
older version of Percy: fussy about rulebreaking and 
fond of bossing everyone around. However, Bill was  
there was no other word for it  cool. He was tall, 
with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He 
was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang 
dangling from it. Bills clothes would not have looked 
out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry 
recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of 
dragon hide. 

Before any of them could say anything else, there was 
a faint popping noise, and Mr. Weasley appeared out 
of thin air at Georges shoulder. He was looking 
angrier than Harry had ever seen him. 

That wasnt funny, Fred! he shouted. What on 
earth did you give that Muggle boy? 



  57 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I didnt give him anything, said Fred, with another 
evil grin. I just dropped it. ... It was his fault he went 
and ate it, I never told him to. 

You dropped it on purpose! roared Mr. Weasley. 

You knew hed eat it, you knew he was on a diet   

How big did his tongue get? George asked eagerly. 

It was four feet long before his parents would let me 
shrink it! 

Harry and the Weasleys roared with laughter again. 

It isnt funny\ Mr. Weasley shouted. That sort of 
behavior seriously undermines wizardMuggle 
relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the 
mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons   

We didnt give it to him because hes a Muggle! said 
Fred indignantly. 

No, we gave it to him because hes a great bullying 
git, said George. Isnt he, Harry? 

Yeah, he is, Mr. Weasley, said Harry earnestly. 

Thats not the point! raged Mr. Weasley. You wait 
until I tell your mother   

Tell me what? said a voice behind them. 

Mrs. Weasley had just entered the kitchen. She was a 
short, plump woman with a very kind face, though 
her eyes were presently narrowed with suspicion. 

Oh hello, Harry, dear, she said, spotting him and 
smiling. Then her eyes snapped back to her husband. 
Tell me what , Arthur? 

  58 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mr. Weasley hesitated. Harry could tell that, however 
angry he was with Fred and George, he hadnt really 
intended to tell Mrs. Weasley what had happened. 
There was a silence, while Mr. Weasley eyed his wife 
nervously. Then two girls appeared in the kitchen 
doorway behind Mrs. Weasley. One, with very bushy 
brown hair and rather large front teeth, was Harrys 
and Rons friend, Hermione Granger. The other, who 
was small and redhaired, was Rons younger sister, 
Ginny. Both of them smiled at Harry, who grinned 
back, which made Ginny go scarlet  she had been 
very taken with Harry ever since his first visit to the 
Burrow. 

Tell me what, Arthur? Mrs. Weasley repeated, in a 
dangerous sort of voice. 

Its nothing, Molly, mumbled Mr. Weasley, Fred and 
George just  but Ive had words with them   

What have they done this time? said Mrs. Weasley. 
If its got anything to do with Weasleys Wizard 
Wheezes   

Why dont you show Harry where hes sleeping, 

Ron? said Hermione from the doorway. 

He knows where hes sleeping, said Ron, in my 
room, he slept there last   

We can all go, said Hermione pointedly. 

Oh, said Ron, cottoning on. Right. 

Yeah, well come too, said George. 

You stay where you are! snarled Mrs. Weasley. 



  59 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and they, 
Hermione, and Ginny set off along the narrow hallway 
and up the rickety staircase that zigzagged through 
the house to the upper stories. 

What are Weasleys Wizard Wheezes? Harry asked 
as they climbed. 

Ron and Ginny both laughed, although Hermione 
didnt. 

Mum found this stack of order forms when she was 
cleaning Fred and Georges room, said Ron quietly. 
Great long price lists for stuff theyve invented. Joke 
stuff, you know. Fake wands and trick sweets, loads 
of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew theyd been 
inventing all that ... 

Weve been hearing explosions out of their room for 
ages, but we never thought they were actually making 
things, said Ginny. We thought they just liked the 
noise. 

Only, most of the stuff  well, all of it, really  was 
a bit dangerous, said Ron, and, you know, they were 
planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money, 
and Mum went mad at them. Told them they werent 
allowed to make any more of it, and burned all the 
order forms. ... Shes furious at them anyway. They 
didnt get as many O.W.L.s as she expected. 

O.W.L.s were Ordinary Wizarding Levels, the 
examinations Hogwarts students took at the age of 
fifteen. 

And then there was this big row, Ginny said, 
because Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of 
Magic like Dad, and they told her all they want to do 
is open a joke shop. 

  60 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Just then a door on the second landing opened, and a 
face poked out wearing hornrimmed glasses and a 
very annoyed expression. 

Hi, Percy, said Harry. 

Oh hello, Harry, said Percy. I was wondering who 
was making all the noise. Im trying to work in here, 
you know  Ive got a report to finish for the office  
and its rather difficult to concentrate when people 
keep thundering up and down the stairs. 

Were not thundering, said Ron irritably. Were 
walking. Sorry if weve disturbed the topsecret 
workings of the Ministry of Magic. 

What are you working on? said Harry. 

A report for the Department of International Magical 
Cooperation, said Percy smugly. Were trying to 
standardize cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign 
imports are just a shade too thin  leakages have 
been increasing at a rate of almost three percent a 
year   

Thatll change the world, that report will, said Ron. 
Front  of the Daily Prophet, I expect, cauldron 
leaks. 

Percy went slightly pink. 

You might sneer, Ron, he said heatedly, but unless 
some sort of international law is imposed we might 
well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow 
bottomed products that seriously endanger   

Yeah, yeah, all right, said Ron, and he started off 
upstairs again. Percy slammed his bedroom door 
shut. As Harry, Hermione, and Ginny followed Ron up 

  61 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




three more flights of stairs, shouts from the kitchen 
below echoed up to them. It sounded as though Mr. 
Weasley had told Mrs. Weasley about the toffees. 

The room at the top of the house where Ron slept 
looked much as it had the last time that Harry had 
come to stay: the same posters of Rons favorite 
Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling 
and waving on the walls and sloping ceiling, and the 
fish tank on the windowsill, which had previously 
held frog spawn, now contained one extremely large 
frog. Rons old rat, Scabbers, was here no more, but 
instead there was the tiny gray owl that had delivered 
Rons letter to Harry in Privet Drive. It was hopping 
up and down in a small cage and twittering madly. 

Shut up, Pig, said Ron, edging his way between two 
of the four beds that had been squeezed into the 
room. Fred and George are in here with us, because 
Bill and Charlie are in their room, he told Harry. 
Percy gets to keep his room all to himself because 
hes got to work. 

Er  why are you calling that owl Pig? Harry asked 
Ron. 

Because hes being stupid, said Ginny. Its proper 
name is Pigwidgeon. 

Yeah, and thats not a stupid name at all, said Ron 
sarcastically. Ginny named him, he explained to 
Harry. She reckons its sweet. And I tried to change 
it, but it was too late, he wont answer to anything 
else. So now hes Pig. Ive got to keep him up here 
because he annoys Errol and Hermes. He annoys me 
too, come to that. 

Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around his cage, hooting 
shrilly. Harry knew Ron too well to take him 

  62 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




seriously. He had moaned continually about his old 
rat, Scabbers, but had been most upset when 
Hermiones cat, Crookshanks, appeared to have eaten 
him. 

Wheres Crookshanks? Harry asked Hermione now. 

Out in the garden, I expect, she said. He likes 
chasing gnomes. Hes never seen any before. 

Percys enjoying work, then? said Harry, sitting 
down on one of the beds and watching the Chudley 
Cannons zooming in and out of the posters on the 
ceiling. 

Enjoying it? said Ron darkly. I dont reckon hed 
come home if Dad didnt make him. Hes obsessed. 
Just dont get him onto the subject of his boss. 
According to Mr. Crouch ... as I was saying to Mr. 
Crouch . . . Mr. Crouch is of the opinion . . . Mr. Crouch 
was telling me ... They 11 be announcing their 
engagement any day now. 

Have you had a good summer, Harry? said 
Hermione. Did you get our food parcels and 
everything? 

Yeah, thanks a lot, said Harry. They saved my life, 
those cakes. 

And have you heard from  ? Ron began, but at a 
look from Hermione he fell silent. Harry knew Ron 
had been about to ask about Sirius. Ron and 
Hermione had been so deeply involved in helping 
Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they 
were almost as concerned about Harrys godfather as 
he was. However, discussing him in front of Ginny 
was a bad idea. Nobody but themselves and Professor 



  63 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dumbledore knew about how Sirius had escaped, or 
believed in his innocence. 

I think theyve stopped arguing, said Hermione, to 
cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was 
looking curiously from Ron to Harry. Shall we go 
down and help your mum with dinner? 

Yeah, all right, said Ron. The four of them left Rons 
room and went back downstairs to find Mrs. Weasley 
alone in the kitchen, looking extremely badtempered. 

Were eating out in the garden, she said when they 
came in. Theres just not room for eleven people in 
here. Could you take the plates outside, girls? Bill 
and Charlie are setting up the tables. Knives and 
forks, please, you two, she said to Ron and Harry, 
pointing her wand a little more vigorously than she 
had intended at a pile of potatoes in the sink, which 
shot out of their skins so fast that they ricocheted off 
the walls and ceiling. 

Oh for heavens sake, she snapped, now directing 
her wand at a dustpan, which hopped off the 
sideboard and started skating across the floor, 
scooping up the potatoes. Those two! she burst out 
savagely, now pulling pots and pans out of a 
cupboard, and Harry knew she meant Fred and 
George. I dont know whats going to happen to them, 
I really dont. No ambition, unless you count making 
as much trouble as they possibly can. ... 

Mrs. Weasley slammed a large copper saucepan down 
on the kitchen table and began to wave her wand 
around inside it. A creamy sauce poured from the 
wand tip as she stirred. 

Its not as though they havent got brains, she 
continued irritably, taking the saucepan over to the 

  64 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




stove and lighting it with a further poke of her wand, 
but theyre wasting them, and unless they pull 
themselves together soon, theyll be in real trouble. 
Ive had more owls from Hogwarts about them than 
the rest put together. If they carry on the way theyre 
going, theyll end up in front of the Improper Use of 
Magic Office. 

Mrs. Weasley jabbed her wand at the cutlery drawer, 
which shot open. Harry and Ron both jumped out of 
the way as several knives soared out of it, flew across 
the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoes, which 
had just been tipped back into the sink by the 
dustpan. 

I dont know where we went wrong with them, said 
Mrs. Weasley, putting down her wand and starting to 
pull out still more saucepans. Its been the same for 
years, one thing after another, and they wont listen 
to  OH NOT AGAIN. 

She had picked up her wand from the table, and it 
had emitted a loud squeak and turned into a giant 
rubber mouse. 

One of their fake wands again! she shouted. How 
many times have I told them not to leave them lying 
around? 

She grabbed her real wand and turned around to find 
that the sauce on the stove was smoking. 

Cmon, Ron said hurriedly to Harry, seizing a 
handful of cutlery from the open drawer, lets go and 
help Bill and Charlie. 

They left Mrs. Weasley and headed out the back door 
into the yard. 



  65 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They had only gone a few paces when Hermiones 
bandylegged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came pelting 
out of the garden, bottlebrush tail held high in the 
air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on legs. 
Harry recognized it instantly as a gnome. Barely ten 
inches high, its horny little feet pattered very fast as it 
sprinted across the yard and dived headlong into one 
of the Wellington boots that lay scattered around the 
door. Harry could hear the gnome giggling madly as 
Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to 
reach it. Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise was 
coming from the other side of the house. The source 
of the commotion was revealed as they entered the 
garden, and saw that Bill and Charlie both had their 
wands out, and were making two battered old tables 
fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other, 
each attempting to knock the others out of the air. 
Fred and George were cheering, Ginny was laughing, 
and Hermione was hovering near the hedge, 
apparently torn between amusement and anxiety. 

Bills table caught Charlies with a huge bang and 
knocked one of its legs off. There was a clatter from 
overhead, and they all looked up to see Percys head 
poking out of a window on the second floor. 

Will you keep it down?! he bellowed. 

Sorry, Perce, said Bill, grinning. Howre the 
cauldron bottoms coming on? 

Very badly, said Percy peevishly, and he slammed 
the window shut. Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed 
the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then, 
with a flick of his wand, Bill reattached the table leg 
and conjured tablecloths from nowhere. 

By seven oclock, the two tables were groaning under 
dishes and dishes of Mrs. Weasleys excellent cooking, 

  66 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were 
settling themselves down to eat beneath a clear, deep 
blue sky. To somebody who had been living on meals 
of increasingly stale cake all summer, this was 
paradise, and at first, Harry listened rather than 
talked as he helped himself to chicken and ham pie, 
boiled potatoes, and salad. 

At the far end of the table, Percy was telling his father 
all about his report on cauldron bottoms. 

Ive told Mr. Crouch that Ill have it ready by 
Tuesday, Percy was saying pompously. Thats a bit 
sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of 
things. I think hell be grateful Ive done it in good 
time, I mean, its extremely busy in our department 
just now, what with all the arrangements for the 
World Cup. Were just not getting the support we 
need from the Department of Magical Games and 
Sports. Ludo Bagman   

I like Ludo, said Mr. Weasley mildly. He was the 
one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. I did 
him a bit of a favor: His brother, Otto, got into a spot 
of trouble  a lawnmower with unnatural powers  I 
smoothed the whole thing over. 

Oh Bagmans likable enough, of course, said Percy 
dismissively, but how he ever got to be Head of 
Department ... when I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I 
cant see Mr. Crouch losing a member of our 
department and not trying to find out whats 
happened to them. You realize Bertha Jorkins has 
been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday 
to Albania and never came back? 

Yes, I was asking Ludo about that, said Mr. 

Weasley, frowning. He says Berthas gotten lost 



  67 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




plenty of times before now  though I must say, if it 
was someone in my department, Id be worried. ... 

Oh Berthas hopeless, all right, said Percy. I hear 
shes been shunted from department to department 
for years, much more trouble than shes worth ... but 
all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find her. 
Mr. Crouch has been taking a personal interest, she 
worked in our department at one time, you know, and 
I think Mr. Crouch was quite fond of her  but 
Bagman just keeps laughing and saying she probably 
misread the map and ended up in Australia instead of 
Albania. However  Percy heaved an impressive sigh 
and took a deep swig of elderflower wine  weve got 
quite enough on our plates at the Department of 
International Magical Cooperation without trying to 
find members of other departments too. As you know, 
weve got another big event to organize right after the 
World Cup. 

Percy cleared his throat significantly and looked down 
toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione were sitting.  You know the one Im talking 
about, Father. He raised his voice slightly. The top 
secret one. 

Ron rolled his eyes and muttered to Harry and 
Hermione, Hes been trying to get us to ask what that 
event is ever since he started work. Probably an 
exhibition of thickbottomed cauldrons. 

In the middle of the table, Mrs. Weasley was arguing 
with Bill about his earring, which seemed to be a 
recent acquisition. 

... with a horrible great fang on it. Really, Bill, what 
do they say at the bank? 



  68 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mum, no one at the bank gives a damn how I dress 
as long as I bring home plenty of treasure, said Bill 
patiently. 

And your hairs getting silly, dear, said Mrs. 

Weasley, fingering her wand lovingly. I wish youd let 
me give it a trim. ... 

I like it, said Ginny, who was sitting beside Bill. 
Youre so oldfashioned, Mum. Anyway, its nowhere 
near as long as Professor Dumbledores. ... 

Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George, and Charlie were 
all talking spiritedly about the World Cup. 

Its got to be Ireland, said Charlie thickly, through a 
mouthful of potato. They flattened Peru in the 
semifinals. 

Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though, said Fred. 

Krums one decent player, Ireland has got seven, 
said Charlie shortly. I wish England had got through. 
That was embarrassing, that was. 

What happened? said Harry eagerly, regretting more 
than ever his isolation from the wizarding world when 
he was stuck on Privet Drive. 

Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and 
ninety to ten, said Charlie gloomily. Shocking 
performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland 
was slaughtered by Luxembourg. 

Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch 
team ever since his first year at Hogwarts and owned 
one of the best racing brooms in the world, a Firebolt. 
Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything 



  69 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




else in the magical world, and he played in the 
position of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team. 

Mr. Weasley conjured up candles to light the 
darkening garden before they had their homemade 
strawberry ice cream, and by the time they had 
finished, moths were fluttering low over the table, and 
the warm air was perfumed with the smells of grass 
and honeysuckle. Harry was feeling extremely well fed 
and at peace with the world as he watched several 
gnomes sprinting through the rosebushes, laughing 
madly and closely pursued by Crookshanks. 

Ron looked carefully up the table to check that the 
rest of the family were all busy talking, then he said 
very quietly to Harry, So  have you heard from 
Sirius lately? 

Hermione looked around, listening closely. 

Yeah, said Harry softly, twice. He sounds okay. I 
wrote to him yesterday. He might write back while Im 
here. 

He suddenly remembered the reason he had written 
to Sirius, and for a moment was on the verge of telling 
Ron and Hermione about his scar hurting again, and 
about the dream that had awoken him . . . but he 
really didnt want to worry them just now, not when 
he himself was feeling so happy and peaceful. 

Look at the time, Mrs. Weasley said suddenly, 
checking her wristwatch. You really should be in 
bed, the whole lot of you  youll be up at the crack 
of dawn to get to the Cup. Harry, if you leave your 
school list out, Ill get your things for you tomorrow in 
Diagon Alley. Im getting everyone elses. There might 
not be time after the World Cup, the match went on 
for five days last time. 

  70 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Wow  hope it does this time! said Harry 
enthusiastically. 

Well, I certainly dont, said Percy sanctimoniously. I 
shudder to think what the state of my intray would 
be if I was away from work for five days. 

Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in it again, 
eh, Perce? said Fred. 

That was a sample of fertilizer from Norway! said 
Percy, going very red in the face. It was nothing 
personall 

It was, Fred whispered to Harry as they got up from 
the table. We sent it. 



  71 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   







THE PORTKEY 

Harry felt as though he had barely lain down to sleep 
in Rons room when he was being shaken awake by 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Time to go, Harry, dear, she whispered, moving 
away to wake Ron. 

Harry felt around for his glasses, put them on, and 
sat up. It was still dark outside. Ron muttered 
indistinctly as his mother roused him. At the foot of 
Harrys mattress he saw two large, disheveled shapes 
emerging from tangles of blankets. 

 S time already? said Fred groggily. 

They dressed in silence, too sleepy to talk, then, 
yawning and stretching, the four of them headed 
downstairs into the kitchen. 

Mrs. Weasley was stirring the contents of a large pot 
on the stove, while Mr. Weasley was sitting at the 
table, checking a sheaf of large parchment tickets. He 

  72 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



looked up as the boys entered and spread his arms so 
that they could see his clothes more clearly. He was 
wearing what appeared to be a golfing sweater and a 
very old pair of jeans, slightly too big for him and held 
up with a thick leather belt. 

What dyou think? he asked anxiously. Were 
supposed to go incognito  do I look like a Muggle, 
Harry? 

Yeah, said Harry, smiling, very good. 

Where re Bill and Charlie and PerPerPercy? said 
George, failing to stifle a huge yawn. 

Well, theyre Apparating, arent they? said Mrs. 
Weasley, heaving the large pot over to the table and 
starting to ladle porridge into bowls. So they can 
have a bit of a liein. 

Harry knew that Apparating meant disappearing from 
one place and reappearing almost instantly in 
another, but had never known any Hogwarts student 
to do it, and understood that it was very difficult. 

So theyre still in bed? said Fred grumpily, pulling 
his bowl of porridge toward him. Why cant we 
Apparate too? 

Because youre not of age and you havent passed 
your test, snapped Mrs. Weasley. And where have 
those girls got to? 

She bustled out of the kitchen and they heard her 
climbing the stairs. 

You have to pass a test to Apparate? Harry asked. 



  73 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh yes, said Mr. Weasley, tucking the tickets safely 
into the back pocket of his jeans. The Department of 
Magical Transportation had to fine a couple of people 
the other day for Apparating without a license. Its not 
easy, Apparition, and when its not done properly it 
can lead to nasty complications. This pair Im talking 
about went and splinched themselves. 

Everyone around the table except Harry winced. 

Er  splinched? said Harry. 

They left half of themselves behind, said Mr. 

Weasley, now spooning large amounts of treacle onto 
his porridge. So, of course, they were stuck. Couldnt 
move either way. Had to wait for the Accidental Magic 
Reversal Squad to sort them out. Meant a fair old bit 
of paperwork, I can tell you, what with the Muggles 
who spotted the body parts theyd left behind. ... 

Harry had a sudden vision of a pair of legs and an 
eyeball lying abandoned on the pavement of Privet 
Drive. 

Were they okay? he asked, startled. 

Oh yes, said Mr. Weasley matteroffactly. But they 
got a heavy fine, and I dont think theyll be trying it 
again in a hurry. You dont mess around with 
Apparition. There are plenty of adult wizards who 
dont bother with it. Prefer brooms  slower, but 
safer. 

But Bill and Charlie and Percy can all do it? 

Charlie had to take the test twice, said Fred, 
grinning. He failed the first time, Apparated five 
miles south of where he meant to, right on top of 
some poor old dear doing her shopping, remember? 

  74 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yes, well, he passed the second time, said Mrs. 
Weasley, marching back into the kitchen amid hearty 
sniggers. 

Percy only passed two weeks ago, said George. Hes 
been Apparating downstairs every morning since, just 
to prove he can. 

There were footsteps down the passageway and 
Hermione and Ginny came into the kitchen, both 
looking pale and drowsy. 

Why do we have to be up so early? Ginny said, 
rubbing her eyes and sitting down at the table. 

Weve got a bit of a walk, said Mr. Weasley. 

Walk? said Harry. What, are we walking to the 
World Cup? 

No, no, thats miles away, said Mr. Weasley, smiling. 
We only need to walk a short way. Its just that its 
very difficult for a large number of wizards to 
congregate without attracting Muggle attention. We 
have to be very careful about how we travel at the 
best of times, and on a huge occasion like the 
Quidditch World Cup   

George! said Mrs. Weasley sharply, and they all 
jumped. 

What? said George, in an innocent tone that 
deceived nobody. 

What is that in your pocket? 

Nothing! 

Dont you lie to me! 

  75 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at Georges pocket 
and said, Acciol 

Several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of 
Georges pocket; he made a grab for them but missed, 
and they sped right into Mrs. Weasley s outstretched 
hand. 

We told you to destroy them! said Mrs. Weasley 
furiously, holding up what were unmistakably more 
TonTongue Toffees. We told you to get rid of the lot! 
Empty your pockets, go on, both of you! 

It was an unpleasant scene; the twins had evidently 
been trying to smuggle as many toffees out of the 
house as possible, and it was only by using her 
Summoning Charm that Mrs. Weasley managed to 
find them all. 

Acciol Acciol Acciol she shouted, and toffees zoomed 
from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining 
of Georges jacket and the turnups of Freds jeans. 

We spent six months developing those! Fred 
shouted at his mother as she threw the toffees away. 

Oh a fine way to spend six months! she shrieked. 

No wonder you didnt get more O.W.L.s! 

All in all, the atmosphere was not very friendly as 
they took their departure. Mrs. Weasley was still 
glowering as she kissed Mr. Weasley on the cheek, 
though not nearly as much as the twins, who had 
each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and 
walked out without a word to her. 

Well, have a lovely time, said Mrs. Weasley, and 
behave yourselves, she called after the twins 
retreating backs, but they did not look back or 

  76 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




answer. Ill send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along 
around midday, Mrs. Weasley said to Mr. Weasley, as 
he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off across 
the dark yard after Fred and George. 

It was chilly and the moon was still out. Only a dull, 
greenish tinge along the horizon to their right showed 
that daybreak was drawing closer. Harry, having been 
thinking about thousands of wizards speeding toward 
the Quidditch World Cup, sped up to walk with Mr. 
Weasley. 

So how does everyone get there without all the 
Muggles noticing? he asked. 

Its been a massive organizational problem, sighed 
Mr. Weasley. The trouble is, about a hundred 
thousand wizards turn up at the World Cup, and of 
course, we just havent got a magical site big enough 
to accommodate them all. There are places Muggles 
cant penetrate, but imagine trying to pack a hundred 
thousand wizards into Diagon Alley or platform nine 
and threequarters. So we had to find a nice deserted 
moor, and set up as many antiMuggle precautions as 
possible. The whole Ministrys been working on it for 
months. First, of course, we have to stagger the 
arrivals. People with cheaper tickets have to arrive 
two weeks beforehand. A limited number use Muggle 
transport, but we cant have too many clogging up 
their buses and trains  remember, wizards are 
coming from all over the world. Some Apparate, of 
course, but we have to set up safe points for them to 
appear, well away from Muggles. I believe theres a 
handy wood theyre using as the Apparition point. For 
those who dont want to Apparate, or cant, we use 
Portkeys. Theyre objects that are used to transport 
wizards from one spot to another at a prearranged 
time. You can do large groups at a time if you need to. 
There have been two hundred Portkeys placed at 
  77 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




strategic points around Britain, and the nearest one 
to us is up at the top of Stoatshead Hill, so thats 
where were headed. 

Mr. Weasley pointed ahead of them, where a large 
black mass rose beyond the village of Ottery St. 
Catchpole. 

What sort of objects are Portkeys? said Harry 
curiously. 

Well, they can be anything, said Mr. Weasley. 
Unobtrusive things, obviously, so Muggles dont go 
picking them up and playing with them . . . stuff theyll 
just think is litter. ... 

They trudged down the dark, dank lane toward the 
village, the silence broken only by their footsteps. The 
sky lightened very slowly as they made their way 
through the village, its inky blackness diluting to 
deepest blue. Harrys hands and feet were freezing. 

Mr. Weasley kept checking his watch. 

They didnt have breath to spare for talking as they 
began to climb Stoatshead Hill, stumbling 
occasionally in hidden rabbit holes, slipping on thick 
black tuffets of grass. Each breath Harry took was 
sharp in his chest and his legs were starting to seize 
up when, at last, his feet found level ground. 

Whew, panted Mr. Weasley, taking off his glasses 
and wiping them on his sweater. Well, weve made 
good time  weve got ten minutes. ... 

Hermione came over the crest of the hill last, 
clutching a stitch in her side. 



  78 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Now we just need the Portkey, said Mr. Weasley, 
replacing his glasses and squinting around at the 
ground. It wont be big. ... Come on ... 

They spread out, searching. They had only been at it 
for a couple of minutes, however, when a shout rent 
the still air. 

Over here, Arthur! Over here, son, weve got it! 

Two tall figures were silhouetted against the starry 
sky on the other side of the hilltop. 

Amos! said Mr. Weasley, smiling as he strode over to 
the man who had shouted. The rest of them followed. 

Mr. Weasley was shaking hands with a ruddyfaced 
wizard with a scrubby brown beard, who was holding 
a moldylooking old boot in his other hand. 

This is Amos Diggory, everyone, said Mr. Weasley. 
He works for the Department for the Regulation and 
Control of Magical Creatures. And I think you know 
his son, Cedric? 

Cedric Diggory was an extremely handsome boy of 
around seventeen. He was Captain and Seeker of the 
Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts. 

Hi, said Cedric, looking around at them all. 

Everybody said hi back except Fred and George, who 
merely nodded. They had never quite forgiven Cedric 
for beating their team, Gryffindor, in the first 
Quidditch match of the previous year. 

Long walk, Arthur? Cedrics father asked. 



  79 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Not too bad, said Mr. Weasley. We live just on the 
other side of the village there. You? 

Had to get up at two, didnt we, Ced? I tell you, Ill be 
glad when hes got his Apparition test. Still ... not 
complaining ... Quidditch World Cup, wouldnt miss it 
for a sackful of Galleons  and the tickets cost about 
that. Mind you, looks like I got off easy. ... Amos 
Diggory peered goodnaturedly around at the three 
Weasley boys, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. All these 
yours, Arthur? 

Oh no, only the redheads, said Mr. Weasley, 
pointing out his children. This is Hermione, friend of 
Rons  and Harry, another friend   

Merlins beard, said Amos Diggory, his eyes 
widening. Harry? Harry Potter? 

Er  yeah, said Harry. 

Harry was used to people looking curiously at him 
when they met him, used to the way their eyes moved 
at once to the lightning scar on his forehead, but it 
always made him feel uncomfortable. 

Ceds talked about you, of course, said Amos 
Diggory. Told us all about playing against you last 
year. ... I said to him, I said  Ced, thatll be 
something to tell your grandchildren, that will. ... You 
beat Harry Potterl 

Harry couldnt think of any reply to this, so he 
remained silent. Fred and George were both scowling 
again. Cedric looked slightly embarrassed. 

Harry fell off his broom, Dad, he muttered. I told 
you ... it was an accident. ... 



  80 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yes, but you didnt fall off, did you? roared Amos 
genially, slapping his son on his back. Always 
modest, our Ced, always the gentleman ... but the 
best man won, Im sure Harryd say the same, 
wouldnt you, eh? One falls off his broom, one stays 
on, you dont need to be a genius to tell which ones 
the better flier! 

Must be nearly time, said Mr. Weasley quickly, 
pulling out his watch again. Do you know whether 
were waiting for any more, Amos? 

No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already 
and the Fawcetts couldnt get tickets, said Mr. 
Diggory. There arent any more of us in this area, are 
there? 

Not that I know of, said Mr. Weasley. Yes, its a 
minute off. ... Wed better get ready. ... 

He looked around at Harry and Hermione. 

You just need to touch the Portkey, thats all, a 
finger will do   

With difficulty, owing to their bulky backpacks, the 
nine of them crowded around the old boot held out by 
Amos Diggory. 

They all stood there, in a tight circle, as a chill breeze 
swept over the hilltop. Nobody spoke. It suddenly 
occurred to Harry how odd this would look if a 
Muggle were to walk up here now ... nine people, two 
of them grown men, clutching this manky old boot in 
the semidarkness, waiting. ... 

Three ... muttered Mr. Weasley, one eye still on his 
watch, two ... one ... 



  81 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It happened immediately: Harry felt as though a hook 
just behind his navel had been suddenly jerked 
irresistibly forward. His feet left the ground; he could 
feel Ron and Hermione on either side of him, their 
shoulders banging into his; they were all speeding 
forward in a howl of wind and swirling color; his 
forefinger was stuck to the boot as though it was 
pulling him magnetically onward and then  

His feet slammed into the ground; Ron staggered into 
him and he fell over; the Portkey hit the ground near 
his head with a heavy thud. 

Harry looked up. Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory, and 
Cedric were still standing, though looking very 
windswept; everybody else was on the ground. 

Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill, said a voice. 



  82 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




7 




BAGMAN AND CROUCH 

Harry disentangled himself from Ron and got to his 
feet. They had arrived on what appeared to be a 
deserted stretch of misty moor. In front of them was a 
pair of tired and grumpylooking wizards, one of 
whom was holding a large gold watch, the other a 
thick roll of parchment and a quill. Both were dressed 
as Muggles, though very inexpertly: The man with the 
watch wore a tweed suit with thighlength galoshes; 
his colleague, a kilt and a poncho. 

Morning, Basil, said Mr. Weasley, picking up the 
boot and handing it to the kilted wizard, who threw it 
into a large box of used Portkeys beside him; Harry 
could see an old newspaper, an empty drinks can, 
and a punctured football. 

Hello there, Arthur, said Basil wearily. Not on duty, 
eh? Its all right for some. ... Weve been here all 
night. ... Youd better get out of the way, weve got a 
big party coming in from the Black Forest at five 
fifteen. Hang on, Ill find your campsite. ... Weasley ... 
Weasley ... He consulted his parchment list. About a 
  83 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



quarter of a miles walk over there, first field you 
come to. Site managers called Mr. Roberts. Diggory ... 
second field ... ask for Mr. Payne. 

Thanks, Basil, said Mr. Weasley, and he beckoned 
everyone to follow him. 

They set off across the deserted moor, unable to make 
out much through the mist. After about twenty 
minutes, a small stone cottage next to a gate swam 
into view. Beyond it, Harry could just make out the 
ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, 
rising up the gentle slope of a large field toward a 
dark wood on the horizon. They said goodbye to the 
Diggorys and approached the cottage door. 

A man was standing in the doorway, looking out at 
the tents. Harry knew at a glance that this was the 
only real Muggle for several acres. When he heard 
their footsteps, he turned his head to look at them. 

Morning! said Mr. Weasley brightly. 

Morning, said the Muggle. 

Would you be Mr. Roberts? 

Aye, I would, said Mr. Roberts. And whore you? 

Weasley  two tents, booked a couple of days ago? 

Aye, said Mr. Roberts, consulting a list tacked to the 
door. Youve got a space up by the wood there. Just 
the one night? 

Thats it, said Mr. Weasley. 

Youll be paying now, then? said Mr. Roberts. 



  84 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ah  right  certainly   said Mr. Weasley. He 
retreated a short distance from the cottage and 
beckoned Harry toward him. Help me, Harry, he 
muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from his 
pocket and starting to peel the notes apart. This 
ones a  a  a ten? Ah yes, I see the little number 
on it now. ... So this is a five? 

A twenty, Harry corrected him in an undertone, 
uncomfortably aware of Mr. Roberts trying to catch 
every word. 

Ah yes, so it is. ... I dont know, these little bits of 
paper ... 

You foreign? said Mr. Roberts as Mr. Weasley 
returned with the correct notes. 

Foreign? repeated Mr. Weasley, puzzled. 

Youre not the first one whos had trouble with 
money, said Mr. Roberts, scrutinizing Mr. Weasley 
closely. I had two try and pay me with great gold 
coins the size of hubcaps ten minutes ago. 

Did you really? said Mr. Weasley nervously. 

Mr. Roberts rummaged around in a tin for some 
change. 

Never been this crowded, he said suddenly, looking 
out over the misty field again. Hundreds of pre 
bookings. People usually just turn up. ... 

Is that right? said Mr. Weasley, his hand held out 
for his change, but Mr. Roberts didnt give it to him. 

Aye, he said thoughtfully. People from all over. 
Loads of foreigners. And not just foreigners. Weirdos, 

  85 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




you know? Theres a bloke walking round in a kilt 
and a poncho. 

Shouldnt he? said Mr. Weasley anxiously. 

Its like some sort of ... I dunno ... like some sort of 
rally, said Mr. Roberts. They all seem to know each 
other. Like a big party. 

At that moment, a wizard in plusfours appeared out 
of thin air next to Mr. Robertss front door. 

Obliviate\ he said sharply, pointing his wand at Mr. 
Roberts. 

Instantly, Mr. Robertss eyes slid out of focus, his 
brows unknitted, and a look of dreamy unconcern fell 
over his face. Harry recognized the symptoms of one 
who had just had his memory modified. 

A map of the campsite for you, Mr. Roberts said 
placidly to Mr. Weasley. And your change. 

Thanks very much, said Mr. Weasley. 

The wizard in plusfours accompanied them toward 
the gate to the campsite. He looked exhausted: His 
chin was blue with stubble and there were deep 
purple shadows under his eyes. Once out of earshot 
of Mr. Roberts, he muttered to Mr. Weasley, Been 
having a lot of trouble with him. Needs a Memory 
Charm ten times a day to keep him happy. And Ludo 
Bagmans not helping. Trotting around talking about 
Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his voice, not a 
worry about antiMuggle security. Blimey, Ill be glad 
when this is over. See you later, Arthur. 

He Disapparated. 



  86 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I thought Mr. Bagman was Head of Magical Games 
and Sports, said Ginny, looking surprised. He 
should know better than to talk about Bludgers near 
Muggles, shouldnt he? 

He should, said Mr. Weasley, smiling, and leading 
them through the gates into the campsite, but Ludos 
always been a bit ... well ... lax about security. You 
couldnt wish for a more enthusiastic head of the 
sports department though. He played Quidditch for 
England himself, you know. And he was the best 
Beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever had. 

They trudged up the misty field between long rows of 
tents. Most looked almost ordinary; their owners had 
clearly tried to make them as Mugglelike as possible, 
but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bellpulls, 
or weather vanes. However, here and there was a tent 
so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be 
surprised that Mr. Roberts was getting suspicious. 
Halfway up the field stood an extravagant confection 
of striped silk like a miniature palace, with several 
live peacocks tethered at the entrance. A little farther 
on they passed a tent that had three floors and 
several turrets; and a short way beyond that was a 
tent that had a front garden attached, complete with 
birdbath, sundial, and fountain. 

Always the same, said Mr. Weasley, smiling. We 
cant resist showing off when we get together. Ah, 
here we are, look, this is us. 

They had reached the very edge of the wood at the top 
of the field, and here was an empty space, with a 
small sign hammered into the ground that read 
WEEZLY. 

Couldnt have a better spot! said Mr. Weasley 
happily. The field is just on the other side of the 

  87 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




wood there, were as close as we could be. He hoisted 
his backpack from his shoulders. Right, he said 
excitedly, no magic allowed, strictly speaking, not 
when were out in these numbers on Muggle land. 
Well be putting these tents up by hand! Shouldnt be 
too difficult. ... Muggles do it all the time. ... Here, 
Harry, where do you reckon we should start? 

Harry had never been camping in his life; the 
Dursleys had never taken him on any kind of holiday, 
preferring to leave him with Mrs. Figg, an old 
neighbor. However, he and Hermione worked out 
where most of the poles and pegs should go, and 
though Mr. Weasley was more of a hindrance than a 
help, because he got thoroughly overexcited when it 
came to using the mallet, they finally managed to 
erect a pair of shabby twoman tents. 

All of them stood back to admire their handiwork. 
Nobody looking at these tents would guess they 
belonged to wizards, Harry thought, but the trouble 
was that once Bill, Charlie, and Percy arrived, they 
would be a party of ten. Hermione seemed to have 
spotted this problem too; she gave Harry a quizzical 
look as Mr. Weasley dropped to his hands and knees 
and entered the first tent. 

Well be a bit cramped, he called, but I think well 
all squeeze in. Come and have a look. 

Harry bent down, ducked under the tent flap, and felt 
his jaw drop. He had walked into what looked like an 
oldfashioned, threeroom flat, complete with 
bathroom and kitchen. Oddly enough, it was 
furnished in exactly the same sort of style as Mrs. 
Figgs house: There were crocheted covers on the 
mismatched chairs and a strong smell of cats. 



  88 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, its not for long, said Mr. Weasley, mopping his 
bald patch with a handkerchief and peering in at the 
four bunk beds that stood in the bedroom. I 
borrowed this from Perkins at the office. Doesnt 
camp much anymore, poor fellow, hes got lumbago. 

He picked up the dusty kettle and peered inside it. 
Well need water. ... 

Theres a tap marked on this map the Muggle gave 
us, said Ron, who had followed Harry inside the tent 
and seemed completely unimpressed by its 
extraordinary inner proportions. Its on the other 
side of the field. 

Well, why dont you, Harry, and Hermione go and get 
us some water then  Mr. Weasley handed over the 
kettle and a couple of saucepans  and the rest of 
us will get some wood for a fire? 

But weve got an oven, said Ron. Why cant we just 



Ron, antiMuggle security! said Mr. Weasley, his 
face shining with anticipation. When real Muggles 
camp, they cook on fires outdoors. Ive seen them at 



it! 






After a quick tour of the girls tent, which was slightly 
smaller than the boys, though without the smell of 
cats, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off across the 
campsite with the kettle and saucepans. 

Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting, 
they could see the city of tents that stretched in every 
direction. They made their way slowly through the 
rows, staring eagerly around. It was only just 
dawning on Harry how many witches and wizards 



  89 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




there must be in the world; he had never really 
thought much about those in other countries. 

Their fellow campers were starting to wake up. First 
to stir were the families with small children; Harry 
had never seen witches and wizards this young 
before. A tiny boy no older than two was crouched 
outside a large pyramidshaped tent, holding a wand 
and poking happily at a slug in the grass, which was 
swelling slowly to the size of a salami. As they drew 
level with him, his mother came hurrying out of the 
tent. 

 How ma.ny times, Kevin? You dont  touch  
Daddys  wand  yecchh! 

She had trodden on the giant slug, which burst. Her 
scolding carried after them on the still air, mingling 
with the little boys yells  You bust slug! You bust 
slug! 

A short way farther on, they saw two little witches, 
barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy 
broomsticks that rose only high enough for the girls 
toes to skim the dewy grass. A Ministry wizard had 
already spotted them; as he hurried past Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione he muttered distractedly, In broad 
daylight! Parents having a liein, I suppose   

Here and there adult wizards and witches were 
emerging from their tents and starting to cook 
breakfast. Some, with furtive looks around them, 
conjured fires with their wands; others were striking 
matches with dubious looks on their faces, as though 
sure this couldnt work. Three African wizards sat in 
serious conversation, all of them wearing long white 
robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit on a 
bright purple fire, while a group of middleaged 
American witches sat gossiping happily beneath a 
  90 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




spangled banner stretched between their tents that 
read: THE SALEM WITCHES INSTITUTE. Harry 
caught snatches of conversation in strange languages 
from the inside of tents they passed, and though he 
couldnt understand a word, the tone of every single 
voice was excited. 

Er  is it my eyes, or has everything gone green? 
said Ron. 

It wasnt just Rons eyes. They had walked into a 
patch of tents that were all covered with a thick 
growth of shamrocks, so that it looked as though 
small, oddly shaped hillocks had sprouted out of the 
earth. Grinning faces could be seen under those that 
had their flaps open. Then, from behind them, they 
heard their names. 

Harry! Ron! Hermione! 

It was Seamus Finnigan, their fellow Gryffindor fourth 
year. He was sitting in front of his own shamrock 
covered tent, with a sandyhaired woman who had to 
be his mother, and his best friend, Dean Thomas, 
also of Gryffindor. 

Like the decorations? said Seamus, grinning. The 
Ministrys not too happy. 

Ah, why shouldnt we show our colors? said Mrs. 
Finnigan. You should see what the Bulgarians have 
got dangling all over their tents. Youll be supporting 
Ireland, of course? she added, eyeing Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione beadily. When they had assured her 
that they were indeed supporting Ireland, they set off 
again, though, as Ron said, Like wed say anything 
else surrounded by that lot. 



  91 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I wonder what the Bulgarians have got dangling all 
over their tents? said Hermione. 

Lets go and have a look, said Harry, pointing to a 
large patch of tents upheld, where the Bulgarian flag 
 white, green, and red  was fluttering in the 
breeze. 

The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, 
but each and every one of them had the same poster 
attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy 
black eyebrows. The picture was, of course, moving, 
but all it did was blink and scowl. 

Krum, said Ron quietly. 

What? said Hermione. 

Krum! said Ron. Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian 
Seeker! 

He looks really grumpy, said Hermione, looking 
around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at 
them. 

 Really grumpy? Ron raised his eyes to the 
heavens. Who cares what he looks like? Hes 
unbelievable. Hes really young too. Only just eighteen 
or something. Hes a genius, you wait until tonight, 
youll see. 

There was already a small queue for the tap in the 
corner of the field. Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined 
it, right behind a pair of men who were having a 
heated argument. One of them was a very old wizard 
who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. The other 
was clearly a Ministry wizard; he was holding out a 
pair of pinstriped trousers and almost crying with 
exasperation. 

  92 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Just put them on, Archie, theres a good chap. You 
cant walk around like that, the Muggle at the gates 
already getting suspicious   

I bought this in a Muggle shop, said the old wizard 
stubbornly. Muggles wear them. 

Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, they 
wear these, said the Ministry wizard, and he 
brandished the pinstriped trousers. 

Im not putting them on, said old Archie in 
indignation. I like a healthy breeze round my 
privates, thanks. 

Hermione was overcome with such a strong fit of the 
giggles at this point that she had to duck out of the 
queue and only returned when Archie had collected 
his water and moved away. 

Walking more slowly now, because of the weight of 
the water, they made their way back through the 
campsite. Here and there, they saw more familiar 
faces: other Hogwarts students with their families. 
Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harrys House 
Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged 
Harry over to his parents tent to introduce him, and 
told him excitedly that he had just been signed to the 
Puddlemere United reserve team. Next they were 
hailed by Ernie Macmillan, a Hufflepuff fourth year, 
and a little farther on they saw Cho Chang, a very 
pretty girl who played Seeker on the Ravenclaw team. 
She waved and smiled at Harry, who slopped quite a 
lot of water down his front as he waved back. More to 
stop Ron from smirking than anything, Harry 
hurriedly pointed out a large group of teenagers 
whom he had never seen before. 



  93 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Who dyou reckon they are? he said. They dont go 
to Hogwarts, do they? 



 Spect they go to some foreign school, said Ron. I 
know there are others. Never met anyone who went to 
one, though. Bill had a penfriend at a school in Brazil 
. . . this was years and years ago . . . and he wanted to 
go on an exchange trip but Mum and Dad couldnt 
afford it. His penfriend got all offended when he said 
he wasnt going and sent him a cursed hat. It made 
his ears shrivel up. 

Harry laughed but didnt voice the amazement he felt 
at hearing about other wizarding schools. He 
supposed, now that he saw representatives of so 
many nationalities in the campsite, that he had been 
stupid never to realize that Hogwarts couldnt be the 
only one. He glanced at Hermione, who looked utterly 
unsurprised by the information. No doubt she had 
run across the news about other wizarding schools in 
some book or other. 

Youve been ages, said George when they finally got 
back to the Weasleys tents. 

Met a few people, said Ron, setting the water down. 
You not got that fire started yet? 

Dads having fun with the matches, said Fred. 

Mr. Weasley was having no success at all in lighting 
the fire, but it wasnt for lack of trying. Splintered 
matches littered the ground around him, but he 
looked as though he was having the time of his life. 

Oops! he said as he managed to light a match and 
promptly dropped it in surprise. 



  94 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Come here, Mr. Weasley, said Hermione kindly, 
taking the box from him, and showing him how to do 
it properly. 

At last they got the fire lit, though it was at least 
another hour before it was hot enough to cook 
anything. There was plenty to watch while they 
waited, however. Their tent seemed to be pitched right 
alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the field, and 
Ministry members kept hurrying up and down it, 
greeting Mr. Weasley cordially as they passed. Mr. 
Weasley kept up a running commentary, mainly for 
Harrys and Hermiones benefit; his own children 
knew too much about the Ministry to be greatly 
interested. 

That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin 
Liaison Office. ... Here comes Gilbert Wimple; hes 
with the Committee on Experimental Charms; hes 
had those horns for awhile now. ... Hello, Arnie ... 
Arnold Peasegood, hes an Obliviator  member of the 
Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, you know. ... and 
thats Bode and Croaker ... theyre Unspeakables. ... 

Theyre what? 

From the Department of Mysteries, top secret, no 
idea what they get up to. ... 

At last, the fire was ready, and they had just started 
cooking eggs and sausages when Bill, Charlie, and 
Percy came strolling out of the woods toward them. 

Just Apparated, Dad, said Percy loudly. Ah, 
excellent, lunch! 

They were halfway through their plates of eggs and 
sausages when Mr. Weasley jumped to his feet, 
waving and grinning at a man who was striding 

  95 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




toward them. Aha! he said. The man of the 
moment! Ludo! 

Ludo Bagman was easily the most noticeable person 
Harry had seen so far, even including old Archie in 
his flowered nightdress. He was wearing long 
Quidditch robes in thick horizontal stripes of bright 
yellow and black. An enormous picture of a wasp was 
splashed across his chest. He had the look of a 
powerfully built man gone slightly to seed; the robes 
were stretched tightly across a large belly he surely 
had not had in the days when he had played 
Quidditch for England. His nose was squashed 
(probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), 
but his round blue eyes, short blond hair, and rosy 
complexion made him look like a very overgrown 
schoolboy. 

Ahoy there! Bagman called happily. He was walking 
as though he had springs attached to the balls of his 
feet and was plainly in a state of wild excitement. 

Arthur, old man, he puffed as he reached the 
campfire, what a day, eh? What a day! Could we 
have asked for more perfect weather? A cloudless 
night coming . . . and hardly a hiccough in the 
arrangements. ... Not much for me to do! 

Behind him, a group of haggardlooking Ministry 
wizards rushed past, pointing at the distant evidence 
of some sort of a magical fire that was sending violet 
sparks twenty feet into the air. 

Percy hurried forward with his hand outstretched. 
Apparently his disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman 
ran his department did not prevent him from wanting 
to make a good impression. 



  96 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ah  yes, said Mr. Weasley, grinning, this is my 
son Percy. Hes just started at the Ministry  and 
this is Fred  no, George, sorry  thats Fred  Bill, 
Charlie, Ron  my daughter, Ginny  and Rons 
friends, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter. 

Bagman did the smallest of double takes when he 
heard Harrys name, and his eyes performed the 
familiar flick upward to the scar on Harrys forehead. 

Everyone, Mr. Weasley continued, this is Ludo 
Bagman, you know who he is, its thanks to him weve 
got such good tickets   

Bagman beamed and waved his hand as if to say it 
had been nothing. 

Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur? he said 
eagerly, jingling what seemed to be a large amount of 
gold in the pockets of his yellowandblack robes. Ive 
already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will 
score first  I offered him nice odds, considering 
Irelands front three are the strongest Ive seen in 
years  and little Agatha Timms has put up half 
shares in her eel farm on a weeklong match. 

Oh ... go on then, said Mr. Weasley. Lets see ... a 
Galleon on Ireland to win? 

A Galleon? Ludo Bagman looked slightly 
disappointed, but recovered himself. Very well, very 
well . . . any other takers? 

Theyre a bit young to be gambling, said Mr. 

Weasley. Molly wouldnt like   

Well bet thirtyseven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, three 
Knuts, said Fred as he and George quickly pooled all 



  97 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




their money, that Ireland wins  but Viktor Krum 
gets the Snitch. Oh and well throw in a fake wand. 



You dont want to go showing Mr. Bagman rubbish 
like that   Percy hissed, but Bagman didnt seem to 
think the wand was rubbish at all; on the contrary, 
his boyish face shone with excitement as he took it 
from Fred, and when the wand gave a loud squawk 
and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman roared 
with laughter. 

Excellent! I havent seen one that convincing in 
years! Id pay five Galleons for that! 

Percy froze in an attitude of stunned disapproval. 

Boys, said Mr. Weasley under his breath, I dont 
want you betting. ... Thats all your savings. ... Your 
mother   

Dont be a spoilsport, Arthur! boomed Ludo 
Bagman, rattling his pockets excitedly. Theyre old 
enough to know what they want! You reckon Ireland 
will win but Krum ll get the Snitch? Not a chance, 
boys, not a chance. ... Ill give you excellent odds on 
that one. ... Well add five Galleons for the funny 
wand, then, shall we. ... 

Mr. Weasley looked on helplessly as Ludo Bagman 
whipped out a notebook and quill and began jotting 
down the twins names. 

Cheers, said George, taking the slip of parchment 
Bagman handed him and tucking it away carefully. 
Bagman turned most cheerfully back to Mr. Weasley. 

Couldnt do me a brew, I suppose? Im keeping an 
eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian opposite 
numbers making difficulties, and I cant understand 

  98 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




a word hes saying. Bartyll be able to sort it out. He 
speaks about a hundred and fifty languages. 

Mr. Crouch? said Percy, suddenly abandoning his 
look of pokerstiff disapproval and positively writhing 
with excitement. He speaks over two hundred! 
Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll ... 

Anyone can speak Troll, said Fred dismissively. All 
you have to do is point and grunt. 

Percy threw Fred an extremely nasty look and stoked 
the fire vigorously to bring the kettle back to the boil. 

Any news of Bertha Jorkins yet, Ludo? Mr. Weasley 
asked as Bagman settled himself down on the grass 
beside them all. 

Not a dicky bird, said Bagman comfortably. But 
shell turn up. Poor old Bertha ... memory like a leaky 
cauldron and no sense of direction. Lost, you take my 
word for it. Shell wander back into the office 
sometime in October, thinking its still July. 

You dont think it might be time to send someone to 
look for her? Mr. Weasley suggested tentatively as 
Percy handed Bagman his tea. 

Barty Crouch keeps saying that, said Bagman, his 
round eyes widening innocently, but we really cant 
spare anyone at the moment. Oh  talk of the devil! 
Barty! 

A wizard had just Apparated at their fireside, and he 
could not have made more of a contrast with Ludo 
Bagman, sprawled on the grass in his old Wasp 
robes. Barty Crouch was a stiff, upright, elderly man, 
dressed in an impeccably crisp suit and tie. The 
parting in his short gray hair was almost unnaturally 
  99 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




straight, and his narrow toothbrush mustache looked 
as though he trimmed it using a slide rule. His shoes 
were very highly polished. Harry could see at once 
why Percy idolized him. Percy was a great believer in 
rigidly following rules, and Mr. Crouch had complied 
with the rule about Muggle dressing so thoroughly 
that he could have passed for a bank manager; Harry 
doubted even Uncle Vernon would have spotted him 
for what he really was. 

Pull up a bit of grass, Barty, said Ludo brightly, 
patting the ground beside him. 

No thank you, Ludo, said Crouch, and there was a 
bite of impatience in his voice. Ive been looking for 
you everywhere. The Bulgarians are insisting we add 
another twelve seats to the Top Box. 

Oh is that what theyre after? said Bagman. I 
thought the chap was asking to borrow a pair of 
tweezers. Bit of a strong accent. 

Mr. Crouch! said Percy breathlessly, sunk into a 
kind of halfbow that made him look like a 
hunchback. Would you like a cup of tea? 

Oh, said Mr. Crouch, looking over at Percy in mild 
surprise. Yes  thank you, Weatherby. 

Fred and George choked into their own cups. Percy, 
very pink around the ears, busied himself with the 
kettle. 

Oh and Ive been wanting a word with you too, 
Arthur, said Mr. Crouch, his sharp eyes falling upon 
Mr. Weasley. Ali Bashirs on the warpath. He wants a 
word with you about your embargo on flying carpets. 

Mr. Weasley heaved a deep sigh. 

  100 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I sent him an owl about that just last week. If Ive 
told him once Ive told him a hundred times: Carpets 
are defined as a Muggle Artifact by the Registry of 
Proscribed Charmable Objects, but will he listen? 

I doubt it, said Mr. Crouch, accepting a cup from 
Percy. Hes desperate to export here. 

Well, theyll never replace brooms in Britain, will 
they? said Bagman. 

Ali thinks theres a niche in the market for a family 
vehicle, said Mr. Crouch. I remember my 
grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve 
 but that was before carpets were banned, of 
course. 

He spoke as though he wanted to leave nobody in any 
doubt that all his ancestors had abided strictly by the 
law. 

So, been keeping busy, Barty? said Bagman 
breezily. 

Fairly, said Mr. Crouch dryly. Organizing Portkeys 
across five continents is no mean feat, Ludo. 

I expect youll both be glad when this is over? said 
Mr. Weasley. 

Ludo Bagman looked shocked. 

Glad! Dont know when Ive had more fun. ... Still, 
its not as though we havent got anything to look 
forward to, eh, Barty? Eh? Plenty left to organize, eh? 

Mr. Crouch raised his eyebrows at Bagman. 



  101 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




We agreed not to make the announcement until all 
the details   

Oh details! said Bagman, waving the word away like 
a cloud of midges. Theyve signed, havent they? 
Theyve agreed, havent they? I bet you anything these 
kidsll know soon enough anyway. I mean, its 
happening at Hogwarts   

Ludo, we need to meet the Bulgarians, you know, 
said Mr. Crouch sharply, cutting Bagmans remarks 
short. Thank you for the tea, Weatherby. 

He pushed his undrunk tea back at Percy and waited 
for Ludo to rise; Bagman struggled to his feet, 
swigging down the last of his tea, the gold in his 
pockets chinking merrily. 

See you all later! he said. Youll be up in the Top 
Box with me  Im commentating! He waved, Barty 
Crouch nodded curtly, and both of them 
Disapparated. 

Whats happening at Hogwarts, Dad? said Fred at 
once. What were they talking about? 

Youll find out soon enough, said Mr.Weasley, 
smiling. 

Its classified information, until such time as the 
Ministry decides to release it, said Percy stiffly. Mr. 
Crouch was quite right not to disclose it. 

Oh shut up, Weatherby, said Fred. 

A sense of excitement rose like a palpable cloud over 
the campsite as the afternoon wore on. By dusk, the 
still summer air itself seemed to be quivering with 
anticipation, and as darkness spread like a curtain 

  102 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




over the thousands of waiting wizards, the last 
vestiges of pretence disappeared: the Ministry seemed 
to have bowed to the inevitable and stopped fighting 
the signs of blatant magic now breaking out 
everywhere. 

Salesmen were Apparating every few feet, carrying 
trays and pushing carts full of extraordinary 
merchandise. There were luminous rosettes  green 
for Ireland, red for Bulgaria  which were squealing 
the names of the players, pointed green hats 
bedecked with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves 
adorned with lions that really roared, flags from both 
countries that played their national anthems as they 
were waved; there were tiny models of Firebolts that 
really flew, and collectible figures of famous players, 
which strolled across the palm of your hand, preening 
themselves. 

Been saving my pocket money all summer for this, 
Ron told Harry as they and Hermione strolled through 
the salesmen, buying souvenirs. Though Ron 
purchased a dancing shamrock hat and a large green 
rosette, he also bought a small figure of Viktor Krum, 
the Bulgarian Seeker. The miniature Krum walked 
backward and forward over Rons hand, scowling up 
at the green rosette above him. 

Wow, look at these! said Harry, hurrying over to a 
cart piled high with what looked like brass 
binoculars, except that they were covered with all 
sorts of weird knobs and dials. 

Omnioculars, said the saleswizard eagerly. You can 
replay action . . . slow everything down . . . and they 
flash up a playbyplay breakdown if you need it. 
Bargain  ten Galleons each. 



  103 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Wish I hadnt bought this now, said Ron, gesturing 
at his dancing shamrock hat and gazing longingly at 
the Omnioculars. 

Three pairs, said Harry firmly to the wizard. 

No  dont bother, said Ron, going red. He was 
always touchy about the fact that Harry, who had 
inherited a small fortune from his parents, had much 
more money than he did. 

You wont be getting anything for Christmas, Harry 
told him, thrusting Omnioculars into his and 
Hermiones hands. For about ten years, mind. 

Fair enough, said Ron, grinning. 

Oooh, thanks, Harry, said Hermione. And Ill get us 
some programs, look   

Their money bags considerably lighter, they went 
back to the tents. Bill, Charlie, and Ginny were all 
sporting green rosettes too, and Mr. Weasley was 
carrying an Irish flag. Fred and George had no 
souvenirs as they had given Bagman all their gold. 

And then a deep, booming gong sounded somewhere 
beyond the woods, and at once, green and red 
lanterns blazed into life in the trees, lighting a path to 
the field. 

Its time! said Mr. Weasley, looking as excited as any 
of them. Come on, lets go! 



  104 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   





4 



THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP 

Clutching their purchases, Mr. Weasley in the lead, 
they all hurried into the wood, following the lantern 
lit trail. They could hear the sounds of thousands of 
people moving around them, shouts and laughter, 
snatches of singing. The atmosphere of feverish 
excitement was highly infectious; Harry couldnt stop 
grinning. They walked through the wood for twenty 
minutes, talking and joking loudly, until at last they 
emerged on the other side and found themselves in 
the shadow of a gigantic stadium. Though Harry 
could see only a fraction of the immense gold walls 
surrounding the field, he could tell that ten 
cathedrals would fit comfortably inside it. 

Seats a hundred thousand, said Mr. Weasley, 
spotting the awestruck look on Harrys face. Ministry 
task force of five hundred have been working on it all 
year. Muggle Repelling Charms on every inch of it. 
Every time Muggles have got anywhere near here all 
year, theyve suddenly remembered urgent 
appointments and had to dash away again . . . bless 
them, he added fondly, leading the way toward the 
  105 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




nearest entrance, which was already surrounded by a 
swarm of shouting witches and wizards. 

Prime seats! said the Ministry witch at the entrance 
when she checked their tickets. Top Box! Straight 
upstairs, Arthur, and as high as you can go. 

The stairs into the stadium were carpeted in rich 
purple. They clambered upward with the rest of the 
crowd, which slowly filtered away through doors into 
the stands to their left and right. Mr. Weasleys party 
kept climbing, and at last they reached the top of the 
staircase and found themselves in a small box, set at 
the highest point of the stadium and situated exactly 
halfway between the golden goal posts. About twenty 
purpleandgilt chairs stood in two rows here, and 
Harry, filing into the front seats with the Weasleys, 
looked down upon a scene the likes of which he could 
never have imagined. 

A hundred thousand witches and wizards were taking 
their places in the seats, which rose in levels around 
the long oval field. Everything was suffused with a 
mysterious golden light, which seemed to come from 
the stadium itself. The field looked smooth as velvet 
from their lofty position. At either end of the field 
stood three goal hoops, fifty feet high; right opposite 
them, almost at Harrys eye level, was a gigantic 
blackboard. Gold writing kept dashing across it as 
though an invisible giants hand were scrawling upon 
the blackboard and then wiping it off again; watching 
it, Harry saw that it was flashing advertisements 
across the field. 

The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family  safe, 
reliable, and with Builtin AntiBurglar Buzzer ... Mrs. 
Skowers AllPurpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, 
No Stain! ... Gladrags Wizardwear  London, Paris, 
Hogsmeade ... 

  106 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry tore his eyes away from the sign and looked 
over his shoulder to see who else was sharing the box 
with them. So far it was empty, except for a tiny 
creature sitting in the second from last seat at the 
end of the row behind them. The creature, whose legs 
were so short they stuck out in front of it on the 
chair, was wearing a tea towel draped like a toga, and 
it had its face hidden in its hands. Yet those long, 
batlike ears were oddly familiar. . . . 

 Dobby ? said Harry incredulously. 

The tiny creature looked up and stretched its fingers, 
revealing enormous brown eyes and a nose the exact 
size and shape of a large tomato. It wasnt Dobby  it 
was, however, unmistakably a houseelf, as Harrys 
friend Dobby had been. Harry had set Dobby free 
from his old owners, the Malfoy family. 

Did sir just call me Dobby? squeaked the elf 
curiously from between its fingers. Its voice was 
higher even than Dobbys had been, a teeny, 
quivering squeak of a voice, and Harry suspected  
though it was very hard to tell with a houseelf  that 
this one might just be female. Ron and Hermione 
spun around in their seats to look. Though they had 
heard a lot about Dobby from Harry, they had never 
actually met him. Even Mr. Weasley looked around in 
interest. 

Sorry, Harry told the elf, I just thought you were 
someone I knew. 

But I knows Dobby too, sir! squeaked the elf. She 
was shielding her face, as though blinded by light, 
though the Top Box was not brightly lit. My name is 
Winky, sir  and you, sir   Her dark brown eyes 
widened to the size of side plates as they rested upon 
Harrys scar. You is surely Harry Potter! 

  107 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yeah, I am, said Harry. 



But Dobby talks of you all the time, sir! she said, 
lowering her hands very slightly and looking 
awestruck. 

How is he? said Harry. Hows freedom suiting 
him? 

Ah, sir, said Winky, shaking her head, ah sir, 
meaning no disrespect, sir, but I is not sure you did 
Dobby a favor, sir, when you is setting him free. 

Why? said Harry, taken aback. Whats wrong with 
him? 

Freedom is going to Dobbys head, sir, said Winky 
sadly. Ideas above his station, sir. Cant get another 
position, sir. 

Why not? said Harry. 

Winky lowered her voice by a halfoctave and 
whispered, He is wanting paying for his work, sir. 

Paying? said Harry blankly. Well  why shouldnt 
he be paid? 

Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and closed 
her fingers slightly so that her face was halfhidden 
again. 

Houseelves is not paid, sir! she said in a muffled 
squeak. No, no, no. I says to Dobby, I says, go find 
yourself a nice family and settle down, Dobby. He is 
getting up to all sorts of high jinks, sir, what is 
unbecoming to a houseelf. You goes racketing 
around like this, Dobby, I says, and next thing I hear 
yous up in front of the Department for the Regulation 
  108 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




and Control of Magical Creatures, like some common 
goblin. 

Well, its about time he had a bit of fun, said Harry. 

Houseelves is not supposed to have fun, Harry 
Potter, said Winky firmly, from behind her hands. 
Houseelves does what they is told. I is not liking 
heights at all, Harry Potter  she glanced toward the 
edge of the box and gulped  but my master sends 
me to the Top Box and I comes, sir. 

Whys he sent you up here, if he knows you dont like 
heights? said Harry, frowning. 

Master  master wants me to save him a seat, Harry 
Potter. He is very busy, said Winky, tilting her head 
toward the empty space beside her. Winky is wishing 
she is back in masters tent, Harry Potter, but Winky 
does what she is told. Winky is a good houseelf. 

She gave the edge of the box another frightened look 
and hid her eyes completely again. Harry turned back 
to the others. 

So thats a houseelf? Ron muttered. Weird things, 
arent they? 

Dobby was weirder, said Harry fervently. 

Ron pulled out his Omnioculars and started testing 
them, staring down into the crowd on the other side 
of the stadium. 

Wild! he said, twiddling the replay knob on the side. 
I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose 
again ... and again ... and again ... 



  109 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione, meanwhile, was skimming eagerly through 
her velvetcovered, tasseled program. 



 A display from the team mascots will precede the 
match,  she read aloud. 

Oh thats always worth watching, said Mr. Weasley. 
National teams bring creatures from their native 
land, you know, to put on a bit of a show. 

The box filled gradually around them over the next 
half hour. Mr. Weasley kept shaking hands with 
people who were obviously very important wizards. 
Percy jumped to his feet so often that he looked as 
though he were trying to sit on a hedgehog. When 
Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself, 
arrived, Percy bowed so low that his glasses fell off 
and shattered. Highly embarrassed, he repaired them 
with his wand and thereafter remained in his seat, 
throwing jealous looks at Harry, whom Cornelius 
Fudge had greeted like an old friend. They had met 
before, and Fudge shook Harrys hand in a fatherly 
fashion, asked how he was, and introduced him to 
the wizards on either side of him. 

Harry Potter, you know, he told the Bulgarian 
minister loudly, who was wearing splendid robes of 
black velvet trimmed with gold and didnt seem to 
understand a word of English. Harry Potter ... oh 
come on now, you know who he is . . . the boy who 
survived YouKnowWho ... you do know who he is   

The Bulgarian wizard suddenly spotted Harrys scar 
and started gabbling loudly and excitedly, pointing at 
it. 

Knew wed get there in the end, said Fudge wearily 
to Harry. Im no great shakes at languages; I need 
Barty Crouch for this sort of thing. Ah, I see his 

  110 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




houseelfs saving him a seat. ... Good job too, these 
Bulgarian blighters have been trying to cadge all the 
best places ... ah, and heres Lucius! 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned quickly. Edging 
along the second row to three stillempty seats right 
behind Mr. Weasley were none other than Dobby the 
houseelfs former owners: Lucius Malfoy; his son, 
Draco; and a woman Harry supposed must be Dracos 
mother. 

Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemies ever since 
their very first journey to Hogwarts. A pale boy with a 
pointed face and whiteblond hair, Draco greatly 
resembled his father. His mother was blonde too; tall 
and slim, she would have been nicelooking if she 
hadnt been wearing a look that suggested there was 
a nasty smell under her nose. 

Ah, Fudge, said Mr. Malfoy, holding out his hand as 
he reached the Minister of Magic. How are you? I 
dont think youve met my wife, Narcissa? Or our son, 
Draco? 

How do you do, how do you do? said Fudge, smiling 
and bowing to Mrs. Malfoy. And allow me to 
introduce you to Mr. Oblansk  Obalonsk  Mr.  
well, hes the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and he 
cant understand a word Im saying anyway, so never 
mind. And lets see who else  you know Arthur 
Weasley, I daresay? 

It was a tense moment. Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy 
looked at each other and Harry vividly recalled the 
last time they had come facetoface: It had been in 
Flourish and Blotts bookshop, and they had had a 
fight. Mr. Malfoys cold gray eyes swept over Mr. 
Weasley, and then up and down the row. 



  111 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Good lord, Arthur, he said softly. What did you 
have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your 
house wouldnt have fetched this much? 

Fudge, who wasnt listening, said, Lucius has just 
given a very generous contribution to St. Mungos 
Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. 
Hes here as my guest. 

How  how nice, said Mr. Weasley, with a very 
strained smile. 

Mr. Malfoys eyes had returned to Hermione, who 
went slightly pink, but stared determinedly back at 
him. Harry knew exactly what was making Mr. 
Malfoys lip curl like that. The Malfoys prided 
themselves on being purebloods; in other words, they 
considered anyone of Muggle descent, like Hermione, 
secondclass. However, under the gaze of the Minister 
of Magic, Mr. Malfoy didnt dare say anything. He 
nodded sneeringly to Mr. Weasley and continued 
down the line to his seats. Draco shot Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione one contemptuous look, then settled 
himself between his mother and father. 

Slimy gits, Ron muttered as he, Harry, and 
Hermione turned to face the field again. Next 
moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box. 

Everyone ready? he said, his round face gleaming 
like a great, excited Edam. Minister  ready to go? 

Ready when you are, Ludo, said Fudge comfortably. 

Ludo whipped out his wand, directed it at his own 
throat, and said Sonorusl and then spoke over the 
roar of sound that was now filling the packed 
stadium; his voice echoed over them, booming into 
every corner of the stands. 

  112 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ladies and gentlemen ... welcome! Welcome to the 
final of the four hundred and twentysecond 
Quidditch World Cup! 

The spectators screamed and clapped. Thousands of 
flags waved, adding their discordant national 
anthems to the racket. The huge blackboard opposite 
them was wiped clear of its last message (Bertie Botts 
Every Flavor Beans  A Risk With Every Mouthfull) 
and now showed BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0. 

And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce 
... the Bulgarian National Team Mascots! 

The righthand side of the stands, which was a solid 
block of scarlet, roared its approval. 

I wonder what theyve brought, said Mr. Weasley, 
leaning forward in his seat. Aaah! He suddenly 
whipped off his glasses and polished them hurriedly 
on his robes. Veelal 

What are veel  ? 

But a hundred veela were now gliding out onto the 
field, and Harrys question was answered for him. 
Veela were women . . . the most beautiful women Harry 
had ever seen ... except that they werent  they 
couldnt be  human. This puzzled Harry for a 
moment while he tried to guess what exactly they 
could be; what could make their skin shine moon 
bright like that, or their whitegold hair fan out 
behind them without wind . . . but then the music 
started, and Harry stopped worrying about them not 
being human  in fact, he stopped worrying about 
anything at all. 

The veela had started to dance, and Harrys mind had 
gone completely and blissfully blank. All that 

  113 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




mattered in the world was that he kept watching the 
veela, because if they stopped dancing, terrible things 
would happen. ... 

And as the veela danced faster and faster, wild, half 
formed thoughts started chasing through Harrys 
dazed mind. He wanted to do something very 
impressive, right now. Jumping from the box into the 
stadium seemed a good idea . . . but would it be good 
enough? 

Harry, what are you doing? said Hermiones voice 
from a long way off. 

The music stopped. Harry blinked. He was standing 
up, and one of his legs was resting on the wall of the 
box. Next to him, Ron was frozen in an attitude that 
looked as though he were about to dive from a 
springboard. 

Angry yells were filling the stadium. The crowd didnt 
want the veela to go. Harry was with them; he would, 
of course, be supporting Bulgaria, and he wondered 
vaguely why he had a large green shamrock pinned to 
his chest. Ron, meanwhile, was absentmindedly 
shredding the shamrocks on his hat. Mr. Weasley, 
smiling slightly, leaned over to Ron and tugged the 
hat out of his hands. 

Youll be wanting that, he said, once Ireland have 
had their say. 

Huh? said Ron, staring openmouthed at the veela, 
who had now lined up along one side of the field. 

Hermione made a loud tutting noise. She reached up 
and pulled Harry back into his seat. Honestlyl she 
said. 



  114 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And now, roared Ludo Bagmans voice, kindly put 
your wands in the air ... for the Irish National Team 
Mascots! 

Next moment, what seemed to be a great greenand 
gold comet came zooming into the stadium. It did one 
circuit of the stadium, then split into two smaller 
comets, each hurtling toward the goal posts. A 
rainbow arced suddenly across the field, connecting 
the two balls of light. The crowd oooohed and 
aaaaahed, as though at a fireworks display. Now the 
rainbow faded and the balls of light reunited and 
merged; they had formed a great shimmering 
shamrock, which rose up into the sky and began to 
soar over the stands. Something like golden rain 
seemed to be falling from it  

Excellent! yelled Ron as the shamrock soared over 
them, and heavy gold coins rained from it, bouncing 
off their heads and seats. Squinting up at the 
shamrock, Harry realized that it was actually 
comprised of thousands of tiny little bearded men 
with red vests, each carrying a minute lamp of gold or 
green. 

Leprechauns! said Mr. Weasley over the tumultuous 
applause of the crowd, many of whom were still 
fighting and rummaging around under their chairs to 
retrieve the gold. 

There you go, Ron yelled happily, stuffing a fistful of 
gold coins into Harrys hand, for the Omnioculars! 
Now youve got to buy me a Christmas present, ha! 

The great shamrock dissolved, the leprechauns 
drifted down onto the field on the opposite side from 
the veela, and settled themselves crosslegged to 
watch the match. 



  115 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And now, ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome  
the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you  
Dimitrov! 

A scarletclad figure on a broomstick, moving so fast 
it was blurred, shot out onto the field from an 
entrance far below, to wild applause from the 
Bulgarian supporters. 

Ivanova! 

A second scarletrobed player zoomed out. 

Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand  
Krum\ 

Thats him, thats him! yelled Ron, following Krum 
with his Omnioculars. Harry quickly focused his own. 

Viktor Krum was thin, dark, and sallowskinned, with 
a large curved nose and thick black eyebrows. He 
looked like an overgrown bird of prey. It was hard to 
believe he was only eighteen. 

And now, please greet  the Irish National Quidditch 
Team! yelled Bagman. Presenting  Connolly! Ryan! 
Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand  Lynch). 

Seven green blurs swept onto the field; Harry spun a 
small dial on the side of his Omnioculars and slowed 
the players down enough to read the word Firebolt 
on each of their brooms and see their names, 
embroidered in silver, upon their backs. 

And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, 
acclaimed Chairwizard of the International 
Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa! 



  116 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A small and skinny wizard, completely bald but with 
a mustache to rival Uncle Vernons, wearing robes of 
pure gold to match the stadium, strode out onto the 
field. A silver whistle was protruding from under the 
mustache, and he was carrying a large wooden crate 
under one arm, his broomstick under the other. 

Harry spun the speed dial on his Omnioculars back 
to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted his 
broomstick and kicked the crate open  four balls 
burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black 
Bludgers, and (Harry saw it for the briefest moment, 
before it sped out of sight) the minuscule, winged 
Golden Snitch. With a sharp blast on his whistle, 
Mostafa shot into the air after the balls. 

Theeeeeeeeyre OFF! screamed Bagman. And its 
Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! 
Levski! Moran! 

It was Quidditch as Harry had never seen it played 
before. He was pressing his Omnioculars so hard to 
his glasses that they were cutting into the bridge of 
his nose. The speed of the players was incredible  
the Chasers were throwing the Quaffle to one another 
so fast that Bagman only had time to say their 
names. Harry spun the slow dial on the right of his 
Omnioculars again, pressed the playbyplay button 
on the top, and he was immediately watching in slow 
motion, while glittering purple lettering flashed across 
the lenses and the noise of the crowd pounded 
against his eardrums. 

Hawkshead Attacking Formation, he read as he 
watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely 
together, Troy in the center, slightly ahead of Mullet 
and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgarians. 
Porskoff Ploy flashed up next, as Troy made as though 
to dart upward with the Quaffle, drawing away the 
Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to 
  117 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moran. One of the Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov, swung 
hard at a passing Bludger with his small club, 
knocking it into Morans path; Moran ducked to avoid 
the Bludger and dropped the Quaffle; and Levski, 
soaring beneath, caught it  

TROY SCORES! roared Bagman, and the stadium 
shuddered with a roar of applause and cheers. Ten 
zero to Ireland! 

What? Harry yelled, looking wildly around through 
his Omnioculars. But Levskis got the Quaffle! 

Harry, if youre not going to watch at normal speed, 
youre going to miss things! shouted Hermione, who 
was dancing up and down, waving her arms in the air 
while Troy did a lap of honor around the field. Harry 
looked quickly over the top of his Omnioculars and 
saw that the leprechauns watching from the sidelines 
had all risen into the air again and formed the great, 
glittering shamrock. Across the field, the veela were 
watching them sulkily. 

Furious with himself, Harry spun his speed dial back 
to normal as play resumed. 

Harry knew enough about Quidditch to see that the 
Irish Chasers were superb. They worked as a 
seamless team, their movements so well coordinated 
that they appeared to be reading one anothers minds 
as they positioned themselves, and the rosette on 
Harrys chest kept squeaking their names: Troy  
Mullet  Moran). And within ten minutes, Ireland had 
scored twice more, bringing their lead to thirtyzero 
and causing a thunderous tide of roars and applause 
from the greenclad supporters. 

The match became still faster, but more brutal. 

Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were 

  118 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




whacking the Bludgers as fiercely as possible at the 
Irish Chasers, and were starting to prevent them from 
using some of their best moves; twice they were forced 
to scatter, and then, finally, Ivanova managed to 
break through their ranks; dodge the Keeper, Ryan; 
and score Bulgarias first goal. 

Fingers in your ears! bellowed Mr. Weasley as the 
veela started to dance in celebration. Harry screwed 
up his eyes too; he wanted to keep his mind on the 
game. After a few seconds, he chanced a glance at the 
field. The veela had stopped dancing, and Bulgaria 
was again in possession of the Quaffle. 

Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova  oh I say! 
roared Bagman. 

One hundred thousand wizards gasped as the two 
Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the 
center of the Chasers, so fast that it looked as though 
they had just jumped from airplanes without 
parachutes. Harry followed their descent through his 
Omnioculars, squinting to see where the Snitch was 



Theyre going to crash! screamed Hermione next to 
Harry. 

She was half right  at the very last second, Viktor 
Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled off. Lynch, 
however, hit the ground with a dull thud that could 
be heard throughout the stadium. A huge groan rose 
from the Irish seats. 

Fool! moaned Mr. Weasley. Krum was feinting! 

Its timeout! yelled Bagmans voice, as trained 
mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Aidan 
Lynch! 

  119 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hell be okay, he only got ploughed! Charlie said 
reassuringly to Ginny, who was hanging over the side 
of the box, looking horrorstruck. Which is what 
Krum was after, of course. ... 

Harry hastily pressed the replay and playbyplay 
buttons on his Omnioculars, twiddled the speed dial, 
and put them back up to his eyes. 

He watched as Krum and Lynch dived again in slow 
motion. Wronski Defensive Feint  dangerous Seeker 
diversion read the shining purple lettering across his 
lenses. He saw Krums face contorted with 
concentration as he pulled out of the dive just in 
time, while Lynch was flattened, and he understood 
 Krum hadnt seen the Snitch at all, he was just 
making Lynch copy him. Harry had never seen 
anyone fly like that; Krum hardly looked as though he 
was using a broomstick at all; he moved so easily 
through the air that he looked unsupported and 
weightless. Harry turned his Omnioculars back to 
normal and focused them on Krum. He was now 
circling high above Lynch, who was being revived by 
mediwizards with cups of potion. Harry, focusing still 
more closely upon Krums face, saw his dark eyes 
darting all over the ground a hundred feet below. He 
was using the time while Lynch was revived to look 
for the Snitch without interference. 

Lynch got to his feet at last, to loud cheers from the 
greenclad supporters, mounted his Firebolt, and 
kicked back off into the air. His revival seemed to give 
Ireland new heart. When Mostafa blew his whistle 
again, the Chasers moved into action with a skill 
unrivaled by anything Harry had seen so far. 

After fifteen more fast and furious minutes, Ireland 
had pulled ahead by ten more goals. They were now 



  120 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




leading by one hundred and thirty points to ten, and 
the game was starting to get dirtier. 

As Mullet shot toward the goal posts yet again, 
clutching the Quaffle tightly under her arm, the 
Bulgarian Keeper, Zograf, flew out to meet her. 
Whatever happened was over so quickly Harry didnt 
catch it, but a scream of rage from the Irish crowd, 
and Mostafas long, shrill whistle blast, told him it 
had been a foul. 

And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for 
cobbing  excessive use of elbows! Bagman informed 
the roaring spectators. And  yes, its a penalty to 
Ireland! 

The leprechauns, who had risen angrily into the air 
like a swarm of glittering hornets when Mullet had 
been fouled, now darted together to form the words 
HA, HA, HA! The veela on the other side of the field 
leapt to their feet, tossed their hair angrily, and 
started to dance again. 

As one, the Weasley boys and Harry stuffed their 
fingers into their ears, but Hermione, who hadnt 
bothered, was soon tugging on Harrys arm. He 
turned to look at her, and she pulled his fingers 
impatiently out of his ears. 

Look at the referee! she said, giggling. 

Harry looked down at the field. Hassan Mostafa had 
landed right in front of the dancing veela, and was 
acting very oddly indeed. He was flexing his muscles 
and smoothing his mustache excitedly. 

Now, we cant have that! said Ludo Bagman, though 
he sounded highly amused. Somebody slap the 
referee! 

  121 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A mediwizard came tearing across the field, his 
fingers stuffed into his own ears, and kicked Mostafa 
hard in the shins. Mostafa seemed to come to himself; 
Harry, watching through the Omnioculars again, saw 
that he looked exceptionally embarrassed and had 
started shouting at the veela, who had stopped 
dancing and were looking mutinous. 

And unless Im much mistaken, Mostafa is actually 
attempting to send off the Bulgarian team mascots! 
said Bagmans voice. Now theres something we 
havent seen before. ... Oh this could turn nasty. ... 

It did: The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov, 
landed on either side of Mostafa and began arguing 
furiously with him, gesticulating toward the 
leprechauns, who had now gleefully formed the words 
HEE, HEE, HEE. Mostafa was not impressed by the 
Bulgarians arguments, however; he was jabbing his 
finger into the air, clearly telling them to get flying 
again, and when they refused, he gave two short 
blasts on his whistle. 

Two penalties for Ireland! shouted Bagman, and the 
Bulgarian crowd howled with anger. And Volkov and 
Vulchanov had better get back on those brooms . . . 
yes ... there they go ... and Troy takes the Quaffle ... 

Play now reached a level of ferocity beyond anything 
they had yet seen. The Beaters on both sides were 
acting without mercy: Volkov and Vulchanov in 
particular seemed not to care whether their clubs 
made contact with Bludger or human as they swung 
them violently through the air. Dimitrov shot straight 
at Moran, who had the Quaffle, nearly knocking her 
off her broom. 

Foul\ roared the Irish supporters as one, all 
standing up in a great wave of green. 

  122 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Foul! echoed Ludo Bagmans magically magnified 
voice. Dimitrov skins Moran  deliberately flying to 
collide there  and its got to be another penalty  
yes, theres the whistle! 

The leprechauns had risen into the air again, and this 
time, they formed a giant hand, which was making a 
very rude sign indeed at the veela across the field. At 
this, the veela lost control. Instead of dancing, they 
launched themselves across the field and began 
throwing what seemed to be handfuls of fire at the 
leprechauns. Watching through his Omnioculars, 
Harry saw that they didnt look remotely beautiful 
now. On the contrary, their faces were elongating into 
sharp, cruelbeaked bird heads, and long, scaly wings 
were bursting from their shoulders  

And that, boys, yelled Mr. Weasley over the tumult 
of the crowd below, is why you should never go for 
looks alone! 

Ministry wizards were flooding onto the field to 
separate the veela and the leprechauns, but with little 
success; meanwhile, the pitched battle below was 
nothing to the one taking place above. Harry turned 
this way and that, staring through his Omnioculars, 
as the Quaffle changed hands with the speed of a 
bullet. 

Levski  Dimitrov  Moran  Troy  Mullet  
Ivanova  Moran again  Moran  MORAN 
SCORES! 

But the cheers of the Irish supporters were barely 
heard over the shrieks of the veela, the blasts now 
issuing from the Ministry members wands, and the 
furious roars of the Bulgarians. The game 
recommenced immediately; now Levski had the 
Quaffle, now Dimitrov  

  123 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The Irish Beater Quigley swung heavily at a passing 
Bludger, and hit it as hard as possible toward Krum, 
who did not duck quickly enough. It hit him full in 
the face. 

There was a deafening groan from the crowd; Krums 
nose looked broken, there was blood everywhere, but 
Hassan Mostafa didnt blow his whistle. He had 
become distracted, and Harry couldnt blame him; 
one of the veela had thrown a handful of fire and set 
his broom tail alight. 

Harry wanted someone to realize that Krum was 
injured; even though he was supporting Ireland, 

Krum was the most exciting player on the field. Ron 
obviously felt the same. 

Timeout! Ah, come on, he cant play like that, look 
at him   

Look at Lynch 1 Harry yelled. 

For the Irish Seeker had suddenly gone into a dive, 
and Harry was quite sure that this was no Wronski 
Feint; this was the real thing. ... 

Hes seen the Snitch! Harry shouted. Hes seen it! 
Look at him go! 

Half the crowd seemed to have realized what was 
happening; the Irish supporters rose in another great 
wave of green, screaming their Seeker on . . . but Krum 
was on his tail. How he could see where he was going, 
Harry had no idea; there were flecks of blood flying 
through the air behind him, but he was drawing level 
with Lynch now as the pair of them hurtled toward 
the ground again  

Theyre going to crash! shrieked Hermione. 

  124 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Theyre not! roared Ron. 

Lynch is! yelled Harry. 

And he was right  for the second time, Lynch hit the 
ground with tremendous force and was immediately 
stampeded by a horde of angry veela. 

The Snitch, wheres the Snitch? bellowed Charlie, 
along the row. 

Hes got it  Krums got it  its all over! shouted 
Harry. 

Krum, his red robes shining with blood from his nose, 
was rising gently into the air, his fist held high, a glint 
of gold in his hand. 

The scoreboard was flashing BULGARIA: 160, 
IRELAND: 170 across the crowd, who didnt seem to 
have realized what had happened. Then, slowly, as 
though a great jumbo jet were revving up, the 
rumbling from the Ireland supporters grew louder and 
louder and erupted into screams of delight. 

IRELAND WINS! Bagman shouted, who like the 
Irish, seemed to be taken aback by the sudden end of 
the match. KRUM GETS THE SNITCH  BUT 
IRELAND WINS  good lord, I dont think any of us 
were expecting that! 

What did he catch the Snitch for? Ron bellowed, 
even as he jumped up and down, applauding with his 
hands over his head. He ended it when Ireland were 
a hundred and sixty points ahead, the idiot! 

He knew they were never going to catch up! Harry 
shouted back over all the noise, also applauding 



  125 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




loudly. The Irish Chasers were too good. ... He 
wanted to end it on his terms, thats all. ... 



He was very brave, wasnt he? Hermione said, 
leaning forward to watch Krum land as a swarm of 
mediwizards blasted a path through the battling 
leprechauns and veela to get to him. He looks a 
terrible mess. ... 

Harry put his Omnioculars to his eyes again. It was 
hard to see what was happening below, because 
leprechauns were zooming delightedly all over the 
field, but he could just make out Krum, surrounded 
by mediwizards. He looked surlier than ever and 
refused to let them mop him up. His team members 
were around him, shaking their heads and looking 
dejected; a short way away, the Irish players were 
dancing gleefully in a shower of gold descending from 
their mascots. Flags were waving all over the stadium, 
the Irish national anthem blared from all sides; the 
veela were shrinking back into their usual, beautiful 
selves now, though looking dispirited and forlorn. 

Veil, ve fought bravely, said a gloomy voice behind 
Harry. He looked around; it was the Bulgarian 
Minister of Magic. 

You can speak English! said Fudge, sounding 
outraged. And youve been letting me mime 
everything all day! 

Veil, it vos very funny, said the Bulgarian minister, 
shrugging. 

And as the Irish team performs a lap of honor, 
flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup 
itself is brought into the Top Box! roared Bagman. 



  126 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harrys eyes were suddenly dazzled by a blinding 
white light, as the Top Box was magically illuminated 
so that everyone in the stands could see the inside. 
Squinting toward the entrance, he saw two panting 
wizards carrying a vast golden cup into the box, 
which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who was still 
looking very disgruntled that hed been using sign 
language all day for nothing. 

Lets have a really loud hand for the gallant losers  
Bulgaria! Bagman shouted. 

And up the stairs into the box came the seven 
defeated Bulgarian players. The crowd below was 
applauding appreciatively; Harry could see thousands 
and thousands of Omniocular lenses flashing and 
winking in their direction. 

One by one, the Bulgarians filed between the rows of 
seats in the box, and Bagman called out the name of 
each as they shook hands with their own minister 
and then with Fudge. Krum, who was last in line, 
looked a real mess. Two black eyes were blooming 
spectacularly on his bloody face. He was still holding 
the Snitch. Harry noticed that he seemed much less 
coordinated on the ground. He was slightly duck 
footed and distinctly roundshouldered. But when 
Krums name was announced, the whole stadium 
gave him a resounding, earsplitting roar. 

And then came the Irish team. Aidan Lynch was being 
supported by Moran and Connolly; the second crash 
seemed to have dazed him and his eyes looked 
strangely unfocused. But he grinned happily as Troy 
and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air and the crowd 
below thundered its approval. Harrys hands were 
numb with clapping. 



  127 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




At last, when the Irish team had left the box to 
perform another lap of honor on their brooms (Aidan 
Lynch on the back of Connollys, clutching hard 
around his waist and still grinning in a bemused sort 
of way), Bagman pointed his wand at his throat and 
muttered, Quietus. 

Theyll be talking about this one for years, he said 
hoarsely, a really unexpected twist, that. ... shame it 
couldnt have lasted longer. ... Ah yes. ... yes, I owe 
you . . . how much? 

For Fred and George had just scrambled over the 
backs of their seats and were standing in front of 
Ludo Bagman with broad grins on their faces, their 
hands outstretched. 



  128 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




9 




THE DARK MARK 

 Dont tell your mother youve been gambling, Mr. 
Weasley implored Fred and George as they all made 
their way slowly down the purplecarpeted stairs. 

Dont worry, Dad, said Fred gleefully, weve got big 
plans for this money. We dont want it confiscated. 

Mr. Weasley looked for a moment as though he was 
going to ask what these big plans were, but seemed to 
decide, upon reflection, that he didnt want to know. 

They were soon caught up in the crowds now flooding 
out of the stadium and back to their campsites. 
Raucous singing was borne toward them on the night 
air as they retraced their steps along the lanternlit 
path, and leprechauns kept shooting over their heads, 
cackling and waving their lanterns. When they finally 
reached the tents, nobody felt like sleeping at all, and 
given the level of noise around them, Mr. Weasley 
agreed that they could all have one last cup of cocoa 
together before turning in. They were soon arguing 
enjoyably about the match; Mr. Weasley got drawn 

  129 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



into a disagreement about cobbing with Charlie, and 
it was only when Ginny fell asleep right at the tiny 
table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that 
Mr. Weasley called a halt to the verbal replays and 
insisted that everyone go to bed. Hermione and Ginny 
went into the next tent, and Harry and the rest of the 
Weasleys changed into pajamas and clambered into 
their bunks. From the other side of the campsite they 
could still hear much singing and the odd echoing 
bang. 

Oh I am glad Im not on duty, muttered Mr. Weasley 
sleepily. I wouldnt fancy having to go and tell the 
Irish theyve got to stop celebrating. 

Harry, who was on a top bunk above Ron, lay staring 
up at the canvas ceiling of the tent, watching the glow 
of an occasional leprechaun lantern flying overhead, 
and picturing again some of Krums more spectacular 
moves. He was itching to get back on his own Firebolt 
and try out the Wronski Feint. ... Somehow Oliver 
Wood had never managed to convey with all his 
wriggling diagrams what that move was supposed to 
look like. ... Harry saw himself in robes that had his 
name on the back, and imagined the sensation of 
hearing a hundredthousandstrong crowd roar, as 
Ludo Bagmans voice echoed throughout the stadium, 
I give you ... PotteA. 

Harry never knew whether or not he had actually 
dropped off to sleep  his fantasies of flying like 
Krum might well have slipped into actual dreams  
all he knew was that, quite suddenly, Mr. Weasley 
was shouting. 

Get up! Ron  Harry  come on now, get up, this is 
urgent! 



  130 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry sat up quickly and the top of his head hit 
canvas. 

 S matter? he said. 

Dimly, he could tell that something was wrong. The 
noises in the campsite had changed. The singing had 
stopped. He could hear screams, and the sound of 
people running. He slipped down from the bunk and 
reached for his clothes, but Mr. Weasley, who had 
pulled on his jeans over his own pajamas, said, No 
time, Harry  just grab a jacket and get outside  
quickly! 

Harry did as he was told and hurried out of the tent, 
Ron at his heels. 

By the light of the few fires that were still burning, he 
could see people running away into the woods, fleeing 
something that was moving across the field toward 
them, something that was emitting odd flashes of 
light and noises like gunfire. Loud jeering, roars of 
laughter, and drunken yells were drifting toward 
them; then came a burst of strong green light, which 
illuminated the scene. 

A crowd of wizards, tightly packed and moving 
together with wands pointing straight upward, was 
marching slowly across the field. Harry squinted at 
them. ... They didnt seem to have faces. ... Then he 
realized that their heads were hooded and their faces 
masked. High above them, floating along in midair, 
four struggling figures were being contorted into 
grotesque shapes. It was as though the masked 
wizards on the ground were puppeteers, and the 
people above them were marionettes operated by 
invisible strings that rose from the wands into the air. 
Two of the figures were very small. 



  131 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




More wizards were joining the marching group, 
laughing and pointing up at the floating bodies. Tents 
crumpled and fell as the marching crowd swelled. 
Once or twice Harry saw one of the marchers blast a 
tent out of his way with his wand. Several caught fire. 
The screaming grew louder. 

The floating people were suddenly illuminated as they 
passed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one 
of them: Mr. Roberts, the campsite manager. The 
other three looked as though they might be his wife 
and children. One of the marchers below flipped Mrs. 
Roberts upside down with his wand; her nightdress 
fell down to reveal voluminous drawers and she 
struggled to cover herself up as the crowd below her 
screeched and hooted with glee. 

Thats sick, Ron muttered, watching the smallest 
Muggle child, who had begun to spin like a top, sixty 
feet above the ground, his head flopping limply from 
side to side. That is really sick. ... 

Hermione and Ginny came hurrying toward them, 
pulling coats over their nightdresses, with Mr. 

Weasley right behind them. At the same moment, Bill, 
Charlie, and Percy emerged from the boys tent, fully 
dressed, with their sleeves rolled up and their wands 
out. 

Were going to help the Ministry! Mr. Weasley 
shouted over all the noise, rolling up his own sleeves. 
You lot  get into the woods, and stick together. Ill 
come and fetch you when weve sorted this out! 

Bill, Charlie, and Percy were already sprinting away 
toward the oncoming marchers; Mr. Weasley tore 
after them. Ministry wizards were dashing from every 
direction toward the source of the trouble. The crowd 
beneath the Roberts family was coming ever closer. 
  132 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Cmon, said Fred, grabbing Ginnys hand and 
starting to pull her toward the wood. Harry, Ron, 
Hermione, and George followed. They all looked back 
as they reached the trees. The crowd beneath the 
Roberts family was larger than ever; they could see 
the Ministry wizards trying to get through it to the 
hooded wizards in the center, but they were having 
great difficulty. It looked as though they were scared 
to perform any spell that might make the Roberts 
family fall. 

The colored lanterns that had lit the path to the 
stadium had been extinguished. Dark figures were 
blundering through the trees; children were crying; 
anxious shouts and panicked voices were 
reverberating around them in the cold night air. 

Harry felt himself being pushed hither and thither by 
people whose faces he could not see. Then he heard 
Ron yell with pain. 

What happened? said Hermione anxiously, stopping 
so abruptly that Harry walked into her. Ron, where 
are you? Oh this is stupid  lumos\ 

She illuminated her wand and directed its narrow 
beam across the path. Ron was lying sprawled on the 
ground. 

Tripped over a tree root, he said angrily, getting to 
his feet again. 

Well, with feet that size, hard not to, said a drawling 
voice from behind them. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned sharply. Draco 
Malfoy was standing alone nearby, leaning against a 
tree, looking utterly relaxed. His arms folded, he 
seemed to have been watching the scene at the 
campsite through a gap in the trees. 

  133 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ron told Malfoy to do something that Harry knew he 
would never have dared say in front of Mrs. Weasley 

Language, Weasley, said Malfoy, his pale eyes 
glittering. Hadnt you better be hurrying along, now? 
You wouldnt like her spotted, would you? 

He nodded at Hermione, and at the same moment, a 
blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, and a 
flash of green light momentarily lit the trees around 
them. 

Whats that supposed to mean? said Hermione 
defiantly. 

Granger, theyre after Muggles, said Malfoy. Dyou 
want to be showing off your knickers in midair? 
Because if you do, hang around ... theyre moving this 
way, and it would give us all a laugh. 

Hermiones a witch, Harry snarled. 

Have it your own way, Potter, said Malfoy, grinning 
maliciously. If you think they cant spot a Mudblood, 
stay where you are. 

You watch your mouth! shouted Ron. Everybody 
present knew that Mudblood was a very offensive 
term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage. 

Never mind, Ron, said Hermione quickly, seizing 
Rons arm to restrain him as he took a step toward 
Malfoy. 

There came a bang from the other side of the trees 
that was louder than anything they had heard. 

Several people nearby screamed. Malfoy chuckled 
softly. 



  134 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Scare easily, dont they? he said lazily. I suppose 
your daddy told you all to hide? Whats he up to  
trying to rescue the Muggles? 

Wherere your parents? said Harry, his temper 
rising. Out there wearing masks, are they? 

Malfoy turned his face to Harry, still smiling. 

Well ... if they were, I wouldnt be likely to tell you, 
would I, Potter? 

Oh come on, said Hermione, with a disgusted look 
at Malfoy, lets go and find the others. 

Keep that big bushy head down, Granger, sneered 
Malfoy. 

Come on, Hermione repeated, and she pulled Harry 
and Ron up the path again. 

Ill bet you anything his dad is one of that masked 
lot! said Ron hotly. 

Well, with any luck, the Ministry will catch him! 
said Hermione fervently. Oh I cant believe this. 

Where have the others got to? 

Fred, George, and Ginny were nowhere to be seen, 
though the path was packed with plenty of other 
people, all looking nervously over their shoulders 
toward the commotion back at the campsite. A huddle 
of teenagers in pajamas was arguing vociferously a 
little way along the path. When they saw Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and 
said quickly,  Ou est Madame Maxime? Nous Vavons 
perdue   

Er  what? said Ron. 

  135 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh ... The girl who had spoken turned her back on 
him, and as they walked on they distinctly heard her 
say,  Ogwarts. 

Beauxbatons, muttered Hermione. 

Sorry? said Harry. 

They must go to Beauxbatons, said Hermione. You 
know . . . Beauxbatons Academy of Magic ... I read 
about it in An Appraisal of Magical Education in 
Europe. 

Oh ... yeah ... right, said Harry. 

Fred and George cant have gone that far, said Ron, 
pulling out his wand, lighting it like Hermiones, and 
squinting up the path. Harry dug in the pockets of his 
jacket for his own wand  but it wasnt there. The 
only thing he could find was his Omnioculars. 

Ah, no, I dont believe it ... Ive lost my wand! 

Youre kidding! 

Ron and Hermione raised their wands high enough to 
spread the narrow beams of light farther on the 
ground; Harry looked all around him, but his wand 
was nowhere to be seen. 

Maybe its back in the tent, said Ron. 

Maybe it fell out of your pocket when we were 
running? Hermione suggested anxiously. 

Yeah, said Harry, maybe ... 

He usually kept his wand with him at all times in the 
wizarding world, and finding himself without it in the 

  136 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




midst of a scene like this made him feel very 
vulnerable. 



A rustling noise nearby made all three of them jump. 
Winky the houseelf was fighting her way out of a 
clump of bushes nearby. She was moving in a most 
peculiar fashion, apparently with great difficulty; it 
was as though someone invisible were trying to hold 
her back. 

There is bad wizards about! she squeaked 
distractedly as she leaned forward and labored to 
keep running. People high  high in the air! Winky 
is getting out of the way! 

And she disappeared into the trees on the other side 
of the path, panting and squeaking as she fought the 
force that was restraining her. 

Whats up with her? said Ron, looking curiously 
after Winky. Why cant she run properly? 

Bet she didnt ask permission to hide, said Harry. 

He was thinking of Dobby: Every time he had tried to 
do something the Malfoys wouldnt like, the houseelf 
had been forced to start beating himself up. 

You know, houseelves get a very raw deal! said 
Hermione indignantly. Its slavery, thats what it is! 
That Mr. Crouch made her go up to the top of the 
stadium, and she was terrified, and hes got her 
bewitched so she cant even run when they start 
trampling tents! Why doesnt anyone do something 
about it? 

Well, the elves are happy, arent they? Ron said. 

You heard old Winky back at the match ... House 
elves is not supposed to have fun ... thats what she 
likes, being bossed around. ... 

  137 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Its people like you, Ron, Hermione began hotly, 

who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just 
because theyre too lazy to   

Another loud bang echoed from the edge of the wood. 

Lets just keep moving, shall we? said Ron, and 
Harry saw him glance edgily at Hermione. Perhaps 
there was truth in what Malfoy had said; perhaps 
Hermione was in more danger than they were. They 
set off again, Harry still searching his pockets, even 
though he knew his wand wasnt there. 

They followed the dark path deeper into the wood, 
still keeping an eye out for Fred, George, and Ginny. 
They passed a group of goblins who were cackling 
over a sack of gold that they had undoubtedly won 
betting on the match, and who seemed quite 
unperturbed by the trouble at the campsite. Farther 
still along the path, they walked into a patch of silvery 
light, and when they looked through the trees, they 
saw three tall and beautiful veela standing in a 
clearing, surrounded by a gaggle of young wizards, all 
of whom were talking very loudly. 

I pull down about a hundred sacks of Galleons a 
year! one of them shouted. Im a dragon killer for 
the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous 
Creatures. 

No, youre not! yelled his friend. Youre a 
dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron. ... but Im a 
vampire hunter, Ive killed about ninety so far   

A third young wizard, whose pimples were visible even 
by the dim, silvery light of the veela, now cut in, Im 
about to become the youngest ever Minister of Magic, 

I am. 



  138 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry snorted with laughter. He recognized the 
pimply wizard: His name was Stan Shunpike, and he 
was in fact a conductor on the tripledecker Knight 
Bus. He turned to tell Ron this, but Rons face had 
gone oddly slack, and next second Ron was yelling, 
Did I tell you Ive invented a broomstick thatll reach 
Jupiter? 

Honestly\ said Hermione, and she and Harry 
grabbed Ron firmly by the arms, wheeled him around, 
and marched him away. By the time the sounds of 
the veela and their admirers had faded completely, 
they were in the very heart of the wood. They seemed 
to be alone now; everything was much quieter. 

Harry looked around. I reckon we can just wait here, 
you know. Well hear anyone coming a mile off. 

The words were hardly out of his mouth, when Ludo 
Bagman emerged from behind a tree right ahead of 
them. 

Even by the feeble light of the two wands, Harry could 
see that a great change had come over Bagman. He 
no longer looked buoyant and rosyfaced; there was 
no more spring in his step. He looked very white and 
strained. 

Whos that? he said, blinking down at them, trying 
to make out their faces. What are you doing in here, 
all alone? 

They looked at one another, surprised. 

Well  theres a sort of riot going on, said Ron. 
Bagman stared at him. 

What? 

  139 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




At the campsite . . . some people have got hold of a 
family of Muggles. ... 

Bagman swore loudly. 

Damn them! he said, looking quite distracted, and 
without another word, he Disapparated with a small 
pop\ 

Not exactly on top of things, Mr. Bagman, is he? 
said Hermione, frowning. 

He was a great Beater, though, said Ron, leading 
the way off the path into a small clearing, and sitting 
down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree. 

The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in 
a row while he was with them. 

He took his small figure of Krum out of his pocket, set 
it down on the ground, and watched it walk around. 
Like the real Krum, the model was slightly duck 
footed and roundshouldered, much less impressive 
on his splayed feet than on his broomstick. Harry was 
listening for noise from the campsite. Everything 
seemed much quieter; perhaps the riot was over. 

I hope the others are okay, said Hermione after a 
while. 

Theyll be fine, said Ron. 

Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy, said 
Harry, sitting down next to Ron and watching the 
small figure of Krum slouching over the fallen leaves. 
Hes always said hed like to get something on him. 

Thatd wipe the smirk off old Dracos face, all right, 
said Ron. 



  140 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Those poor Muggles, though, said Hermione 
nervously. What if they cant get them down? 

They will, said Ron reassuringly. Theyll find a 
way. 

Mad, though, to do something like that when the 
whole Ministry of Magics out here tonight! said 
Hermione. I mean, how do they expect to get away 
with it? Do you think theyve been drinking, or are 
they just   

But she broke off abruptly and looked over her 
shoulder. Harry and Ron looked quickly around too. 

It sounded as though someone was staggering toward 
their clearing. They waited, listening to the sounds of 
the uneven steps behind the dark trees. But the 
footsteps came to a sudden halt. 

Hello? called Harry. 

There was silence. Harry got to his feet and peered 
around the tree. It was too dark to see very far, but he 
could sense somebody standing just beyond the range 
of his vision. 

Whos there? he said. 

And then, without warning, the silence was rent by a 
voice unlike any they had heard in the wood; and it 
uttered, not a panicked shout, but what sounded like 
a spell. 

MORSMORDREl  

And something vast, green, and glittering erupted 
from the patch of darkness Harrys eyes had been 
struggling to penetrate; it flew up over the treetops 
and into the sky. 

  141 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What the  ? gasped Ron as he sprang to his feet 
again, staring up at the thing that had appeared. 

For a split second, Harry thought it was another 
leprechaun formation. Then he realized that it was a 
colossal skull, comprised of what looked like emerald 
stars, with a serpent protruding from its mouth like a 
tongue. As they watched, it rose higher and higher, 
blazing in a haze of greenish smoke, etched against 
the black sky like a new constellation. 

Suddenly, the wood all around them erupted with 
screams. Harry didnt understand why, but the only 
possible cause was the sudden appearance of the 
skull, which had now risen high enough to illuminate 
the entire wood like some grisly neon sign. He 
scanned the darkness for the person who had 
conjured the skull, but he couldnt see anyone. 

Whos there? he called again. 

Harry, come on, move\ Hermione had seized the 
collar of his jacket and was tugging him backward. 

Whats the matter? Harry said, startled to see her 
face so white and terrified. 

Its the Dark Mark, Harry! Hermione moaned, 
pulling him as hard as she could. YouKnowWhos 
sign! 

Voldemorts  ? 

Harry, come on! 

Harry turned  Ron was hurriedly scooping up his 
miniature Krum  the three of them started across 
the clearing  but before they had taken a few 
hurried steps, a series of popping noises announced 

  142 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the arrival of twenty wizards, appearing from thin air, 
surrounding them. 

Harry whirled around, and in an instant, he 
registered one fact: Each of these wizards had his 
wand out, and every wand was pointing right at 
himself, Ron, and Hermione. 

Without pausing to think, he yelled, DUCK! 

He seized the other two and pulled them down onto 
the ground. 

STUPEFYl roared twenty voices  there was a 
blinding series of flashes and Harry felt the hair on 
his head ripple as though a powerful wind had swept 
the clearing. Raising his head a fraction of an inch he 
saw jets of fiery red light flying over them from the 
wizards wands, crossing one another, bouncing off 
tree trunks, rebounding into the darkness  

Stop! yelled a voice he recognized. STOP! Thats my 
son\ 

Harrys hair stopped blowing about. He raised his 
head a little higher. The wizard in front of him had 
lowered his wand. He rolled over and saw Mr. Weasley 
striding toward them, looking terrified. 

Ron  Harry  his voice sounded shaky  
Hermione  are you all right? 

Out of the way, Arthur, said a cold, curt voice. 

It was Mr. Crouch. He and the other Ministry wizards 
were closing in on them. Harry got to his feet to face 
them. Mr. Crouchs face was taut with rage. 



  143 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Which of you did it? he snapped, his sharp eyes 
darting between them. Which of you conjured the 
Dark Mark? 

We didnt do that! said Harry, gesturing up at the 
skull. 

We didnt do anything! said Ron, who was rubbing 
his elbow and looking indignantly at his father. What 
did you want to attack us for? 

Do not lie, sir! shouted Mr. Crouch. His wand was 
still pointing directly at Ron, and his eyes were 
popping  he looked slightly mad. You have been 
discovered at the scene of the crime! 

Barty, whispered a witch in a long woolen dressing 
gown, theyre kids, Barty, theyd never have been 
able to   

Where did the Mark come from, you three? said Mr. 
Weasley quickly. 

Over there, said Hermione shakily, pointing at the 
place where they had heard the voice. There was 
someone behind the trees . . . they shouted words  
an incantation   

Oh, stood over there, did they? said Mr. Crouch, 
turning his popping eyes on Hermione now, disbelief 
etched all over his face. Said an incantation, did 
they? You seem very well informed about how that 
Mark is summoned, missy   

But none of the Ministry wizards apart from Mr. 
Crouch seemed to think it remotely likely that Harry, 
Ron, or Hermione had conjured the skull; on the 
contrary, at Hermiones words, they had all raised 



  144 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




their wands again and were pointing in the direction 
she had indicated, squinting through the dark trees. 

Were too late, said the witch in the woolen dressing 
gown, shaking her head. Theyll have Disapparated. 

I dont think so, said a wizard with a scrubby brown 
beard. It was Amos Diggory, Cedrics father. Our 
Stunners went right through those trees. ... Theres a 
good chance we got them. ... 

Amos, be careful! said a few of the wizards 
warningly as Mr. Diggory squared his shoulders, 
raised his wand, marched across the clearing, and 
disappeared into the darkness. Hermione watched 
him vanish with her hands over her mouth. 

A few seconds later, they heard Mr. Diggory shout. 

Yes! We got them! Theres someone here! 
Unconscious! Its  but  blimey ... 

Youve got someone? shouted Mr. Crouch, sounding 
highly disbelieving. Who? Who is it? 

They heard snapping twigs, the rustling of leaves, and 
then crunching footsteps as Mr. Diggory reemerged 
from behind the trees. He was carrying a tiny, limp 
figure in his arms. Harry recognized the tea towel at 
once. It was Winky. 

Mr. Crouch did not move or speak as Mr. Diggory 
deposited his elf on the ground at his feet. The other 
Ministry wizards were all staring at Mr. Crouch. For a 
few seconds Crouch remained transfixed, his eyes 
blazing in his white face as he stared down at Winky. 
Then he appeared to come to life again. 

This  cannot  be, he said jerkily. No   

  145 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He moved quickly around Mr. Diggory and strode off 
toward the place where he had found Winky. 



No point, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Diggory called after him. 
Theres no one else there. 

But Mr. Crouch did not seem prepared to take his 
word for it. They could hear him moving around and 
the rustling of leaves as he pushed the bushes aside, 
searching. 

Bit embarrassing, Mr. Diggory said grimly, looking 
down at Winkys unconscious form. Barty Crouchs 
houseelf ... I mean to say ... 

Come off it, Amos, said Mr. Weasley quietly, you 
dont seriously think it was the elf? The Dark Marks a 
wizards sign. It requires a wand. 

Yeah, said Mr. Diggory, and she had a wand. 

What? said Mr. Weasley. 

Here, look. Mr. Diggory held up a wand and showed 
it to Mr. Weasley. Had it in her hand. So thats 
clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken, for a 
start. No nonhuman creature is permitted to carry or 
use a wand. 

Just then there was another pop, and Ludo Bagman 
Apparated right next to Mr. Weasley. Looking 
breathless and disorientated, he spun on the spot, 
goggling upward at the emeraldgreen skull. 

The Dark Mark! he panted, almost trampling Winky 
as he turned inquiringly to his colleagues. Who did 
it? Did you get them? Barty! Whats going on? 



  146 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mr. Crouch had returned emptyhanded. His face was 
still ghostly white, and his hands and his toothbrush 
mustache were both twitching. 

Where have you been, Barty? said Bagman. Why 
werent you at the match? Your elf was saving you a 
seat too  gulping gargoyles! Bagman had just 
noticed Winky lying at his feet. What happened to 
her? 

I have been busy, Ludo, said Mr. Crouch, still 
talking in the same jerky fashion, barely moving his 
lips. And my elf has been stunned. 

Stunned? By you lot, you mean? But why  ? 

Comprehension dawned suddenly on Bagmans 
round, shiny face; he looked up at the skull, down at 
Winky, and then at Mr. Crouch. 

iVo! he said. Winky? Conjure the Dark Mark? She 
wouldnt know how! Shed need a wand, for a start! 

And she had one, said Mr. Diggory. I found her 
holding one, Ludo. If its all right with you, Mr. 

Crouch, I think we should hear what shes got to say 
for herself. 

Crouch gave no sign that he had heard Mr. Diggory, 
but Mr. Diggory seemed to take his silence for assent. 
He raised his own wand, pointed it at Winky, and 
said, Rennervatel 

Winky stirred feebly. Her great brown eyes opened 
and she blinked several times in a bemused sort of 
way. Watched by the silent wizards, she raised herself 
shakily into a sitting position. She caught sight of Mr. 
Diggorys feet, and slowly, tremulously, raised her 
eyes to stare up into his face; then, more slowly still, 
  147 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




she looked up into the sky. Harry could see the 
floating skull reflected twice in her enormous, glassy 
eyes. She gave a gasp, looked wildly around the 
crowded clearing, and burst into terrified sobs. 

Elf! said Mr. Diggory sternly. Do you know who I 
am? Im a member of the Department for the 
Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures! 

Winky began to rock backward and forward on the 
ground, her breath coming in sharp bursts. Harry 
was reminded forcibly of Dobby in his moments of 
terrified disobedience. 

As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was conjured here a 
short while ago, said Mr. Diggory. And you were 
discovered moments later, right beneath it! An 
explanation, if you please! 

I  I  I is not doing it, sir! Winky gasped. I is not 
knowing how, sir! 

You were found with a wand in your hand! barked 
Mr. Diggory, brandishing it in front of her. And as the 
wand caught the green light that was filling the 
clearing from the skull above, Harry recognized it. 

Hey  thats mine! he said. 

Everyone in the clearing looked at him. 

Excuse me? said Mr. Diggory, incredulously. 

Thats my wand! said Harry. I dropped it! 

You dropped it? repeated Mr. Diggory in disbelief. 

Is this a confession? You threw it aside after you 
conjured the Mark? 



  148 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Amos, think who youre talking to! said Mr. Weasley, 
very angrily. Is Harry Potter likely to conjure the 
Dark Mark? 

Er  of course not, mumbled Mr. Diggory. Sorry ... 
carried away ... 

I didnt drop it there, anyway, said Harry, jerking 
his thumb toward the trees beneath the skull. I 
missed it right after we got into the wood. 

So, said Mr. Diggory, his eyes hardening as he 
turned to look at Winky again, cowering at his feet. 
You found this wand, eh, elf? And you picked it up 
and thought youd have some fun with it, did you? 

I is not doing magic with it, sir! squealed Winky, 
tears streaming down the sides of her squashed and 
bulbous nose. I is ... I is ... I is just picking it up, sir! 

I is not making the Dark Mark, sir, I is not knowing 
how! 

It wasnt her! said Hermione. She looked very 
nervous, speaking up in front of all these Ministry 
wizards, yet determined all the same. Winkys got a 
squeaky little voice, and the voice we heard doing the 
incantation was much deeper! She looked around at 
Harry and Ron, appealing for their support. It didnt 
sound anything like Winky, did it? 

No, said Harry, shaking his head. It definitely didnt 
sound like an elf. 

Yeah, it was a human voice, said Ron. 

Well, well soon see, growled Mr. Diggory, looking 
unimpressed. Theres a simple way of discovering the 
last spell a wand performed, elf, did you know that? 



  149 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Winky trembled and shook her head frantically, her 
ears flapping, as Mr. Diggory raised his own wand 
again and placed it tip to tip with Harrys. 

 Prior Incantatol roared Mr. Diggory. 

Harry heard Hermione gasp, horrified, as a gigantic 
serpenttongued skull erupted from the point where 
the two wands met, but it was a mere shadow of the 
green skull high above them; it looked as though it 
were made of thick gray smoke: the ghost of a spell. 

Deletrius\ Mr. Diggory shouted, and the smoky skull 
vanished in a wisp of smoke. 

So, said Mr. Diggory with a kind of savage triumph, 
looking down upon Winky, who was still shaking 
convulsively. 

I is not doing it! she squealed, her eyes rolling in 
terror. I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how! I is a 
good elf, I isnt using wands, I isnt knowing how! 

 Youve been caught redhanded, elf. Mr. Diggory 
roared. Caught with the guilty wand in your hand\ 

Amos, said Mr. Weasley loudly, think about it ... 
precious few wizards know how to do that spell. ... 
Where would she have learned it? 

Perhaps Amos is suggesting, said Mr. Crouch, cold 
anger in every syllable, that I routinely teach my 
servants to conjure the Dark Mark? 

There was a deeply unpleasant silence. Amos Diggory 
looked horrified. Mr. Crouch ... not ... not at all ... 

You have now come very close to accusing the two 
people in this clearing who are least likely to conjure 

  150 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




that Mark! barked Mr. Crouch. Harry Potter  and 
myself! I suppose you are familiar with the boys 
story, Amos? 

Of course  everyone knows   muttered Mr. 
Diggory, looking highly discomforted. 

And I trust you remember the many proofs I have 
given, over a long career, that I despise and detest the 
Dark Arts and those who practice them? Mr. Crouch 
shouted, his eyes bulging again. 

Mr. Crouch, I  I never suggested you had anything 
to do with it! Amos Diggory muttered again, now 
reddening behind his scrubby brown beard. 

If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Diggory! 
shouted Mr. Crouch. Where else would she have 
learned to conjure it? 

She  she mightve picked it up anywhere   

Precisely, Amos, said Mr. Weasley.  She might have 
picked it up anywhere. ... Winky? he said kindly, 
turning to the elf, but she flinched as though he too 
was shouting at her. Where exactly did you find 
Harrys wand? 

Winky was twisting the hem of her tea towel so 
violently that it was fraying beneath her fingers. 

I  I is finding it ... finding it there, sir. ... she 
whispered, there ... in the trees, sir. ... 

You see, Amos? said Mr. Weasley. Whoever 
conjured the Mark could have Disapparated right 
after theyd done it, leaving Harrys wand behind. A 
clever thing to do, not using their own wand, which 
could have betrayed them. And Winky here had the 
  151 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




misfortune to come across the wand moments later 
and pick it up. 

But then, shed have been only a few feet away from 
the real culprit! said Mr. Diggory impatiently. Elf? 
Did you see anyone? 

Winky began to tremble worse than ever. Her giant 
eyes flickered from Mr. Diggory, to Ludo Bagman, and 
onto Mr. Crouch. Then she gulped and said, I is 
seeing no one, sir ... no one ... 

Amos, said Mr. Crouch curtly, I am fully aware 
that, in the ordinary course of events, you would want 
to take Winky into your department for questioning. I 
ask you, however, to allow me to deal with her. 

Mr. Diggory looked as though he didnt think much of 
this suggestion at all, but it was clear to Harry that 
Mr. Crouch was such an important member of the 
Ministry that he did not dare refuse him. 

You may rest assured that she will be punished, Mr. 
Crouch added coldly. 

Mmmaster ... Winky stammered, looking up at Mr. 
Crouch, her eyes brimming with tears. Mmmaster, 
ppplease ... 

Mr. Crouch stared back, his face somehow 
sharpened, each line upon it more deeply etched. 
There was no pity in his gaze. 

Winky has behaved tonight in a manner I would not 
have believed possible, he said slowly. I told her to 
remain in the tent. I told her to stay there while I 
went to sort out the trouble. And I find that she 
disobeyed me. This means clothes. 



  152 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No! shrieked Winky, prostrating herself at Mr. 
Crouchs feet. No, master! Not clothes, not clothes! 

Harry knew that the only way to turn a houseelf free 
was to present it with proper garments. It was pitiful 
to see the way Winky clutched at her tea towel as she 
sobbed over Mr. Crouchs feet. 

But she was frightened! Hermione burst out angrily, 
glaring at Mr. Crouch. Your elfs scared of heights, 
and those wizards in masks were levitating people! 

You cant blame her for wanting to get out of their 
way! 

Mr. Crouch took a step backward, freeing himself 
from contact with the elf, whom he was surveying as 
though she were something filthy and rotten that was 
contaminating his overshined shoes. 

I have no use for a houseelf who disobeys me, he 
said coldly, looking over at Hermione. I have no use 
for a servant who forgets what is due to her master, 
and to her masters reputation. 

Winky was crying so hard that her sobs echoed 
around the clearing. There was a very nasty silence, 
which was ended by Mr. Weasley, who said quietly, 
Well, I think Ill take my lot back to the tent, if 
nobodys got any objections. Amos, that wands told 
us all it can  if Harry could have it back, please   

Mr. Diggory handed Harry his wand and Harry 
pocketed it. 

Come on, you three, Mr. Weasley said quietly. But 
Hermione didnt seem to want to move; her eyes were 
still upon the sobbing elf. Hermione! Mr. Weasley 
said, more urgently. She turned and followed Harry 
and Ron out of the clearing and off through the trees. 
  153 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Whats going to happen to Winky? said Hermione, 
the moment they had left the clearing. 

I dont know, said Mr. Weasley. 

The way they were treating her! said Hermione 
furiously. Mr. Diggory, calling her elf all the time ... 
and Mr. Crouch! He knows she didnt do it and hes 
still going to sack her! He didnt care how frightened 
shed been, or how upset she was  it was like she 
wasnt even human! 

Well, shes not, said Ron. 

Hermione rounded on him. 

That doesnt mean she hasnt got feelings, Ron. Its 
disgusting the way   

Hermione, I agree with you, said Mr. Weasley 
quickly, beckoning her on, but now is not the time to 
discuss elf rights. I want to get back to the tent as 
fast as we can. What happened to the others? 

We lost them in the dark, said Ron. Dad, why was 
everyone so uptight about that skull thing? 

Ill explain everything back at the tent, said Mr. 
Weasley tensely. 

But when they reached the edge of the wood, their 
progress was impeded. A large crowd of frightened 
looking witches and wizards was congregated there, 
and when they saw Mr. Weasley coming toward them, 
many of them surged forward. 

Whats going on in there? 

Who conjured it? 

  154 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Arthur  its not  Him? 



Of course its not Him, said Mr. Weasley 
impatiently. We dont know who it was; it looks like 
they Disapparated. Now excuse me, please, I want to 
get to bed. 

He led Harry, Ron, and Hermione through the crowd 
and back into the campsite. All was quiet now; there 
was no sign of the masked wizards, though several 
ruined tents were still smoking. 

Charlies head was poking out of the boys tent. 

Dad, whats going on? he called through the dark. 
Fred, George, and Ginny got back okay, but the 
others   

Ive got them here, said Mr. Weasley, bending down 
and entering the tent. Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
entered after him. 

Bill was sitting at the small kitchen table, holding a 
bedsheet to his arm, which was bleeding profusely. 
Charlie had a large rip in his shirt, and Percy was 
sporting a bloody nose. Fred, George, and Ginny 
looked unhurt, though shaken. 

Did you get them, Dad? said Bill sharply. The 
person who conjured the Mark? 

No, said Mr. Weasley. We found Barty Crouchs elf 
holding Harrys wand, but were none the wiser about 
who actually conjured the Mark. 

What? said Bill, Charlie, and Percy together. 

Harrys wand? said Fred. 



  155 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mr. Crouchs elf? said Percy, sounding 
thunderstruck. 

With some assistance from Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione, Mr. Weasley explained what had happened 
in the woods. When they had finished their story, 
Percy swelled indignantly. 

Well, Mr. Crouch is quite right to get rid of an elf like 
that! he said. Running away when hed expressly 
told her not to ... embarrassing him in front of the 
whole Ministry . . . how would that have looked, if 
shed been brought up in front of the Department for 
the Regulation and Control   

She didnt do anything  she was just in the wrong 
place at the wrong time! Hermione snapped at Percy, 
who looked very taken aback. Hermione had always 
got on fairly well with Percy  better, indeed, than 
any of the others. 

Hermione, a wizard in Mr. Crouchs position cant 
afford a houseelf whos going to run amok with a 
wand! said Percy pompously, recovering himself. 

She didnt run amok! shouted Hermione. She just 
picked it up off the ground! 

Look, can someone just explain what that skull thing 
was? said Ron impatiently. It wasnt hurting 
anyone. ... Whys it such a big deal? 

I told you, its YouKnowWhos symbol, Ron, said 
Hermione, before anyone else could answer. I read 
about it in The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts. 

And it hasnt been seen for thirteen years, said Mr. 
Weasley quietly. Of course people panicked ... it was 
almost like seeing YouKnowWho back again. 

  156 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I dont get it, said Ron, frowning. I mean ... its still 
only a shape in the sky. ... 

Ron, YouKnowWho and his followers sent the Dark 
Mark into the air whenever they killed, said Mr. 
Weasley. The terror it inspired ... you have no idea, 
youre too young. Just picture coming home and 
finding the Dark Mark hovering over your house, and 
knowing what youre about to find inside. ... Mr. 
Weasley winced. Everyones worst fear ... the very 
worst ... 

There was silence for a moment. Then Bill, removing 
the sheet from his arm to check on his cut, said, 

Well, it didnt help us tonight, whoever conjured it. It 
scared the Death Eaters away the moment they saw 
it. They all Disapparated before wed got near enough 
to unmask any of them. We caught the Robertses 
before they hit the ground, though. Theyre having 
their memories modified right now. 

Death Eaters? said Harry. What are Death Eaters? 

Its what YouKnow Whos supporters called 
themselves, said Bill. I think we saw whats left of 
them tonight  the ones who managed to keep 
themselves out of Azkaban, anyway. 

We cant prove it was them, Bill, said Mr. Weasley. 
Though it probably was, he added hopelessly. 

Yeah, I bet it was! said Ron suddenly. Dad, we met 
Draco Malfoy in the woods, and he as good as told us 
his dad was one of those nutters in masks! And we all 
know the Malfoys were right in with YouKnowWho! 

But what were Voldemorts supporters   Harry 
began. Everybody flinched  like most of the 
wizarding world, the Weasleys always avoided saying 

  157 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Voldemorts name. Sorry, said Harry quickly. What 
were You Know Whos supporters up to, levitating 
Muggles? I mean, what was the point? 

The point? said Mr. Weasley with a hollow laugh. 
Harry, thats their idea of fun. Half the Muggle 
killings back when YouKnowWho was in power were 
done for fun. I suppose they had a few drinks tonight 
and couldnt resist reminding us all that lots of them 
are still at large. A nice little reunion for them, he 
finished disgustedly. 

But if they were the Death Eaters, why did they 
Disapparate when they saw the Dark Mark? said 
Ron. Theyd have been pleased to see it, wouldnt 
they? 

Use your brains, Ron, said Bill. If they really were 
Death Eaters, they worked very hard to keep out of 
Azkaban when YouKnowWho lost power, and told all 
sorts of lies about him forcing them to kill and torture 
people. I bet theyd be even more frightened than the 
rest of us to see him come back. They denied theyd 
ever been involved with him when he lost his powers, 
and went back to their daily lives. ... I dont reckon 
hed be overpleased with them, do you? 

So ... whoever conjured the Dark Mark ... said 
Hermione slowly, were they doing it to show support 
for the Death Eaters, or to scare them away? 

Your guess is as good as ours, Hermione, said Mr. 
Weasley. But Ill tell you this ... it was only the Death 
Eaters who ever knew how to conjure it. Id be very 
surprised if the person who did it hadnt been a Death 
Eater once, even if theyre not now. ... Listen, its very 
late, and if your mother hears whats happened shell 
be worried sick. Well get a few more hours sleep and 
then try and get an early Portkey out of here. 

  158 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry got back into his bunk with his head buzzing. 
He knew he ought to feel exhausted: It was nearly 
three in the morning, but he felt wideawake  wide 
awake, and worried. 

Three days ago  it felt like much longer, but it had 
only been three days  he had awoken with his scar 
burning. And tonight, for the first time in thirteen 
years, Lord Voldemorts mark had appeared in the 
sky. What did these things mean? 

He thought of the letter he had written to Sirius 
before leaving Privet Drive. Would Sirius have gotten 
it yet? When would he reply? Harry lay looking up at 
the canvas, but no flying fantasies came to him now 
to ease him to sleep, and it was a long time after 
Charlies snores filled the tent that Harry finally dozed 
off. 



  159 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




10 




MAYHEM AT THE MINISTRY 

Mr. Weasley woke them after only a few hours sleep. 
He used magic to pack up the tents, and they left the 
campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mr. Roberts 
at the door of his cottage. Mr. Roberts had a strange, 
dazed look about him, and he waved them off with a 
vague Merry Christmas. 

Hell be all right, said Mr. Weasley quietly as they 
marched off onto the moor. Sometimes, when a 
persons memorys modified, it makes him a bit 
disorientated for a while . . . and that was a big thing 
they had to make him forget. 

They heard urgent voices as they approached the spot 
where the Portkeys lay, and when they reached it, 
they found a great number of witches and wizards 
gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys, all 
clamoring to get away from the campsite as quickly as 
possible. Mr. Weasley had a hurried discussion with 
Basil; they joined the queue, and were able to take an 
old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun 
had really risen. They walked back through Ottery St. 
  160 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow 
in the dawn light, talking very little because they were 
so exhausted, and thinking longingly of their 
breakfast. As they rounded the corner and the 
Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the lane. 

Oh thank goodness, thank goodness! 

Mrs. Weasley, who had evidently been waiting for 
them in the front yard, came running toward them, 
still wearing her bedroom slippers, her face pale and 
strained, a rolledup copy of the Daily Prophet 
clutched in her hand. 

Arthur  Ive been so worried  so worried   

She flung her arms around Mr. Weasleys neck, and 
the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the 
ground. Looking down, Harry saw the headline: 
SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD 
CUP, complete with a twinkling blackandwhite 
photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetops. 

Youre all right, Mrs. Weasley muttered distractedly, 
releasing Mr. Weasley and staring around at them all 
with red eyes, youre alive. ... Oh boys ... 

And to everybodys surprise, she seized Fred and 
George and pulled them both into such a tight hug 
that their heads banged together. 

 Ouch\ Mum  youre strangling us   

I shouted at you before you left! Mrs. Weasley said, 
starting to sob. Its all Ive been thinking about! What 
if YouKnowWho had got you, and the last thing I 
ever said to you was that you didnt get enough 
O.W.L.s? Oh Fred ... George ... 



  161 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Come on, now, Molly, were all perfectly okay, said 
Mr. Weasley soothingly, prising her off the twins and 
leading her back toward the house. Bill, he added in 
an undertone, pick up that paper, I want to see what 
it says. ... 

When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, 
and Hermione had made Mrs. Weasley a cup of very 
strong tea, into which Mr. Weasley insisted on 
pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill 
handed his father the newspaper. Mr. Weasley 
scanned the front  while Percy looked over his 
shoulder. 

I knew it, said Mr. Weasley heavily. Ministry 
blunders ... culprits not apprehended ... lax security ... 
Dark wizards running unchecked . . . national disgrace 
... Who wrote this? Ah ... of course ... Rita Skeeter. 

That womans got it in for the Ministry of Magic! 
said Percy furiously. Last week she was saying were 
wasting our time quibbling about cauldron thickness, 
when we should be stamping out vampires! As if it 
wasnt specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the 
Guidelines for the Treatment of NonWizard Part 
Humans   

Do us a favor, Perce, said Bill, yawning, and shut 
up. 

Im mentioned, said Mr. Weasley, his eyes widening 
behind his glasses as he reached the bottom of the 
Daily Prophet article. 

Where? spluttered Mrs. Weasley, choking on her tea 
and whiskey. If Id seen that, Id have known you 
were alive! 



  162 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Not by name, said Mr. Weasley. Listen to this: If 
the terrified wizards and witches who waited 
breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected 
reassurance from the Ministry of Magic, they were 
sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged some 
time after the appearance of the Dark Mark alleging 
that nobody had been hurt, but refusing to give any 
more information. Whether this statement will be 
enough to quash the rumors that several bodies were 
removed from the woods an hour later, remains to be 
seen. Oh really, said Mr. Weasley in exasperation, 
handing the paper to Percy. Nobody was hurt. What 
was I supposed to say? Rumors that several bodies 
were removed from the woods ... well, there certainly 
will be rumors now shes printed that. 

He heaved a deep sigh. Molly, Im going to have to go 
into the office; this is going to take some smoothing 
over. 

Ill come with you, Father, said Percy importantly. 
Mr. Crouch will need all hands on deck. And I can 
give him my cauldron report in person. 

He bustled out of the kitchen. Mrs. Weasley looked 
most upset. 

Arthur, youre supposed to be on holiday! This hasnt 
got anything to do with your office; surely they can 
handle this without you? 

Ive got to go, Molly, said Mr. Weasley. Ive made 
things worse. Ill just change into my robes and Ill be 
off. ... 

Mrs. Weasley, said Harry suddenly, unable to 
contain himself, Hedwig hasnt arrived with a letter 
for me, has she? 



  163 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hedwig, dear? said Mrs. Weasley distractedly. No ... 
no, there hasnt been any post at all. 

Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry. With a 
meaningful look at both of them he said, All right if I 
go and dump my stuff in your room, Ron? 

Yeah ... think I will too, said Ron at once. 
Hermione? 

Yes, she said quickly, and the three of them 
marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs. 

Whats up, Harry? said Ron, the moment they had 
closed the door of the attic room behind them. 

Theres something I havent told you, Harry said. 

On Saturday morning, I woke up with my scar 
hurting again. 

Rons and Hermiones reactions were almost exactly 
as Harry had imagined them back in his bedroom on 
Privet Drive. Hermione gasped and started making 
suggestions at once, mentioning a number of 
reference books, and everybody from Albus 
Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts nurse. 
Ron simply looked dumbstruck. 

But  he wasnt there, was he? YouKnowWho? I 
mean  last time your scar kept hurting, he was at 
Hogwarts, wasnt he? 

Im sure he wasnt on Privet Drive, said Harry. But I 
was dreaming about him . . . him and Peter  you 
know, Wormtail. I cant remember all of it now, but 
they were plotting to kill ... someone. 



  164 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He had teetered for a moment on the verge of saying 
me, but couldnt bring himself to make Hermione 
look any more horrified than she already did. 

It was only a dream, said Ron bracingly. Just a 
nightmare. 

Yeah, but was it, though? said Harry, turning to 
look out of the window at the brightening sky. Its 
weird, isnt it? ... My scar hurts, and three days later 
the Death Eaters are on the march, and Voldemorts 
signs up in the sky again. 

Dont  say  his  name! Ron hissed through 
gritted teeth. 

And remember what Professor Trelawney said? 

Harry went on, ignoring Ron. At the end of last 
year? 

Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at 
Hogwarts. Hermione s terrified look vanished as she 
let out a derisive snort. 

Oh Harry, you arent going to pay attention to 
anything that old fraud says? 

You werent there, said Harry. You didnt hear her. 
This time was different. I told you, she went into a 
trance  a real one. And she said the Dark Lord 
would rise again . . . greater and more terrible than ever 
before ... and hed manage it because his servant was 
going to go back to him ... and that night Wormtail 
escaped. 

There was a silence in which Ron fidgeted 
absentmindedly with a hole in his Chudley Cannons 
bedspread. 



  165 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Why were you asking if Hedwig had come, Harry? 
Hermione asked. Are you expecting a letter? 

I told Sirius about my scar, said Harry, shrugging. 
Im waiting for his answer. 

Good thinking! said Ron, his expression clearing. I 
bet Sirius ll know what to do! 

I hoped hed get back to me quickly, said Harry. 

But we dont know where Sirius is ... he could be in 
Africa or somewhere, couldnt he? said Hermione 
reasonably. Hedwigs not going to manage that 
journey in a few days. 

Yeah, I know, said Harry, but there was a leaden 
feeling in his stomach as he looked out of the window 
at the Hedwigfree sky. 

Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, 
Harry, said Ron. Come on  three on three, Bill and 
Charlie and Fred and George will play. ... You can try 
out the Wronski Feint. ... 

Ron, said Hermione, in an Idontthinkyoure 
being very sensitive sort of voice, Harry doesnt want 
to play Quidditch right now. ... Hes worried, and hes 
tired. ... We all need to go to bed. ... 

Yeah, I want to play Quidditch, said Harry 
suddenly. Hang on, Ill get my Firebolt. 

Hermione left the room, muttering something that 
sounded very much like Boys. 

k k k 



  166 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy was at home much 
over the following week. Both left the house each 
morning before the rest of the family got up, and 
returned well after dinner every night. 

Its been an absolute uproar, Percy told them 
importantly the Sunday evening before they were due 
to return to Hogwarts. Ive been putting out fires all 
week. People keep sending Howlers, and of course, if 
you dont open a Howler straight away, it explodes. 
Scorch marks all over my desk and my best quill 
reduced to cinders. 

Why are they all sending Howlers? asked Ginny, 
who was mending her copy of One Thousand Magical 
Herbs and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of 
the living room fire. 

Complaining about security at the World Cup, said 
Percy. They want compensation for their ruined 
property. Mundungus Fletchers put in a claim for a 
twelvebedroomed tent with ensuite Jacuzzi, but Ive 
got his number. I know for a fact he was sleeping 
under a cloak propped on sticks. 

Mrs. Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the 
corner. Harry liked this clock. It was completely 
useless if you wanted to know the time, but otherwise 
very informative. It had nine golden hands, and each 
of them was engraved with one of the Weasley familys 
names. There were no numerals around the face, but 
descriptions of where each family member might be. 
Home, school, and work were there, but there 
was also traveling, lost, hospital, prison, and, 
in the position where the number twelve would be on 
a normal clock, mortal peril. 

Eight of the hands were currently pointing to the 
home position, but Mr. Weasleys, which was the 

  167 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




longest, was still pointing to work. Mrs. Weasley 
sighed. 



Your father hasnt had to go into the office on 
weekends since the days of YouKnowWho, she said. 
Theyre working him far too hard. His dinners going 
to be mined if he doesnt come home soon. 

Well, Father feels hes got to make up for his mistake 
at the match, doesnt he? said Percy. If truth be 
told, he was a tad unwise to make a public statement 
without clearing it with his Head of Department first 



Dont you dare blame your father for what that 
wretched Skeeter woman wrote! said Mrs. Weasley, 
flaring up at once. 

If Dad hadnt said anything, old Rita would just have 
said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry 
had commented, said Bill, who was playing chess 
with Ron. Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look 
good. Remember, she interviewed all the Gringotts 
Charm Breakers once, and called me a longhaired 
pillock? 

Well, it is a bit long, dear, said Mrs. Weasley gently. 
If youd just let me   

No, Mum. 

Rain lashed against the living room window. 

Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of 
Spells, Grade 4, copies of which Mrs. Weasley had 
bought for her, Harry, and Ron in Diagon Alley. 
Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava. Harry was 
polishing his Firebolt, the broomstick servicing kit 
Hermione had given him for his thirteenth birthday 
open at his feet. Fred and George were sitting in a far 
  168 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




corner, quills out, talking in whispers, their heads 
bent over a piece of parchment. 

What are you two up to? said Mrs. Weasley sharply, 
her eyes on the twins. 

Homework, said Fred vaguely. 

Dont be ridiculous, youre still on holiday, said Mrs. 
Weasley. 

Yeah, weve left it a bit late, said George. 

Youre not by any chance writing out a new order 
form, are you? said Mrs. Weasley shrewdly. You 
wouldnt be thinking of restarting Weasleys Wizard 
Wheezes, by any chance? 

Now, Mum, said Fred, looking up at her, a pained 
look on his face. If the Hogwarts Express crashed 
tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel 
to know that the last thing we ever heard from you 
was an unfounded accusation? 

Everyone laughed, even Mrs. Weasley. 

Oh your fathers coming! she said suddenly, looking 
up at the clock again. 

Mr. Weasleys hand had suddenly spun from work 
to traveling; a second later it had shuddered to a 
halt on home with the others, and they heard him 
calling from the kitchen. 

Coming, Arthur! called Mrs. Weasley, hurrying out 
of the room. 



  169 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A few moments later, Mr. Weasley came into the 
warm living room carrying his dinner on a tray. He 
looked completely exhausted. 

Well, the fats really in the fire now, he told Mrs. 
Weasley as he sat down in an armchair near the 
hearth and toyed unenthusiastically with his 
somewhat shriveled cauliflower. Rita Skeeters been 
ferreting around all week, looking for more Ministry 
messups to report. And now shes found out about 
poor old Bertha going missing, so thatll be the 
headline in the Prophet tomorrow. I told Bagman he 
should have sent someone to look for her ages ago. 

Mr. Crouch has been saying it for weeks and weeks, 
said Percy swiftly. 

Crouch is very lucky Rita hasnt found out about 
Winky, said Mr. Weasley irritably. Thered be a 
weeks worth of headlines in his houseelf being 
caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark 
Mark. 

I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while 
irresponsible, did not conjure the Mark? said Percy 
hotly. 

If you ask me, Mr. Crouch is very lucky no one at the 
Daily Prophet knows how mean he is to elves! said 
Hermione angrily. 

Now look here, Hermione! said Percy. A high 
ranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch deserves 
unswerving obedience from his servants   

His slave, you mean! said Hermione, her voice rising 
passionately, because he didnt pay Winky, did he? 



  170 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I think youd all better go upstairs and check that 
youve packed properly! said Mrs. Weasley, breaking 
up the argument. Come on now, all of you. ... 

Harry repacked his broomstick servicing kit, put his 
Firebolt over his shoulder, and went back upstairs 
with Ron. The rain sounded even louder at the top of 
the house, accompanied by loud whistlings and 
moans from the wind, not to mention sporadic howls 
from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon 
began twittering and zooming around his cage when 
they entered. The sight of the halfpacked trunks 
seemed to have sent him into a frenzy of excitement. 

Bung him some Owl Treats, said Ron, throwing a 
packet across to Harry. It might shut him up. 

Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of 
Pigwidgeons cage, then turned to his trunk. Hedwigs 
cage stood next to it, still empty. 

Its been over a week, Harry said, looking at 
Hedwigs deserted perch. Ron, you dont reckon 
Sirius has been caught, do you? 

Nah, it wouldve been in the Daily Prophet, said Ron. 
The Ministry would want to show theyd caught 
someone, wouldnt they? 

Yeah, I suppose. ... 

Look, heres the stuff Mum got for you in Diagon 
Alley. And shes got some gold out of your vault for 
you ... and shes washed all your socks. 

He heaved a pile of parcels onto Harrys camp bed 
and dropped the money bag and a load of socks next 
to it. Harry started unwrapping the shopping. Apart 
from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, by 

  171 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Miranda Goshawk, he had a handful of new quills, a 
dozen rolls of parchment, and refills for his potion 
making kit  he had been running low on spine of 
lionfish and essence of belladonna. He was just piling 
underwear into his cauldron when Ron made a loud 
noise of disgust behind him. 

What is that supposed to be? 

He was holding up something that looked to Harry 
like a long, maroon velvet dress. It had a moldy 
looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs. 

There was a knock on the door, and Mrs. Weasley 
entered, carrying an armful of freshly laundered 
Hogwarts robes. 

Here you are, she said, sorting them into two piles. 
Now, mind you pack them properly so they dont 
crease. 

Mum, youve given me Ginnys new dress, said Ron, 
handing it out to her. 

Of course I havent, said Mrs. Weasley. Thats for 
you. Dress robes. 

What? said Ron, looking horrorstruck. 

Dress robes! repeated Mrs. Weasley. It says on your 
school list that youre supposed to have dress robes 
this year ... robes for formal occasions. 

Youve got to be kidding, said Ron in disbelief. Im 
not wearing that, no way. 

Everyone wears them, Ron! said Mrs. Weasley 
crossly. Theyre all like that! Your fathers got some 
for smart parties! 

  172 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ill go starkers before I put that on, said Ron 
stubbornly. 

Dont be so silly, said Mrs. Weasley. Youve got to 
have dress robes, theyre on your list! I got some for 
Harry too ... show him, Harry. ... 

In some trepidation, Harry opened the last parcel on 
his camp bed. It wasnt as bad as he had expected, 
however; his dress robes didnt have any lace on them 
at all  in fact, they were more or less the same as 
his school ones, except that they were bottle green 
instead of black. 

I thought theyd bring out the color of your eyes, 
dear, said Mrs. Weasley fondly. 

Well, theyre okay! said Ron angrily, looking at 
Harrys robes. Why couldnt I have some like that? 

Because ... well, I had to get yours secondhand, and 
there wasnt a lot of choice! said Mrs. Weasley, 
flushing. 

Harry looked away. He would willingly have split all 
the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, 
but he knew they would never take it. 

Im never wearing them, Ron was saying stubbornly. 
Never. 

Fine, snapped Mrs. Weasley. Go naked. And, Harry, 
make sure you get a picture of him. Goodness knows 
I could do with a laugh. 

She left the room, slamming the door behind her. 
There was a funny spluttering noise from behind 
them. Pigwidgeon was choking on an overlarge Owl 
Treat. 

  173 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Why is everything I own rubbish? said Ron 
furiously, striding across the room to unstick 
Pigwidgeons beak. 



  174 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






ABOARD THE HOGWARTS EXPRESS 

There was a definite endoftheholidays gloom in the 
air when Harry awoke next morning. Heavy rain was 
still splattering against the window as he got dressed 
in jeans and a sweatshirt; they would change into 
their school robes on the Hogwarts Express. 

He, Ron, Fred, and George had just reached the first 
floor landing on their way down to breakfast, when 
Mrs. Weasley appeared at the foot of the stairs, 
looking harassed. 

Arthur! she called up the staircase. Arthur! Urgent 
message from the Ministry! 

Harry flattened himself against the wall as Mr. 
Weasley came clattering past with his robes on back 
tofront and hurtled out of sight. When Harry and the 
others entered the kitchen, they saw Mrs. Weasley 
rummaging anxiously in the drawers  Ive got a 
quill here somewhere!  and Mr. Weasley bending 
over the fire, talking to  



  175 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry shut his eyes hard and opened them again to 
make sure that they were working properly. 

Amos Diggorys head was sitting in the middle of the 
flames like a large, bearded egg. It was talking very 
fast, completely unperturbed by the sparks flying 
around it and the flames licking its ears. 

"... Muggle neighbors heard bangs and shouting, so 
they went and called those whatdyoucallems  
pleasemen. Arthur, youve got to get over there   

Here! said Mrs. Weasley breathlessly, pushing a 
piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled 
quill into Mr. Weasleys hands. 

  its a real stroke of luck I heard about it, said Mr. 
Diggorys head. I had to come into the office early to 
send a couple of owls, and I found the Improper Use 
of Magic lot all setting off  if Rita Skeeter gets hold 
of this one, Arthur   

What does MadEye say happened? asked Mr. 
Weasley, unscrewing the ink bottle, loading up his 
quill, and preparing to take notes. 

Mr. Diggorys head rolled its eyes. Says he heard an 
intruder in his yard. Says he was creeping toward the 
house, but was ambushed by his dustbins. 

What did the dustbins do? asked Mr. Weasley, 
scribbling frantically. 

Made one hell of a noise and fired rubbish 
everywhere, as far as I can tell, said Mr. Diggory. 
Apparently one of them was still rocketing around 
when the pleasemen turned up   

Mr. Weasley groaned. 

  176 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And what about the intruder? 



Arthur, you know MadEye, said Mr. Diggorys head, 
rolling its eyes again. Someone creeping into his yard 
in the dead of night? More likely theres a very shell 
shocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in 
potato peelings. But if the Improper Use of Magic lot 
get their hands on MadEye, hes had it  think of 
his record  weve got to get him off on a minor 
charge, something in your department  what are 
exploding dustbins worth? 

Might be a caution, said Mr. Weasley, still writing 
very fast, his brow furrowed. MadEye didnt use his 
wand? He didnt actually attack anyone? 

Ill bet he leapt out of bed and started jinxing 
everything he could reach through the window, said 
Mr. Diggory, but theyll have a job proving it, there 
arent any casualties. 

All right, Im off, Mr. Weasley said, and he stuffed 
the parchment with his notes on it into his pocket 
and dashed out of the kitchen again. 

Mr. Diggorys head looked around at Mrs. Weasley. 

Sorry about this, Molly, it said, more calmly, 
bothering you so early and everything . . . but Arthurs 
the only one who can get MadEye off, and MadEyes 
supposed to be starting his new job today. Why he 
had to choose last night ... 

Never mind, Amos, said Mrs. Weasley. Sure you 
wont have a bit of toast or anything before you go? 

Oh go on, then, said Mr. Diggory. 



  177 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mrs. Weasley took a piece of buttered toast from a 
stack on the kitchen table, put it into the fire tongs, 
and transferred it into Mr. Diggorys mouth. 

Fanks, he said in a muffled voice, and then, with a 
small pop, vanished. 

Harry could hear Mr. Weasley calling hurried good 
byes to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girls. Within five 
minutes, he was back in the kitchen, his robes on the 
right way now, dragging a comb through his hair. 

Id better hurry  you have a good term, boys, said 
Mr. Weasley to Harry, Ron, and the twins, fastening a 
cloak over his shoulders and preparing to 
Disapparate. Molly, are you going to be all right 
taking the kids to Kings Cross? 

Of course I will, she said. You just look after Mad 
Eye, well be fine. 

As Mr. Weasley vanished, Bill and Charlie entered the 
kitchen. 

Did someone say MadEye? Bill asked. Whats he 
been up to now? 

He says someone tried to break into his house last 
night, said Mrs. Weasley. 

MadEye Moody? said George thoughtfully, 
spreading marmalade on his toast. Isnt he that 
nutter   

Your father thinks very highly of MadEye Moody, 
said Mrs. Weasley sternly. 



  178 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesnt he? said Fred 
quietly as Mrs. Weasley left the room. Birds of a 
feather ... 

Moody was a great wizard in his time, said Bill. 

Hes an old friend of Dumbledores, isnt he? said 
Charlie. 

Dumbledores not what youd call normal, though, is 
he? said Fred. I mean, I know hes a genius and 
everything ... 

Who is MadEye? asked Harry. 

Hes retired, used to work at the Ministry, said 
Charlie. I met him once when Dad took me into work 
with him. He was an Auror  one of the best ... a 
Dark wizard catcher, he added, seeing Harrys blank 
look. Half the cells in Azkaban are full because of 
him. He made himself loads of enemies, though ... the 
families of people he caught, mainly . . . and I heard 
hes been getting really paranoid in his old age. 
Doesnt trust anyone anymore. Sees Dark wizards 
everywhere. 

Bill and Charlie decided to come and see everyone off 
at Kings Cross station, but Percy, apologizing most 
profusely, said that he really needed to get to work. 

I just cant justify taking more time off at the 
moment, he told them. Mr. Crouch is really starting 
to rely on me. 

Yeah, you know what, Percy? said George seriously. 
I reckon hell know your name soon. 



  179 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mrs. Weasley had braved the telephone in the village 
post office to order three ordinary Muggle taxis to take 
them into London. 



Arthur tried to borrow Ministry cars for us, Mrs. 
Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rain 
washed yard, watching the taxi drivers heaving six 
heavy Hogwarts trunks into their cars. But there 
werent any to spare. ... Oh dear, they dont look 
happy, do they? 

Harry didnt like to tell Mrs. Weasley that Muggle taxi 
drivers rarely transported overexcited owls, and 
Pigwidgeon was making an earsplitting racket. Nor 
did it help that a number of Filibusters Fabulous 
WetStart, NoHeat Fireworks went off unexpectedly 
when Freds trunk sprang open, causing the driver 
carrying it to yell with fright and pain as Crookshanks 
clawed his way up the mans leg. 

The journey was uncomfortable, owing to the fact that 
they were jammed in the back of the taxis with their 
trunks. Crookshanks took quite a while to recover 
from the fireworks, and by the time they entered 
London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all severely 
scratched. They were very relieved to get out at Kings 
Cross, even though the rain was coming down harder 
than ever, and they got soaked carrying their trunks 
across the busy road and into the station. 

Harry was used to getting onto platform nine and 
threequarters by now. It was a simple matter of 
walking straight through the apparently solid barrier 
dividing platforms nine and ten. The only tricky part 
was doing this in an unobtrusive way, so as to avoid 
attracting Muggle attention. They did it in groups 
today; Harry, Ron, and Hermione (the most 
conspicuous, since they were accompanied by 
Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first; they leaned 
  180 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




casually against the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, 
and slid sideways through it ... and as they did so, 
platform nine and threequarters materialized in front 
of them. 

The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam 
engine, was already there, clouds of steam billowing 
from it, through which the many Hogwarts students 
and parents on the platform appeared like dark 
ghosts. Pigwidgeon became noisier than ever in 
response to the hooting of many owls through the 
mist. Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off to find seats, 
and were soon stowing their luggage in a 
compartment halfway along the train. They then 
hopped back down onto the platform to say goodbye 
to Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie. 

I might be seeing you all sooner than you think, 
said Charlie, grinning, as he hugged Ginny goodbye. 

Why? said Fred keenly. 

Youll see, said Charlie. Just dont tell Percy I 
mentioned it ... its classified information, until such 
time as the Ministry sees fit to release it, after all. 

Yeah, I sort of wish I were back at Hogwarts this 
year, said Bill, hands in his pockets, looking almost 
wistfully at the train. 

Why? said George impatiently. 

Youre going to have an interesting year, said Bill, 
his eyes twinkling. I might even get time off to come 
and watch a bit of it. ... 

A bit of what? said Ron. 



  181 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But at that moment, the whistle blew, and Mrs. 
Weasley chivvied them toward the train doors. 

Thanks for having us to stay, Mrs. Weasley, said 
Hermione as they climbed on board, closed the door, 
and leaned out of the window to talk to her. 

Yeah, thanks for everything, Mrs. Weasley, said 
Harry. 

Oh it was my pleasure, dears, said Mrs. Weasley. 
Td invite you for Christmas, but ... well, I expect 
youre all going to want to stay at Hogwarts, what 
with ... one thing and another. 

Mum! said Ron irritably. What dyou three know 
that we dont? 

Youll find out this evening, I expect, said Mrs. 
Weasley, smiling. Its going to be very exciting  
mind you, Im very glad theyve changed the rules   

What rules? said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George 
together. 

Im sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you. ... Now, 
behave, wont you? Wont you, Fred? And you, 
George? 

The pistons hissed loudly and the train began to 
move. 

Tell us whats happening at Hogwarts! Fred 
bellowed out of the window as Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and 
Charlie sped away from them. What rules are they 
changing? 



  182 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But Mrs. Weasley only smiled and waved. Before the 
train had rounded the corner, she, Bill, and Charlie 
had Disapparated. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to their 
compartment. The thick rain splattering the windows 
made it very difficult to see out of them. Ron undid 
his trunk, pulled out his maroon dress robes, and 
flung them over Pigwidgeons cage to muffle his 
hooting. 

Bagman wanted to tell us whats happening at 
Hogwarts, he said grumpily, sitting down next to 
Harry. At the World Cup, remember? But my own 
mother wont say. Wonder what   

Shh! Hermione whispered suddenly, pressing her 
finger to her lips and pointing toward the 
compartment next to theirs. Harry and Ron listened, 
and heard a familiar drawling voice drifting in 
through the open door. 

"... Father actually considered sending me to 
Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. He 
knows the headmaster, you see. Well, you know his 
opinion of Dumbledore  the mans such a 
Mudbloodlover  and Durmstrang doesnt admit 
that sort of riffraff. But Mother didnt like the idea of 
me going to school so far away. Father says 
Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line than 
Hogwarts about the Dark Arts. Durmstrang students 
actually learn them, not just the defense rubbish we 
do. ... 

Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, 
and slid it shut, blocking out Malfoys voice. 



  183 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




So he thinks Durmstrang would have suited him, 
does he? she said angrily. I wish he had gone, then 
we wouldnt have to put up with him. 

Durmstrangs another wizarding school? said Harry. 

Yes, said Hermione sniffily, and its got a horrible 
reputation. According to An Appraisal of Magical 
Education in Europe, it puts a lot of emphasis on the 
Dark Arts. 

I think Ive heard of it, said Ron vaguely. Where is 
it? What country? 

Well, nobody knows, do they? said Hermione, 
raising her eyebrows. 

Er  why not? said Harry. 

Theres traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all 
the magic schools. Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like 
to conceal their whereabouts so nobody can steal 
their secrets, said Hermione matteroffactly. 

Come off it, said Ron, starting to laugh. 
Durmstrangs got to be about the same size as 
Hogwarts  how are you going to hide a great big 
castle? 

But Hogwarts is hidden, said Hermione, in surprise. 
Everyone knows that ... well, everyone whos read 
Hogwarts, A History, anyway. 

Just you, then, said Ron. So go on  how dyou 
hide a place like Hogwarts? 

Its bewitched, said Hermione. If a Muggle looks at 
it, all they see is a moldering old ruin with a sign over 



  184 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the entrance saying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, 
UNSAFE. 

So Durmstrangll just look like a min to an outsider 
too? 

Maybe, said Hermione, shrugging, or it might have 
Mugglerepelling charms on it, like the World Cup 
stadium. And to keep foreign wizards from finding it, 
theyll have made it Unplottable   

Come again? 

Well, you can enchant a building so its impossible to 
plot on a map, cant you? 

Er ... if you say so, said Harry. 

But I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the 
far north, said Hermione thoughtfully. Somewhere 
very cold, because theyve got fur capes as part of 
their uniforms. 

Ah, think of the possibilities, said Ron dreamily. It 
wouldve been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and 
make it look like an accident. ... Shame his mother 
likes him. ... 

The rain became heavier and heavier as the train 
moved farther north. The sky was so dark and the 
windows so steamy that the lanterns were lit by 
midday. The lunch trolley came rattling along the 
corridor, and Harry bought a large stack of Cauldron 
Cakes for them to share. 

Several of their friends looked in on them as the 
afternoon progressed, including Seamus Finnigan, 
Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom, a round 
faced, extremely forgetful boy who had been brought 

  185 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




up by his formidable witch of a grandmother. Seamus 
was still wearing his Ireland rosette. Some of its 
magic seemed to be wearing off now; it was still 
squeaking  Troy  Mullet  Moran\ but in a very 
feeble and exhausted sort of way. After half an hour 
or so, Hermione, growing tired of the endless 
Quidditch talk, buried herself once more in The 
Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, and started trying 
to learn a Summoning Charm. 

Neville listened jealously to the others conversation 
as they relived the Cup match. 

Gran didnt want to go, he said miserably. Wouldnt 
buy tickets. It sounded amazing though. 

It was, said Ron. Look at this, Neville. ... 

He rummaged in his trunk up in the luggage rack and 
pulled out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum. 

Oh wow, said Neville enviously as Ron tipped Krum 
onto his pudgy hand. 

We saw him right up close, as well, said Ron. We 
were in the Top Box   

For the first and last time in your life, Weasley. 

Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. Behind 
him stood Crabbe and Goyle, his enormous, thuggish 
cronies, both of whom appeared to have grown at 
least a foot during the summer. Evidently they had 
overheard the conversation through the compartment 
door, which Dean and Seamus had left ajar. 

Dont remember asking you to join us, Malfoy, said 
Harry coolly. 



  186 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Weasley ... what is that? said Malfoy, pointing at 
Pigwidgeons cage. A sleeve of Rons dress robes was 
dangling from it, swaying with the motion of the train, 
the moldy lace cuff very obvious. 

Ron made to stuff the robes out of sight, but Malfoy 
was too quick for him; he seized the sleeve and 
pulled. 

Look at this! said Malfoy in ecstasy, holding up 
Rons robes and showing Crabbe and Goyle, Weasley, 
you werent thinking of wearing these, were you? I 
mean  they were very fashionable in about eighteen 
ninety. ... 

Eat dung, Malfoy! said Ron, the same color as the 
dress robes as he snatched them back out of Malfoys 
grip. Malfoy howled with derisive laughter; Crabbe 
and Goyle guffawed stupidly. 

So ... going to enter, Weasley? Going to try and bring 
a bit of glory to the family name? Theres money 
involved as well, you know ... youd be able to afford 
some decent robes if you won. ... 

What are you talking about? snapped Ron. 

 Are you going to enter? Malfoy repeated. I suppose 
you will, Potter? You never miss a chance to show off, 
do you? 

Either explain what youre on about or go away, 
Malfoy, said Hermione testily, over the top of The 
Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4. 

A gleeful smile spread across Malfoys pale face. 

Dont tell me you dont know? he said delightedly. 
Youve got a father and brother at the Ministry and 

  187 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




you dont even know ? My God, my father told me 
about it ages ago ... heard it from Cornelius Fudge. 
But then, Fathers always associated with the top 
people at the Ministry. . . . Maybe your fathers too 
junior to know about it, Weasley ... yes ... they 
probably dont talk about important stuff in front of 
him. ... 

Laughing once more, Malfoy beckoned to Crabbe and 
Goyle, and the three of them disappeared. 

Ron got to his feet and slammed the sliding 
compartment door so hard behind them that the glass 
shattered. 

Ronl said Hermione reproachfully, and she pulled 
out her wand, muttered  ReparoV  and the glass 
shards flew back into a single pane and back into the 
door. 

Well ... making it look like he knows everything and 
we dont. ... Ron snarled.  Fathers always 
associated with the top people at the Ministry.... Dad 
couldve got a promotion any time ... he just likes it 
where he is. ... 

Of course he does, said Hermione quietly. Dont let 
Malfoy get to you, Ron   

Him! Get to me!? As if! said Ron, picking up one of 
the remaining Cauldron Cakes and squashing it into 
a pulp. 

Rons bad mood continued for the rest of the journey. 
He didnt talk much as they changed into their school 
robes, and was still glowering when the Hogwarts 
Express slowed down at last and finally stopped in 
the pitchdarkness of Hogsmeade station. 



  188 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




As the train doors opened, there was a rumble of 
thunder overhead. Hermione bundled up 
Crookshanks in her cloak and Ron left his dress 
robes over Pigwidgeon as they left the train, heads 
bent and eyes narrowed against the downpour. The 
rain was now coming down so thick and fast that it 
was as though buckets of icecold water were being 
emptied repeatedly over their heads. 

Hi, Hagrid! Harry yelled, seeing a gigantic silhouette 
at the far end of the platform. 

All righ, Harry? Hagrid bellowed back, waving. See 
yeh at the feast if we don drown! 

First years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by 
sailing across the lake with Hagrid. 

Oooh, I wouldnt fancy crossing the lake in this 
weather, said Hermione fervently, shivering as they 
inched slowly along the dark platform with the rest of 
the crowd. A hundred horseless carriages stood 
waiting for them outside the station. Harry, Ron, 
Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of 
them, the door shut with a snap, and a few moments 
later, with a great lurch, the long procession of 
carriages was rumbling and splashing its way up the 
track toward Hogwarts Castle. 



  189 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT 

Through the gates, flanked with statues of winged 
boars, and up the sweeping drive the carriages 
trundled, swaying dangerously in what was fast 
becoming a gale. Leaning against the window, Harry 
could see Hogwarts coming nearer, its many lighted 
windows blurred and shimmering behind the thick 
curtain of rain. Lightning flashed across the sky as 
their carriage came to a halt before the great oak front 
doors, which stood at the top of a flight of stone steps. 
People who had occupied the carriages in front were 
already hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville jumped down from 
their carriage and dashed up the steps too, looking up 
only when they were safely inside the cavernous, 
torchlit entrance hall, with its magnificent marble 
staircase. 

Blimey, said Ron, shaking his head and sending 
water everywhere, if that keeps up the lakes going to 
overflow. Im soak  ARRGH! 



  190 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



A large, red, waterfilled balloon had dropped from 
out of the ceiling onto Rons head and exploded. 
Drenched and sputtering, Ron staggered sideways 
into Harry, just as a second water bomb dropped  
narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at Harrys feet, 
sending a wave of cold water over his sneakers into 
his socks. People all around them shrieked and 
started pushing one another in their efforts to get out 
of the line of fire. Harry looked up and saw, floating 
twenty feet above them, Peeves the Poltergeist, a little 
man in a bellcovered hat and orange bow tie, his 
wide, malicious face contorted with concentration as 
he took aim again. 

PEEVES! yelled an angry voice. Peeves, come down 
here at ONCE! 

Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and 
head of Gryffindor House, had come dashing out of 
the Great Hall; she skidded on the wet floor and 
grabbed Hermione around the neck to stop herself 
from falling. 

Ouch  sorry, Miss Granger   

Thats all right, Professor! Hermione gasped, 
massaging her throat. 

Peeves, get down here NOW! barked Professor 
McGonagall, straightening her pointed hat and 
glaring upward through her squarerimmed 
spectacles. 

Not doing nothing! cackled Peeves, lobbing a water 
bomb at several fifthyear girls, who screamed and 
dived into the Great Hall. Already wet, arent they? 
Little squirts! Wheeeeeeeeee! And he aimed another 
bomb at a group of second years who had just 
arrived. 

  191 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I shall call the headmaster! shouted Professor 
McGonagall. Im warning you, Peeves   

Peeves stuck out his tongue, threw the last of his 
water bombs into the air, and zoomed off up the 
marble staircase, cackling insanely. 

Well, move along, then! said Professor McGonagall 
sharply to the bedraggled crowd. Into the Great Hall, 
come on! 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione slipped and slid across the 
entrance hall and through the double doors on the 
right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he 
pushed his sopping hair off his face. 

The Great Hall looked its usual splendid self, 
decorated for the startofterm feast. Golden plates 
and goblets gleamed by the light of hundreds and 
hundreds of candles, floating over the tables in 
midair. The four long House tables were packed with 
chattering students; at the top of the Hall, the staff 
sat along one side of a fifth table, facing their pupils. 

It was much warmer in here. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione walked past the Slytherins, the 
Ravenclaws, and the Hufflepuffs, and sat down with 
the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Hall, 
next to Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost. 
Pearly white and semitransparent, Nick was dressed 
tonight in his usual doublet, but with a particularly 
large ruff, which served the dual purpose of looking 
extrafestive, and insuring that his head didnt wobble 
too much on his partially severed neck. 

Good evening, he said, beaming at them. 

Says who? said Harry, taking off his sneakers and 
emptying them of water. Hope they hurry up with the 
Sorting. Im starving. 

  192 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The Sorting of the new students into Houses took 
place at the start of every school year, but by an 
unlucky combination of circumstances, Harry hadnt 
been present at one since his own. He was quite 
looking forward to it. Just then, a highly excited, 
breathless voice called down the table. 

Hiya, Harry! 

It was Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry was 
something of a hero. 

Hi, Colin, said Harry warily. 

Harry, guess what? Guess what, Harry? My brothers 
starting! My brother Dennis! 

Er  good, said Harry. 

Hes really excited! said Colin, practically bouncing 
up and down in his seat. I just hope hes in 
Gryffindor! Keep your fingers crossed, eh, Harry? 

Er  yeah, all right, said Harry. He turned back to 
Hermione, Ron, and Nearly Headless Nick. Brothers 
and sisters usually go in the same Houses, dont 
they? he said. He was judging by the Weasleys, all 
seven of whom had been put into Gryffindor. 

Oh no, not necessarily, said Hermione. Parvati 
Patils twins in Ravenclaw, and theyre identical. 
Youd think theyd be together, wouldnt you? 

Harry looked up at the staff table. There seemed to be 
rather more empty seats there than usual. Hagrid, of 
course, was still fighting his way across the lake with 
the first years; Professor McGonagall was presumably 
supervising the drying of the entrance hall floor, but 



  193 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




there was another empty chair too, and Harry 
couldnt think who else was missing. 

Wheres the new Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher? said Hermione, who was also looking up at 
the teachers. 

They had never yet had a Defense Against the Dark 
Arts teacher who had lasted more than three terms. 
Harrys favorite by far had been Professor Lupin, who 
had resigned last year. He looked up and down the 
staff table. There was definitely no new face there. 

Maybe they couldnt get anyone! said Hermione, 
looking anxious. 

Harry scanned the table more carefully. Tiny little 
Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was sitting on 
a large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the 
Herbology teacher, whose hat was askew over her 
flyaway gray hair. She was talking to Professor 
Sinistra of the Astronomy department. On Professor 
Sinistra s other side was the sallowfaced, hook 
nosed, greasyhaired Potions master, Snape  

Harrys least favorite person at Hogwarts. Harrys 
loathing of Snape was matched only by Snape s 
hatred of him, a hatred which had, if possible, 
intensified last year, when Harry had helped Sirius 
escape right under Snape s overlarge nose  Snape 
and Sirius had been enemies since their own school 
days. 

On Snape s other side was an empty seat, which 
Harry guessed was Professor McGonagalls. Next to it, 
and in the very center of the table, sat Professor 
Dumbledore, the headmaster, his sweeping silver hair 
and beard shining in the candlelight, his magnificent 
deep green robes embroidered with many stars and 
moons. The tips of Dumbledore s long, thin fingers 
  194 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




were together and he was resting his chin upon them, 
staring up at the ceiling through his halfmoon 
spectacles as though lost in thought. Harry glanced 
up at the ceiling too. It was enchanted to look like the 
sky outside, and he had never seen it look this 
stormy. Black and purple clouds were swirling across 
it, and as another thunderclap sounded outside, a 
fork of lightning flashed across it. 

Oh hurry up, Ron moaned, beside Harry, I could 
eat a hippogriff. 

The words were no sooner out of his mouth than the 
doors of the Great Hall opened and silence fell. 
Professor McGonagall was leading a long line of first 
years up to the top of the Hall. If Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione were wet, it was nothing to how these first 
years looked. They appeared to have swum across the 
lake rather than sailed. All of them were shivering 
with a combination of cold and nerves as they filed 
along the staff table and came to a halt in a line 
facing the rest of the school  all of them except the 
smallest of the lot, a boy with mousy hair, who was 
wrapped in what Harry recognized as Hagrids 
moleskin overcoat. The coat was so big for him that it 
looked as though he were draped in a furry black 
circus tent. His small face protruded from over the 
collar, looking almost painfully excited. When he had 
lined up with his terrifiedlooking peers, he caught 
Colin Creeveys eye, gave a double thumbsup, and 
mouthed, I fell in the lake\ He looked positively 
delighted about it. 

Professor McGonagall now placed a threelegged stool 
on the ground before the first years and, on top of it, 
an extremely old, dirty, patched wizards hat. The first 
years stared at it. So did everyone else. For a 
moment, there was silence. Then a long tear near the 



  195 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke 
into song: 

A thousand years or more ago, 

When I was newly sewn, 

There lived four wizards of renown, 

Whose names are still well known: 

Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, 

Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, 

Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, 

Shrewd Slytherin, from fen. 

They shared a wish, a hope, a dream, 

They hatched a daring plan 
To educate young sorcerers 
Thus Hogwarts School began. 

Now each of these four founders 
Formed their own house, for each 
Did value different virtues 
In the ones they had to teach. 

By Gryffindor, the bravest were 
Prized far beyond the rest; 

For Ravenclaw, the cleverest 
Would always be the best; 

For Hufflepuff, hard workers were 
Most worthy of admission; 

And powerhungry Slytherin 
Loved those of great ambition. 

While still alive they did divide 
Their favorites from the throng, 

Yet how to pick the worthy ones 
When they were dead and gone? 

Twas Gryffindor who found the way, 

He whipped me off his head 

The founders put some brains in me 

So I could choose instead! 

Now slip me snug about your ears, 

Ive never yet been wrong, 

111 have a look inside your mind 
And tell where you belong! 

  196 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The Great Hall rang with applause as the Sorting Hat 
finished. 



Thats not the song it sang when it Sorted us, said 
Harry, clapping along with everyone else. 

Sings a different one every year, said Ron. Its got 
to be a pretty boring life, hasnt it, being a hat? I 
suppose it spends all year making up the next one. 

Professor McGonagall was now unrolling a large scroll 
of parchment. 

When I call out your name, you will put on the hat 
and sit on the stool, she told the first years. When 
the hat announces your House, you will go and sit at 
the appropriate table. 

Ackerley, Stewart! 

A boy walked forward, visibly trembling from head to 
foot, picked up the Sorting Hat, put it on, and sat 
down on the stool. 

RAVENCLAW! shouted the hat. 

Stewart Ackerley took off the hat and hurried into a 
seat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was 
applauding him. Harry caught a glimpse of Cho, the 
Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as he 
sat down. For a fleeting second, Harry had a strange 
desire to join the Ravenclaw table too. 

Baddock, Malcolm! 

SLYTHERIN! 

The table on the other side of the hall erupted with 
cheers; Harry could see Malfoy clapping as Baddock 

  197 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




joined the Slytherins. Harry wondered whether 
Baddock knew that Slytherin House had turned out 
more Dark witches and wizards than any other. Fred 
and George hissed Malcolm Baddock as he sat down. 

Branstone, Eleanor! 

HUFFLEPUFF! 

Cauldwell, Owen! 

HUFFLEPUFF! 

Creevey, Dennis! 

Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over 
Hagrid s moleskin, just as Hagrid himself sidled into 
the Hall through a door behind the teachers table. 
About twice as tall as a normal man, and at least 
three times as broad, Hagrid, with his long, wild, 
tangled black hair and beard, looked slightly alarming 
 a misleading impression, for Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione knew Hagrid to possess a very kind nature. 
He winked at them as he sat down at the end of the 
staff table and watched Dennis Creevey putting on 
the Sorting Hat. The rip at the brim opened wide  

GRYFFINDOR! the hat shouted. 

Hagrid clapped along with the Gryffindors as Dennis 
Creevey, beaming widely, took off the hat, placed it 
back on the stool, and hurried over to join his 
brother. 

Colin, I fell in! he said shrilly, throwing himself into 
an empty seat. It was brilliant! And something in the 
water grabbed me and pushed me back in the boat! 



  198 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Cool! said Colin, just as excitedly. It was probably 
the giant squid, Dennis! 

Wow\ said Dennis, as though nobody in their 
wildest dreams could hope for more than being 
thrown into a stormtossed, fathomsdeep lake, and 
pushed out of it again by a giant sea monster. 

Dennis! Dennis! See that boy down there? The one 
with the black hair and glasses? See him? Know who 
he is, Dennis ? 

Harry looked away, staring very hard at the Sorting 
Hat, now Sorting Emma Dobbs. 

The Sorting continued; boys and girls with varying 
degrees of fright on their faces moving one by one to 
the threelegged stool, the line dwindling slowly as 
Professor McGonagall passed the Ls. 

Oh hurry up, Ron moaned, massaging his stomach. 

Now, Ron, the Sortings much more important than 
food, said Nearly Headless Nick as Madley, Laura! 
became a Hufflepuff. 

 Course it is, if youre dead, snapped Ron. 

I do hope this years batch of Gryffindors are up to 
scratch, said Nearly Headless Nick, applauding as 
McDonald, Natalie! joined the Gryffindor table. We 
dont want to break our winning streak, do we? 

Gryffindor had won the InterHouse Championship 
for the last three years in a row. 

Pritchard, Graham! 

SLYTHERIN! 

  199 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Quirke, Orla! 



RAVENCLAW! 

And finally, with Whitby, Kevin! (HUFFLEPUFF!), 
the Sorting ended. Professor McGonagall picked up 
the hat and the stool and carried them away. 

About time, said Ron, seizing his knife and fork and 
looking expectantly at his golden plate. 

Professor Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was 
smiling around at the students, his arms opened wide 
in welcome. 

I have only two words to say to you, he told them, 
his deep voice echoing around the Hall.  Tuck in. 

Hear, hear! said Harry and Ron loudly as the empty 
dishes filled magically before their eyes. 

Nearly Headless Nick watched mournfully as Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione loaded their own plates. 

Aaah, ats beer, said Ron, with his mouth full of 
mashed potato. 

Youre lucky theres a feast at all tonight, you know, 
said Nearly Headless Nick. There was trouble in the 
kitchens earlier. 

Why? Wha appened? said Harry, through a sizable 
chunk of steak. 

Peeves, of course, said Nearly Headless Nick, 
shaking his head, which wobbled dangerously. He 
pulled his ruff a little higher up on his neck. The 
usual argument, you know. He wanted to attend the 
feast  well, its quite out of the question, you know 
  200 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




what hes like, utterly uncivilized, cant see a plate of 
food without throwing it. We held a ghosts council  
the Fat Friar was all for giving him the chance  but 
most wisely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put his 
foot down. 

The Bloody Baron was the Slytherin ghost, a gaunt 
and silent specter covered in silver bloodstains. He 
was the only person at Hogwarts who could really 
control Peeves. 

Yeah, we thought Peeves seemed hacked off about 
something, said Ron darkly. So what did he do in 
the kitchens? 

Oh the usual, said Nearly Headless Nick, shrugging. 
Wreaked havoc and mayhem. Pots and pans 
everywhere. Place swimming in soup. Terrified the 
houseelves out of their wits   

Clang. 

Hermione had knocked over her golden goblet. 
Pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth, 
staining several feet of white linen orange, but 
Hermione paid no attention. 

There are houseelves here? she said, staring, 
horrorstruck, at Nearly Headless Nick. Here at 
Hogwarts ? 

Certainly, said Nearly Headless Nick, looking 
surprised at her reaction. The largest number in any 
dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred. 

Ive never seen one! said Hermione. 

Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do 
they? said Nearly Headless Nick. They come out at 

  201 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




night to do a bit of cleaning . . . see to the fires and so 
on. ... I mean, youre not supposed to see them, are 
you? Thats the mark of a good houseelf, isnt it, that 
you dont know its there? 

Hermione stared at him. 

But they get paid? she said. They get holidays, 
dont they? And  and sick leave, and pensions, and 
everything? 

Nearly Headless Nick chortled so much that his ruff 
slipped and his head flopped off, dangling on the inch 
or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached it 
to his neck. 

Sick leave and pensions? he said, pushing his head 
back onto his shoulders and securing it once more 
with his ruff. Houseelves dont want sick leave and 
pensions! 

Hermione looked down at her hardly touched plate of 
food, then put her knife and fork down upon it and 
pushed it away from her. 

Oh cmon, Ermyknee, said Ron, accidentally 
spraying Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding. Oops 
 sorry, Arry   He swallowed. You wont get them 
sick leave by starving yourself! 

Slave labor, said Hermione, breathing hard through 
her nose. Thats what made this dinner. Slave labor. 

And she refused to eat another bite. 

The rain was still drumming heavily against the high, 
dark glass. Another clap of thunder shook the 
windows, and the stormy ceiling flashed, illuminating 



  202 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the golden plates as the remains of the first course 
vanished and were replaced, instantly, with puddings. 

Treacle tart, Hermione! said Ron, deliberately 
wafting its smell toward her. Spotted dick, look! 
Chocolate gateau! 

But Hermione gave him a look so reminiscent of 
Professor McGonagall that he gave up. 

When the puddings too had been demolished, and the 
last crumbs had faded off the plates, leaving them 
sparkling clean, Albus Dumbledore got to his feet 
again. The buzz of chatter filling the Hall ceased 
almost at once, so that only the howling wind and 
pounding rain could be heard. 

So! said Dumbledore, smiling around at them all. 
Now that we are all fed and watered, (Hmph! said 
Hermione) I must once more ask for your attention, 
while I give out a few notices. 

Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you 
that the list of objects forbidden inside the castle has 
this year been extended to include Screaming Yoyos, 
Fanged Frisbees, and EverBashing Boomerangs. The 
full list comprises some four hundred and thirty 
seven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. 

Filch s office, if anybody would like to check it. 

The corners of Dumbledore s mouth twitched. He 
continued, As ever, I would like to remind you all 
that the forest on the grounds is outofbounds to 
students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below 
third year. 

It is also my painful duty to inform you that the 
InterHouse Quidditch Cup will not take place this 
year. 

  203 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What? Harry gasped. He looked around at Fred and 
George, his fellow members of the Quidditch team. 
They were mouthing soundlessly at Dumbledore, 
apparently too appalled to speak. Dumbledore went 
on, This is due to an event that will be starting in 
October, and continuing throughout the school year, 
taking up much of the teachers time and energy  
but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. I have 
great pleasure in announcing that this year at 
Hogwarts   

But at that moment, there was a deafening rumble of 
thunder and the doors of the Great Hall banged open. 

A man stood in the doorway, leaning upon a long 
staff, shrouded in a black traveling cloak. Every head 
in the Great Hall swiveled toward the stranger, 
suddenly brightly illuminated by a fork of lightning 
that flashed across the ceiling. He lowered his hood, 
shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark gray hair, 
then began to walk up toward the teachers table. 

A dull clunk echoed through the Hall on his every 
other step. He reached the end of the top table, 
turned right, and limped heavily toward Dumbledore. 
Another flash of lightning crossed the ceiling. 
Hermione gasped. 

The lightning had thrown the mans face into sharp 
relief, and it was a face unlike any Harry had ever 
seen. It looked as though it had been carved out of 
weathered wood by someone who had only the 
vaguest idea of what human faces are supposed to 
look like, and was none too skilled with a chisel. 
Every inch of skin seemed to be scarred. The mouth 
looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of the 
nose was missing. But it was the mans eyes that 
made him frightening. 



  204 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




One of them was small, dark, and beady. The other 
was large, round as a coin, and a vivid, electric blue. 
The blue eye was moving ceaselessly, without 
blinking, and was rolling up, down, and from side to 
side, quite independently of the normal eye  and 
then it rolled right over, pointing into the back of the 
mans head, so that all they could see was whiteness. 

The stranger reached Dumbledore. He stretched out a 
hand that was as badly scarred as his face, and 
Dumbledore shook it, muttering words Harry couldnt 
hear. He seemed to be making some inquiry of the 
stranger, who shook his head unsmilingly and replied 
in an undertone. Dumbledore nodded and gestured 
the man to the empty seat on his righthand side. 

The stranger sat down, shook his mane of dark gray 
hair out of his face, pulled a plate of sausages toward 
him, raised it to what was left of his nose, and sniffed 
it. He then took a small knife out of his pocket, 
speared a sausage on the end of it, and began to eat. 
His normal eye was fixed upon the sausages, but the 
blue eye was still darting restlessly around in its 
socket, taking in the Hall and the students. 

May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark 
Arts teacher? said Dumbledore brightly into the 
silence. Professor Moody. 

It was usual for new staff members to be greeted with 
applause, but none of the staff or students clapped 
except Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both put their 
hands together and applauded, but the sound echoed 
dismally into the silence, and they stopped fairly 
quickly. Everyone else seemed too transfixed by 
Moodys bizarre appearance to do more than stare at 
him. 



  205 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moody? Harry muttered to Ron. MacLEye Moody? 
The one your dad went to help this morning? 

Must be, said Ron in a low, awed voice. 

What happened to him? Hermione whispered. What 
happened to his face? 

Dunno, Ron whispered back, watching Moody with 
fascination. 

Moody seemed totally indifferent to his lessthan 
warm welcome. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in 
front of him, he reached again into his traveling cloak, 
pulled out a hip flask, and took a long draught from 
it. As he lifted his arm to drink, his cloak was pulled a 
few inches from the ground, and Harry saw, below the 
table, several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a 
clawed foot. 

Dumbledore cleared his throat. 

As I was saying, he said, smiling at the sea of 
students before him, all of whom were still gazing 
transfixed at MadEye Moody, we are to have the 
honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming 
months, an event that has not been held for over a 
century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you 
that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at 
Hogwarts this year. 

Youre JOKING! said Fred Weasley loudly. 

The tension that had filled the Hall ever since Moodys 
arrival suddenly broke. Nearly everyone laughed, and 
Dumbledore chuckled appreciatively. 

I am not joking, Mr. Weasley, he said, though now 
that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over 

  206 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun 
who all go into a bar ... 

Professor McGonagall cleared her throat loudly. 

Er  but maybe this is not the time ... no ... said 
Dumbledore, where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard 
Tournament ... well, some of you will not know what 
this tournament involves, so I hope those who do 
know will forgive me for giving a short explanation, 
and allow their attention to wander freely. 

The Triwizard Tournament was first established 
some seven hundred years ago as a friendly 
competition between the three largest European 
schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and 
Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent 
each school, and the three champions competed in 
three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to 
host the tournament once every five years, and it was 
generally agreed to be a most excellent way of 
establishing ties between young witches and wizards 
of different nationalities  until, that is, the death toll 
mounted so high that the tournament was 
discontinued. 

 Death toll? Hermione whispered, looking alarmed. 
But her anxiety did not seem to be shared by the 
majority of students in the Hall; many of them were 
whispering excitedly to one another, and Harry 
himself was far more interested in hearing about the 
tournament than in worrying about deaths that had 
happened hundreds of years ago. 

There have been several attempts over the centuries 
to reinstate the tournament, Dumbledore continued, 
none of which has been very successful. However, 
our own departments of International Magical 
Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have 
  207 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




decided the time is ripe for another attempt. We have 
worked hard over the summer to ensure that this 
time, no champion will find himself or herself in 
mortal danger. 

The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be 
arriving with their shortlisted contenders in October, 
and the selection of the three champions will take 
place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide 
which students are most worthy to compete for the 
Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a 
thousand Galleons personal prize money. 

Im going for it! Fred Weasley hissed down the table, 
his face lit with enthusiasm at the prospect of such 
glory and riches. He was not the only person who 
seemed to be visualizing himself as the Hogwarts 
champion. At every House table, Harry could see 
people either gazing raptly at Dumbledore, or else 
whispering fervently to their neighbors. But then 
Dumbledore spoke again, and the Hall quieted once 
more. 

Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the 
Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts, he said, the heads of the 
participating schools, along with the Ministry of 
Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on 
contenders this year. Only students who are of age  
that is to say, seventeen years or older  will be 
allowed to put forward their names for consideration. 
This  Dumbledore raised his voice slightly, for 
several people had made noises of outrage at these 
words, and the Weasley twins were suddenly looking 
furious  is a measure we feel is necessary, given 
that the tournament tasks will still be difficult and 
dangerous, whatever precautions we take, and it is 
highly unlikely that students below sixth and seventh 
year will be able to cope with them. I will personally 
be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinks our 
  208 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




impartial judge into making them Hogwarts 
champion. His light blue eyes twinkled as they 
flickered over Freds and Georges mutinous faces. I 
therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting 
yourself if you are under seventeen. 

The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang 
will be arriving in October and remaining with us for 
the greater part of this year. I know that you will all 
extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they 
are with us, and will give your wholehearted support 
to the Hogwarts champion when he or she is selected. 
And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to 
you all to be alert and rested as you enter your 
lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop! 

Dumbledore sat down again and turned to talk to 
MadEye Moody. There was a great scraping and 
banging as all the students got to their feet and 
swarmed toward the double doors into the entrance 
hall. 

They cant do that! said George Weasley, who had 
not joined the crowd moving toward the door, but was 
standing up and glaring at Dumbledore. Were 
seventeen in April, why cant we have a shot? 

Theyre not stopping me entering, said Fred 
stubbornly, also scowling at the top table. The 
championsll get to do all sorts of stuff youd never be 
allowed to do normally. And a thousand Galleons 
prize money! 

Yeah, said Ron, a faraway look on his face. Yeah, a 
thousand Galleons ... 

Come on, said Hermione, well be the only ones left 
here if you dont move. 



  209 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for 
the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the ways 
in which Dumbledore might stop those who were 
under seventeen from entering the tournament. 

Whos this impartial judge whos going to decide who 
the champions are? said Harry. 

Dunno, said Fred, but its them well have to fool. I 
reckon a couple of drops of Aging Potion might do it, 
George. ... 

Dumbledore knows youre not of age, though, said 
Ron. 

Yeah, but hes not the one who decides who the 
champion is, is he? said Fred shrewdly. Sounds to 
me like once this judge knows who wants to enter, 
hell choose the best from each school and never mind 
how old they are. Dumbledore s trying to stop us 
giving our names. 

People have died, though! said Hermione in a 
worried voice as they walked through a door 
concealed behind a tapestry and started up another, 
narrower staircase. 

Yeah, said Fred airily, but that was years ago, 
wasnt it? Anyway, wheres the fun without a bit of 
risk? Hey, Ron, what if we find out how to get round 
Dumbledore? Fancy entering? 

What dyou reckon? Ron asked Harry. Be cool to 
enter, wouldnt it? But I spose they might want 
someone older. ... Dunno if weve learned enough. ... 

I definitely havent, came Nevilles gloomy voice from 
behind Fred and George. 



  210 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I expect my grand want me to try, though. Shes 
always going on about how I should be upholding the 
family honor. Ill just have to  oops. ... 

Nevilles foot had sunk right through a step halfway 
up the staircase. There were many of these trick 
stairs at Hogwarts; it was second nature to most of 
the older students to jump this particular step, but 
Nevilles memory was notoriously poor. Harry and 
Ron seized him under the armpits and pulled him 
out, while a suit of armor at the top of the stairs 
creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily. 

Shut it, you, said Ron, banging down its visor as 
they passed. 

They made their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor 
Tower, which was concealed behind a large portrait of 
a fat lady in a pink silk dress. 

Password? she said as they approached. 

Balderdash, said George, a prefect downstairs told 
me. 

The portrait swung forward to reveal a hole in the wall 
through which they all climbed. A crackling fire 
warmed the circular common room, which was full of 
squashy armchairs and tables. Hermione cast the 
merrily dancing flames a dark look, and Harry 
distinctly heard her mutter  Slave labor, before 
bidding them good night and disappearing through 
the doorway to the girls dormitory. 

Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the last, spiral 
staircase until they reached their own dormitory, 
which was situated at the top of the tower. Five four 
poster beds with deep crimson hangings stood against 
the walls, each with its owners trunk at the foot. 

  211 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Dean and Seamus were already getting into bed; 
Seamus had pinned his Ireland rosette to his 
headboard, and Dean had tacked up a poster of 
Viktor Krum over his bedside table. His old poster of 
the West Ham football team was pinned right next to 
it. 

Mental, Ron sighed, shaking his head at the 
completely stationary soccer players. 

Harry, Ron, and Neville got into their pajamas and 
into bed. Someone  a houseelf, no doubt  had 
placed warming pans between the sheets. It was 
extremely comfortable, lying there in bed and 
listening to the storm raging outside. 

I might go in for it, you know, Ron said sleepily 
through the darkness, if Fred and George find out 
how to ... the tournament ... you never know, do 
you? 

Spose not. ... 

Harry rolled over in bed, a series of dazzling new 
pictures forming in his minds eye. ... He had 
hoodwinked the impartial judge into believing he was 
seventeen ... he had become Hogwarts champion ... 
he was standing on the grounds, his arms raised in 
triumph in front of the whole school, all of whom were 
applauding and screaming ... he had just won the 
Triwizard Tournament. ... Chos face stood out 
particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, her face 
glowing with admiration. ... 

Harry grinned into his pillow, exceptionally glad that 
Ron couldnt see what he could. 



  212 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






MADEYE MOODY 

The storm had blown itself out by the following 
morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall was still 
gloomy; heavy clouds of pewter gray swirled overhead 
as Harry, Ron, and Hermione examined their new 
course schedules at breakfast. A few seats along, 

Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were discussing 
magical methods of aging themselves and bluffing 
their way into the Triwizard Tournament. 

Todays not bad ... outside all morning, said Ron, 
who was running his finger down the Monday column 
of his schedule. Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and 
Care of Magical Creatures ... damn it, were still with 
the Slytherins. ... 

Double Divination this afternoon, Harry groaned, 
looking down. Divination was his least favorite 
subject, apart from Potions. Professor Trelawney kept 
predicting Harrys death, which he found extremely 
annoying. 



  213 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



You should have given it up like me, shouldnt you? 
said Hermione briskly, buttering herself some toast. 
Then youd be doing something sensible like 
Arithmancy. 

Youre eating again, I notice, said Ron, watching 
Hermione adding liberal amounts of jam to her toast 
too. 

Ive decided there are better ways of making a stand 
about elf rights, said Hermione haughtily. 

Yeah ... and you were hungry, said Ron, grinning. 

There was a sudden rustling noise above them, and a 
hundred owls came soaring through the open 
windows carrying the morning mail. Instinctively, 
Harry looked up, but there was no sign of white 
among the mass of brown and gray. The owls circled 
the tables, looking for the people to whom their letters 
and packages were addressed. A large tawny owl 
soared down to Neville Longbottom and deposited a 
parcel into his lap  Neville almost always forgot to 
pack something. On the other side of the Hall Draco 
Malfoys eagle owl had landed on his shoulder, 
carrying what looked like his usual supply of sweets 
and cakes from home. Trying to ignore the sinking 
feeling of disappointment in his stomach, Harry 
returned to his porridge. Was it possible that 
something had happened to Hedwig, and that Sirius 
hadnt even got his letter? 

His preoccupation lasted all the way across the 
sodden vegetable patch until they arrived in 
greenhouse three, but here he was distracted by 
Professor Sprout showing the class the ugliest plants 
Harry had ever seen. Indeed, they looked less like 
plants than thick, black, giant slugs, protruding 
vertically out of the soil. Each was squirming slightly 
  214 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




and had a number of large, shiny swellings upon it, 
which appeared to be full of liquid. 

Bubotubers, Professor Sprout told them briskly. 
They need squeezing. You will collect the pus   

The what? said Seamus Finnigan, sounding 
revolted. 

Pus, Finnigan, pus, said Professor Sprout, and its 
extremely valuable, so dont waste it. You will collect 
the pus, I say, in these bottles. Wear your dragon 
hide gloves; it can do funny things to the skin when 
undiluted, bubotuber pus. 

Squeezing the bubotubers was disgusting, but oddly 
satisfying. As each swelling was popped, a large 
amount of thick yellowishgreen liquid burst forth, 
which smelled strongly of petrol. They caught it in the 
bottles as Professor Sprout had indicated, and by the 
end of the lesson had collected several pints. 

Thisll keep Madam Pomfrey happy, said Professor 
Sprout, stoppering the last bottle with a cork. An 
excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne, 
bubotuber pus. Should stop students resorting to 
desperate measures to rid themselves of pimples. 

Like poor Eloise Midgen, said Hannah Abbott, a 
Hufflepuff, in a hushed voice. She tried to curse hers 
off. 

Silly girl, said Professor Sprout, shaking her head. 
But Madam Pomfrey fixed her nose back on in the 
end. 

A booming bell echoed from the castle across the wet 
grounds, signaling the end of the lesson, and the 
class separated; the Hufflepuffs climbing the stone 

  215 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




steps for Transfiguration, and the Gryffindors heading 
in the other direction, down the sloping lawn toward 
Hagrid s small wooden cabin, which stood on the edge 
of the Forbidden Forest. 

Hagrid was standing outside his hut, one hand on the 
collar of his enormous black boarhound, Fang. There 
were several open wooden crates on the ground at his 
feet, and Fang was whimpering and straining at his 
collar, apparently keen to investigate the contents 
more closely. As they drew nearer, an odd rattling 
noise reached their ears, punctuated by what 
sounded like minor explosions. 

Mornin! Hagrid said, grinning at Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione. Beer wait fer the Slytherins, they won 
want ter miss this  BlastEnded Skrewts! 

Come again? said Ron. 

Hagrid pointed down into the crates. 

Eurgh! squealed Lavender Brown, jumping 
backward. 

Eurgh just about summed up the BlastEnded 
Skrewts in Harrys opinion. They looked like 
deformed, shellless lobsters, horribly pale and slimy  
looking, with legs sticking out in very odd places and 
no visible heads. There were about a hundred of them 
in each crate, each about six inches long, crawling 
over one another, bumping blindly into the sides of 
the boxes. They were giving off a very powerful smell 
of rotting fish. Every now and then, sparks would fly 
out of the end of a skrewt, and with a small phut, it 
would be propelled forward several inches. 



  216 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ony jus hatched, said Hagrid proudly, so yehll be 
able ter raise em yerselves! Thought wed make a bit 
of a project of it! 

And why would we want to raise them? said a cold 
voice. 

The Slytherins had arrived. The speaker was Draco 
Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle were chuckling 
appreciatively at his words. 

Hagrid looked stumped at the question. 

I mean, what do they do? asked Malfoy. What is the 
point of them? 

Hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking hard; 
there was a few seconds pause, then he said roughly, 
Thas next lesson, Malfoy. Yer jus feedin em today. 
Now, yehll wan ter try em on a few diffrent things  
Ive never had em before, not sure what theyll go fer 

 I got ant eggs an frog livers an a bit o grass snake 

 just try em out with a bit of each. 

First pus and now this, muttered Seamus. 

Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have 
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up squelchy 
handfuls of frog liver and lower them into the crates 
to tempt the BlastEnded Skrewts. Harry couldnt 
suppress the suspicion that the whole thing was 
entirely pointless, because the skrewts didnt seem to 
have mouths. 

Ouch\ yelled Dean Thomas after about ten minutes. 
It got me! 

Hagrid hurried over to him, looking anxious. 



  217 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Its end exploded! said Dean angrily, showing Hagrid 
a burn on his hand. 

Ah, yeah, that can happen when they blast off, said 
Hagrid, nodding. 

Eurgh! said Lavender Brown again. Eurgh, Hagrid, 
whats that pointy thing on it? 

Ah, some of em have got stings, said Hagrid 
enthusiastically (Lavender quickly withdrew her hand 
from the box). I reckon theyre the males. ... The 
females Ve got sorta sucker things on their bellies. ... I 
think they might be ter suck blood. 

Well, I can certainly see why were trying to keep 
them alive, said Malfoy sarcastically. Who wouldnt 
want pets that can burn, sting, and bite all at once? 

Just because theyre not very pretty, it doesnt mean 
theyre not useful, Hermione snapped. Dragon 
bloods amazingly magical, but you wouldnt want a 
dragon for a pet, would you? 

Harry and Ron grinned at Hagrid, who gave them a 
furtive smile from behind his bushy beard. Hagrid 
would have liked nothing better than a pet dragon, as 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew only too well  he 
had owned one for a brief period during their first 
year, a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of 
Norbert. Hagrid simply loved monstrous creatures, 
the more lethal, the better. 

Well, at least the skrewts are small, said Ron as 
they made their way back up to the castle for lunch 
an hour later. 



  218 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They are now, said Hermione in an exasperated 
voice, but once Hagrids found out what they eat, I 
expect theyll be six feet long. 

Well, that wont matter if they turn out to cure 
seasickness or something, will it? said Ron, grinning 
slyly at her. 

You know perfectly well I only said that to shut 
Malfoy up, said Hermione. As a matter of fact I 
think hes right. The best thing to do would be to 
stamp on the lot of them before they start attacking 
us all. 

They sat down at the Gryffindor table and helped 
themselves to lamb chops and potatoes. Hermione 
began to eat so fast that Harry and Ron stared at her. 

Er  is this the new stand on elf rights? said Ron. 
Youre going to make yourself puke instead? 

No, said Hermione, with as much dignity as she 
could muster with her mouth bulging with sprouts. I 
just want to get to the library. 

What? said Ron in disbelief. Hermione  its the 
first day back! We havent even got homework yet! 

Hermione shrugged and continued to shovel down her 
food as though she had not eaten for days. Then she 
leapt to her feet, said, See you at dinner! and 
departed at high speed. 

When the bell rang to signal the start of afternoon 
lessons, Harry and Ron set off for North Tower where, 
at the top of a tightly spiraling staircase, a silver 
stepladder led to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling, 
and the room where Professor Trelawney lived. 



  219 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire 
met their nostrils as they emerged at the top of the 
stepladder. As ever, the curtains were all closed; the 
circular room was bathed in a dim reddish light cast 
by the many lamps, which were all draped with 
scarves and shawls. Harry and Ron walked through 
the mass of occupied chintz chairs and poufs that 
cluttered the room, and sat down at the same small 
circular table. 

Good day, said the misty voice of Professor 
Trelawney right behind Harry, making him jump. 

A very thin woman with enormous glasses that made 
her eyes appear far too large for her face, Professor 
Trelawney was peering down at Harry with the tragic 
expression she always wore whenever she saw him. 
The usual large amount of beads, chains, and bangles 
glittered upon her person in the firelight. 

You are preoccupied, my dear, she said mournfully 
to Harry. My inner eye sees past your brave face to 
the troubled soul within. And I regret to say that your 
worries are not baseless. I see difficult times ahead 
for you, alas ... most difficult ... I fear the thing you 
dread will indeed come to pass ... and perhaps sooner 
than you think. ... 

Her voice dropped almost to a whisper. Ron rolled his 
eyes at Harry, who looked stonily back. Professor 
Trelawney swept past them and seated herself in a 
large winged armchair before the fire, facing the class. 
Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply 
admired Professor Trelawney, were sitting on poufs 
very close to her. 

My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars, she 
said. The movements of the planets and the 
mysterious portents they reveal only to those who 

  220 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human 
destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays, 
which intermingle ... 

But Harrys thoughts had drifted. The perfumed fire 
always made him feel sleepy and dullwitted, and 
Professor Trelawneys rambling talks on fortune 
telling never held him exactly spellbound  though 
he couldnt help thinking about what she had just 
said to him.  I fear the thing you dread will indeed 
come to pass . . .   

But Hermione was right, Harry thought irritably, 
Professor Trelawney really was an old fraud. He 
wasnt dreading anything at the moment at all ... well, 
unless you counted his fears that Sirius had been 
caught ... but what did Professor Trelawney know? He 
had long since come to the conclusion that her brand 
of fortunetelling was really no more than lucky 
guesswork and a spooky manner. 

Except, of course, for that time at the end of last 
term, when she had made the prediction about 
Voldemort rising again . . . and Dumbledore himself 
had said that he thought that trance had been 
genuine, when Harry had described it to him. ... 

Harry\ Ron muttered. 

What? 

Harry looked around; the whole class was staring at 
him. He sat up straight; he had been almost dozing 
off, lost in the heat and his thoughts. 

I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born 
under the baleful influence of Saturn, said Professor 
Trelawney, a faint note of resentment in her voice at 



  221 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the fact that he had obviously not been hanging on 
her words. 

Born under  what, sorry? said Harry. 

Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn! said Professor 
Trelawney, sounding definitely irritated that he wasnt 
riveted by this news. I was saying that Saturn was 
surely in a position of power in the heavens at the 
moment of your birth. ... Your dark hair ... your mean 
stature ... tragic losses so young in life ... I think I am 
right in saying, my dear, that you were born in 
midwinter? 

No, said Harry, I was born in July. 

Ron hastily turned his laugh into a hacking cough. 

Half an hour later, each of them had been given a 
complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill 
in the position of the planets at their moment of birth. 
It was dull work, requiring much consultation of 
timetables and calculation of angles. 

Ive got two Neptunes here, said Harry after a while, 
frowning down at his piece of parchment, that cant 
be right, can it? 

Aaaaah, said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawneys 
mystical whisper, when two Neptunes appear in the 
sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being 
born, Harry ... 

Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, 
sniggered loudly, though not loudly enough to mask 
the excited squeals from Lavender Brown  Oh 
Professor, look! I think Ive got an unaspected planet! 
Oooh, which ones that, Professor? 



  222 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It is Uranus, my dear, said Professor Trelawney, 
peering down at the chart. 

Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender? said 
Ron. 

Most unfortunately, Professor Trelawney heard him, 
and it was this, perhaps, that made her give them so 
much homework at the end of the class. 

A detailed analysis of the way the planetary 
movements in the coming month will affect you, with 
reference to your personal chart, she snapped, 
sounding much more like Professor McGonagall than 
her usual airyfairy self. I want it ready to hand in 
next Monday, and no excuses! 

Miserable old bat, said Ron bitterly as they joined 
the crowds descending the staircases back to the 
Great Hall and dinner. Thatll take all weekend, that 
will. ... 

Lots of homework? said Hermione brightly, catching 
up with them. Professor Vector didnt give us any at 
all! 

Well, bully for Professor Vector, said Ron moodily. 

They reached the entrance hall, which was packed 
with people queuing for dinner. They had just joined 
the end of the line, when a loud voice rang out behind 
them. 

Weasley! Hey, Weasley! 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned. Malfoy, Crabbe, 
and Goyle were standing there, each looking 
thoroughly pleased about something. 



  223 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What? said Ron shortly. 



Your dads in the paper, Weasley! said Malfoy, 
brandishing a copy of the Daily Prophet and speaking 
very loudly, so that everyone in the packed entrance 
hall could hear. Listen to this! 

FURTHER MISTAKES AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC 

It seems as though the Ministry of Magics troubles are 
not yet at an end, writes Rita Skeeter, Special 
Correspondent. Recently under fire for its poor crowd 
control at the Quidditch World Cup, and still unable to 
account for the disappearance of one of its witches, the 
Ministry was plunged into fresh embarrassment 
yesterday by the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the 
Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office.  

Malfoy looked up. 

Imagine them not even getting his name right, 
Weasley. Its almost as though hes a complete 
nonentity, isnt it? he crowed. 

Everyone in the entrance hall was listening now. 
Malfoy straightened the paper with a flourish and 
read on: 

Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possession of 
a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in 
a tussle with several Muggle lawkeepers (policemen) 
over a number of highly aggressive dustbins. Mr. 
Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of Mad 
Eye Moody, the aged exAuror who retired from the 
Ministry when no longer able to tell the difference 
between a handshake and attempted murder. 
Unsurprisingly, Mr. Weasley found, upon arrival at Mr. 
Moody s heavily guarded house, that Mr. Moody had 
once again raised a false alarm. Mr. Weasley was 
  224 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




forced to modify several memories before he could 
escape from the policemen, but refused to answer 
Daily Prophet questions about why he had involved 
the Ministry in such an undignified and potentially 
embarrassing scene. 

And theres a picture, Weasley! said Malfoy, flipping 
the paper over and holding it up. A picture of your 
parents outside their house  if you can call it a 
house! Your mother could do with losing a bit of 
weight, couldnt she? 

Ron was shaking with fury. Everyone was staring at 
him. 

Get stuffed, Malfoy, said Harry. Cmon, Ron. ... 

Oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, 
werent you, Potter? sneered Malfoy. So tell me, is 
his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture? 

You know your mother, Malfoy? said Harry  both 
he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Rons 
robes to stop him from launching himself at Malfoy  
that expression shes got, like shes got dung under 
her nose? Has she always looked like that, or was it 
just because you were with her? 

Malfoys pale face went slightly pink. 

Dont you dare insult my mother, Potter. 

Keep your fat mouth shut, then, said Harry, turning 
away. 

BANG! 

Several people screamed  Harry felt something 
whitehot graze the side of his face  he plunged his 

  225 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




hand into his robes for his wand, but before hed even 
touched it, he heard a second loud BANG, and a roar 
that echoed through the entrance hall. 

OH NO YOU DONT, LADDIE! 

Harry spun around. Professor Moody was limping 
down the marble staircase. His wand was out and it 
was pointing right at a pure white ferret, which was 
shivering on the stoneflagged floor, exactly where 
Malfoy had been standing. 

There was a terrified silence in the entrance hall. 
Nobody but Moody was moving a muscle. Moody 
turned to look at Harry  at least, his normal eye was 
looking at Harry; the other one was pointing into the 
back of his head. 

Did he get you? Moody growled. His voice was low 
and gravelly. 

No, said Harry, missed. 

LEAVE IT! Moody shouted. 

Leave  what? Harry said, bewildered. 

Not you  him! Moody growled, jerking his thumb 
over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, 
about to pick up the white ferret. It seemed that 
Moodys rolling eye was magical and could see out of 
the back of his head. 

Moody started to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the 
ferret, which gave a terrified squeak and took off, 
streaking toward the dungeons. 

I dont think so! roared Moody, pointing his wand at 
the ferret again  it flew ten feet into the air, fell with 

  226 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




a smack to the floor, and then bounced upward once 
more. 

I dont like people who attack when their opponents 
backs turned, growled Moody as the ferret bounced 
higher and higher, squealing in pain. Stinking, 
cowardly, scummy thing to do. ... 

The ferret flew through the air, its legs and tail flailing 
helplessly. 

Never  do  that  again   said Moody, speaking 
each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and 
bounced upward again. 

Professor Moody! said a shocked voice. 

Professor McGonagall was coming down the marble 
staircase with her arms full of books. 

Hello, Professor McGonagall, said Moody calmly, 
bouncing the ferret still higher. 

What  what are you doing? said Professor 
McGonagall, her eyes following the bouncing ferrets 
progress through the air. 

Teaching, said Moody. 

Teach  Moody, is that a student? shrieked 
Professor McGonagall, the books spilling out of her 
arms. 

Yep, said Moody. 

No! cried Professor McGonagall, running down the 
stairs and pulling out her wand; a moment later, with 
a loud snapping noise, Draco Malfoy had reappeared, 
lying in a heap on the floor with his sleek blond hair 

  227 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




all over his now brilliantly pink face. He got to his 
feet, wincing. 

Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a 
punishment! said Professor McGonagall weakly. 
Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that? 

He mightve mentioned it, yeah, said Moody, 
scratching his chin unconcernedly, but I thought a 
good sharp shock   

We give detentions, Moody! Or speak to the offenders 
Head of House! 

Ill do that, then, said Moody, staring at Malfoy with 
great dislike. 

Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain 
and humiliation, looked malevolently up at Moody 
and muttered something in which the words my 
father were distinguishable. 

Oh yeah? said Moody quietly, limping forward a few 
steps, the dull clunk of his wooden leg echoing around 
the hall. Well, I know your father of old, boy. ... You 
tell him Moodys keeping a close eye on his son . . . you 
tell him that from me. ... Now, your Head of Housell 
be Snape, will it? 

Yes, said Malfoy resentfully. 

Another old friend, growled Moody. Ive been 
looking forward to a chat with old Snape. ... Come on, 
you. ... 

And he seized Malfoys upper arm and marched him 
off toward the dungeons. 



  228 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Professor McGonagall stared anxiously after them for 
a few moments, then waved her wand at her fallen 
books, causing them to soar up into the air and back 
into her arms. 

Dont talk to me, Ron said quietly to Harry and 
Hermione as they sat down at the Gryffindor table a 
few minutes later, surrounded by excited talk on all 
sides about what had just happened. 

Why not? said Hermione in surprise. 

Because I want to fix that in my memory forever, 
said Ron, his eyes closed and an uplifted expression 
on his face. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing 
ferret ... 

Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione 
began doling beef casserole onto each of their plates. 

He could have really hurt Malfoy, though, she said. 
It was good, really, that Professor McGonagall 
stopped it   

Hermione! said Ron furiously, his eyes snapping 
open again, youre ruining the best moment of my 
life! 

Hermione made an impatient noise and began to eat 
at top speed again. 

Dont tell me youre going back to the library this 
evening? said Harry, watching her. 

Got to, said Hermione thickly. Loads to do. 

But you told us Professor Vector   



  229 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Its not schoolwork, she said. Within five minutes, 
she had cleared her plate and departed. No sooner 
had she gone than her seat was taken by Fred 
Weasley. 

Moody! he said. How cool is he? 

Beyond cool, said George, sitting down opposite 
Fred. 

Supercool, said the twins best friend, Lee Jordan, 
sliding into the seat beside George. We had him this 
afternoon, he told Harry and Ron. 

What was it like? said Harry eagerly. 

Fred, George, and Lee exchanged looks full of 
meaning. 

Never had a lesson like it, said Fred. 

He knows, man, said Lee. 

Knows what? said Ron, leaning forward. 

Knows what its like to be out there doing it, said 
George impressively. 

Doing what? said Harry. 

Fighting the Dark Arts, said Fred. 

Hes seen it all, said George. 

 Mazing, said Lee. 

Ron dived into his bag for his schedule. 



  230 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




We havent got him till Thursday! he said in a 
disappointed voice. 



  231 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE UNFORGIVABLE CURSES 

The next two days passed without great incident, 
unless you counted Neville melting his sixth cauldron 
in Potions. Professor Snape, who seemed to have 
attained new levels of vindictiveness over the 
summer, gave Neville detention, and Neville returned 
from it in a state of nervous collapse, having been 
made to disembowel a barrel full of horned toads. 

You know why Snape s in such a foul mood, dont 
you? said Ron to Harry as they watched Hermione 
teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog 
guts from under his fingernails. 

Yeah, said Harry. Moody. 

It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted 
the Dark Arts job, and he had now failed to get it for 
the fourth year running. Snape had disliked all of 
their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it  
but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt 
animosity to MadEye Moody. Indeed, whenever Harry 
saw the two of them together  at mealtimes, or 

  232 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



when they passed in the corridors  he had the 
distinct impression that Snape was avoiding Moodys 
eye, whether magical or normal. 

I reckon Snapes a bit scared of him, you know, 
Harry said thoughtfully. 

Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad, 
said Ron, his eyes misting over, and bounced him all 
around his dungeon. ... 

The Gryffindor fourth years were looking forward to 
Moodys first lesson so much that they arrived early 
on Thursday lunchtime and queued up outside his 
classroom before the bell had even rung. The only 
person missing was Hermione, who turned up just in 
time for the lesson. 

Been in the   

Library. Harry finished her sentence for her. 

Cmon, quick, or we wont get decent seats. 

They hurried into three chairs right in front of the 
teachers desk, took out their copies of The Dark 
Forces: A Guide to SelfProtection, and waited, 
unusually quiet. Soon they heard Moodys distinctive 
clunking footsteps coming down the corridor, and he 
entered the room, looking as strange and frightening 
as ever. They could just see his clawed, wooden foot 
protruding from underneath his robes. 

You can put those away, he growled, stumping over 
to his desk and sitting down, those books. You wont 
need them. 

They returned the books to their bags, Ron looking 
excited. 



  233 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moody took out a register, shook his long mane of 
grizzled gray hair out of his twisted and scarred face, 
and began to call out names, his normal eye moving 
steadily down the list while his magical eye swiveled 
around, fixing upon each student as he or she 
answered. 

Right then, he said, when the last person had 
declared themselves present, Ive had a letter from 
Professor Lupin about this class. Seems youve had a 
pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures 
 youve covered boggarts, Red Caps, hinkypunks, 
grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right? 

There was a general murmur of assent. 

But youre behind  very behind  on dealing with 
curses, said Moody. So Im here to bring you up to 
scratch on what wizards can do to each other. Ive got 
one year to teach you how to deal with Dark   

What, arent you staying? Ron blurted out. 

Moodys magical eye spun around to stare at Ron; 

Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a 
moment Moody smiled  the first time Harry had 
seen him do so. The effect was to make his heavily 
scarred face look more twisted and contorted than 
ever, but it was nevertheless good to know that he 
ever did anything as friendly as smile. Ron looked 
deeply relieved. 

Youll be Arthur Weasleys son, eh? Moody said. 
Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few 
days ago. ... Yeah, Im staying just the one year. 
Special favor to Dumbledore. ... One year, and then 
back to my quiet retirement. 



  234 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He gave a harsh laugh, and then clapped his gnarled 
hands together. 

So  straight into it. Curses. They come in many 
strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry 
of Magic, Im supposed to teach you countercurses 
and leave it at that. Im not supposed to show you 
what illegal Dark curses look like until youre in the 
sixth year. Youre not supposed to be old enough to 
deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledores got 
a higher opinion of your nerves, he reckons you can 
cope, and I say, the sooner you know what youre up 
against, the better. How are you supposed to defend 
yourself against something youve never seen? A 
wizard whos about to put an illegal curse on you isnt 
going to tell you what hes about to do. Hes not going 
to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be 
prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You 
need to put that away, Miss Brown, when Im 
talking. 

Lavender jumped and blushed. She had been showing 
Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk. 
Apparently Moodys magical eye could see through 
solid wood, as well as out of the back of his head. 

So ... do any of you know which curses are most 
heavily punished by wizarding law? 

Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including 
Rons and Hermiones. Moody pointed at Ron, though 
his magical eye was still fixed on Lavender. 

Er, said Ron tentatively, my dad told me about one. 
... Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something? 

Ah, yes, said Moody appreciatively. Your father 
would know that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of 
trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse. 

  235 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moody got heavily to his mismatched feet, opened his 
desk drawer, and took out a glass jar. Three large 
black spiders were scuttling around inside it. Harry 
felt Ron recoil slightly next to him  Ron hated 
spiders. 

Moody reached into the jar, caught one of the spiders, 
and held it in the palm of his hand so that they could 
all see it. He then pointed his wand at it and 
muttered, Imperio\ 

The spider leapt from Moodys hand on a fine thread 
of silk and began to swing backward and forward as 
though on a trapeze. It stretched out its legs rigidly, 
then did a back flip, breaking the thread and landing 
on the desk, where it began to cartwheel in circles. 
Moody jerked his wand, and the spider rose onto two 
of its hind legs and went into what was unmistakably 
a tap dance. 

Everyone was laughing  everyone except Moody. 

Think its funny, do you? he growled. Youd like it, 
would you, if I did it to you? 

The laughter died away almost instantly. 

Total control, said Moody quietly as the spider 
balled itself up and began to roll over and over. I 
could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, 
throw itself down one of your throats ... 

Ron gave an involuntary shudder. 

Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards 
being controlled by the Imperius Curse, said Moody, 
and Harry knew he was talking about the days in 
which Voldemort had been allpowerful. Some job for 



  236 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced 
to act, and who was acting of their own free will. 

The Imperius Curse can be fought, and Ill be 
teaching you how, but it takes real strength of 
character, and not everyones got it. Better avoid 
being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE! 
he barked, and everyone jumped. 

Moody picked up the somersaulting spider and threw 
it back into the jar. 

Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse? 

Hermiones hand flew into the air again and so, to 
Harrys slight surprise, did Nevilles. The only class in 
which Neville usually volunteered information was 
Herbology, which was easily his best subject. Neville 
looked surprised at his own daring. 

Yes? said Moody, his magical eye rolling right over 
to fix on Neville. 

Theres one  the Cruciatus Curse, said Neville in a 
small but distinct voice. 

Moody was looking very intently at Neville, this time 
with both eyes. 

Your names Longbottom? he said, his magical eye 
swooping down to check the register again. 

Neville nodded nervously, but Moody made no further 
inquiries. Turning back to the class at large, he 
reached into the jar for the next spider and placed it 
upon the desktop, where it remained motionless, 
apparently too scared to move. 



  237 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The Cruciatus Curse, said Moody. Needs to be a bit 
bigger for you to get the idea, he said, pointing his 
wand at the spider. Engorgio\ 

The spider swelled. It was now larger than a 
tarantula. Abandoning all pretense, Ron pushed his 
chair backward, as far away from Moodys desk as 
possible. 

Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, 
and muttered, CrucioV 

At once, the spiders legs bent in upon its body; it 
rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from 
side to side. No sound came from it, but Harry was 
sure that if it could have given voice, it would have 
been screaming. Moody did not remove his wand, and 
the spider started to shudder and jerk more violently 



Stop it! Hermione said shrilly. 

Harry looked around at her. She was looking, not at 
the spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her 
gaze, saw that Nevilles hands were clenched upon the 
desk in front of him, his knuckles white, his eyes 
wide and horrified. 

Moody raised his wand. The spiders legs relaxed, but 
it continued to twitch. 

Reducio, Moody muttered, and the spider shrank 
back to its proper size. He put it back into the jar. 

Pain, said Moody softly. You dont need 
thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can 
perform the Cruciatus Curse. ... That one was very 
popular once too. 



  238 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Right . . . anyone know any others? 



Harry looked around. From the looks on everyones 
faces, he guessed they were all wondering what was 
going to happen to the last spider. Hermiones hand 
shook slightly as, for the third time, she raised it into 
the air. 

Yes? said Moody, looking at her. 

Avada Kedavra, Hermione whispered. 

Several people looked uneasily around at her, 
including Ron. 

Ah, said Moody, another slight smile twisting his 
lopsided mouth. Yes, the last and worst. Avada 
Kedavra ... the Killing Curse. 

He put his hand into the glass jar, and almost as 
though it knew what was coming, the third spider 
scuttled frantically around the bottom of the jar, 
trying to evade Moodys fingers, but he trapped it, and 
placed it upon the desktop. It started to scuttle 
frantically across the wooden surface. 

Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden thrill 
of foreboding. 

Avada Kedavral Moody roared. 

There was a flash of blinding green light and a 
rushing sound, as though a vast, invisible something 
was soaring through the air  instantaneously the 
spider rolled over onto its back, unmarked, but 
unmistakably dead. Several of the students stifled 
cries; Ron had thrown himself backward and almost 
toppled off his seat as the spider skidded toward him. 

  239 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moody swept the dead spider off the desk onto the 
floor. 

Not nice, he said calmly. Not pleasant. And theres 
no countercurse. Theres no blocking it. Only one 
known person has ever survived it, and hes sitting 
right in front of me. 

Harry felt his face redden as Moodys eyes (both of 
them) looked into his own. He could feel everyone else 
looking around at him too. Harry stared at the blank 
blackboard as though fascinated by it, but not really 
seeing it at all. ... 

So that was how his parents had died . . . exactly like 
that spider. Had they been unblemished and 
unmarked too? Had they simply seen the flash of 
green light and heard the rush of speeding death, 
before life was wiped from their bodies? 

Harry had been picturing his parents deaths over 
and over again for three years now, ever since hed 
found out they had been murdered, ever since hed 
found out what had happened that night: Wormtail 
had betrayed his parents whereabouts to Voldemort, 
who had come to find them at their cottage. How 
Voldemort had killed Harrys father first. How James 
Potter had tried to hold him off, while he shouted at 
his wife to take Harry and run ... Voldemort had 
advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move aside so 
that he could kill Harry . . . how she had begged him to 
kill her instead, refused to stop shielding her son . . . 
and so Voldemort had murdered her too, before 
turning his wand on Harry. . . . 

Harry knew these details because he had heard his 
parents voices when he had fought the dementors 
last year  for that was the terrible power of the 
dementors: to force their victims to relive the worst 

  240 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




memories of their lives, and drown, powerless, in their 
own despair. . . . 

Moody was speaking again, from a great distance, it 
seemed to Harry. With a massive effort, he pulled 
himself back to the present and listened to what 
Moody was saying. 

Avada Kedavras a curse that needs a powerful bit of 
magic behind it  you could all get your wands out 
now and point them at me and say the words, and I 
doubt Id get so much as a nosebleed. But that 
doesnt matter. Im not here to teach you how to do it. 

Now, if theres no countercurse, why am I showing 
you? Because youve got to know. Youve got to 
appreciate what the worst is. You dont want to find 
yourself in a situation where youre facing it. 
CONSTANT VIGILANCE! he roared, and the whole 
class jumped again. 

Now ... those three curses  Avada Kedavra, 
Imperius, and Cruciatus  are known as the 
Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of them on a 
fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence 
in Azkaban. Thats what youre up against. Thats 
what Ive got to teach you to fight. You need 
preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you 
need to practice constant, neverceasing vigilance. Get 
out your quills ... copy this down. ... 

They spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each 
of the Unforgivable Curses. No one spoke until the 
bell rang  but when Moody had dismissed them and 
they had left the classroom, a torrent of talk burst 
forth. Most people were discussing the curses in awed 
voices  Did you see it twitch?   and when he 
killed it  just like that! 



  241 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as 
though it had been some sort of spectacular show, 
but he hadnt found it very entertaining  and nor, it 
seemed, had Hermione. 

Hurry up, she said tensely to Harry and Ron. 

Not the ruddy library again? said Ron. 

No, said Hermione curtly, pointing up a side 
passage. Neville. 

Neville was standing alone, halfway up the passage, 
staring at the stone wall opposite him with the same 
horrified, wideeyed look he had worn when Moody 
had demonstrated the Cruciatus Curse. 

Neville? Hermione said gently. 

Neville looked around. 

Oh hello, he said, his voice much higher than usual. 
Interesting lesson, wasnt it? I wonder whats for 
dinner, Im  Im starving, arent you? 

Neville, are you all right? said Hermione. 

Oh yes, Im fine, Neville gabbled in the same 
unnaturally high voice. Very interesting dinner  I 
mean lesson  whats for eating? 

Ron gave Harry a startled look. 

Neville, what  ? 

But an odd clunking noise sounded behind them, and 
they turned to see Professor Moody limping toward 
them. All four of them fell silent, watching him 



  242 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




apprehensively, but when he spoke, it was in a much 
lower and gentler growl than they had yet heard. 

Its all right, sonny, he said to Neville. Why dont 
you come up to my office? Come on . . . we can have a 
cup of tea. ... 

Neville looked even more frightened at the prospect of 
tea with Moody. He neither moved nor spoke. Moody 
turned his magical eye upon Harry. 

You all right, are you, Potter? 

Yes, said Harry, almost defiantly. 

Moodys blue eye quivered slightly in its socket as it 
surveyed Harry. Then he said, Youve got to know. It 
seems harsh, maybe, but youve got to know. No point 
pretending ... well ... come on, Longbottom, Ive got 
some books that might interest you. 

Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione, but they didnt say anything, so Neville 
had no choice but to allow himself to be steered away, 
one of Moodys gnarled hands on his shoulder. 

What was that about? said Ron, watching Neville 
and Moody turn the corner. 

I dont know, said Hermione, looking pensive. 

Some lesson, though, eh? said Ron to Harry as they 
set off for the Great Hall. Fred and George were right, 
werent they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, 
doesnt he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that 
spider just died, just snuffed it right   

But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harrys 
face and didnt speak again until they reached the 

  243 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Great Hall, when he said he supposed they had better 
make a start on Professor Trelawneys predictions 
tonight, since they would take hours. 

Hermione did not join in with Harry and Rons 
conversation during dinner, but ate furiously fast, 
and then left for the library again. Harry and Ron 
walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had 
been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now 
raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself. 

Wouldnt Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with 
the Ministry if they knew wed seen the curses? 

Harry asked as they approached the Fat Lady. 

Yeah, probably, said Ron. But Dumbledores always 
done things his way, hasnt he, and Moodys been 
getting in trouble for years, I reckon. Attacks first and 
asks questions later  look at his dustbins. 
Balderdash. 

The Fat Lady swung forward to reveal the entrance 
hole, and they climbed into the Gryffindor common 
room, which was crowded and noisy. 

Shall we get our Divination stuff, then? said Harry. 

I spose, Ron groaned. 

They went up to the dormitory to fetch their books 
and charts, to find Neville there alone, sitting on his 
bed, reading. He looked a good deal calmer than at 
the end of Moodys lesson, though still not entirely 
normal. His eyes were rather red. 

You all right, Neville? Harry asked him. 

Oh yes, said Neville, Im fine, thanks. Just reading 
this book Professor Moody lent me. ... 

  244 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He held up the book: Magical Water Plants of the 
Mediterranean. 

Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody 
Im really good at Herbology, Neville said. There was 
a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely 
heard there before. He thought Id like this. 

Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry 
thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering 
Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that he was 
good at anything. It was the sort of thing Professor 
Lupin would have done. 

Harry and Ron took their copies of Unfogging the 
Future back down to the common room, found a 
table, and set to work on their predictions for the 
coming month. An hour later, they had made very 
little progress, though their table was littered with 
bits of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and 
Harrys brain was as fogged as though it had been 
filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawneys fire. 

I havent got a clue what this lots supposed to 
mean, he said, staring down at a long list of 
calculations. 

You know, said Ron, whose hair was on end 
because of all the times he had run his fingers 
through it in frustration, I think its back to the old 
Divination standby. 

What  make it up? 

Yeah, said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled 
notes off the table, dipping his pen into some ink, and 
starting to write. 



  245 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Next Monday, he said as he scribbled, I am likely to 
develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of 
Mars and Jupiter. He looked up at Harry. You know 
her  just put in loads of misery, shell lap it up. 

Right, said Harry, crumpling up his first attempt 
and lobbing it over the heads of a group of chattering 
first years into the fire. Okay ... on Monday, / will be 
in danger of  er  burns. 

Yeah, you will be, said Ron darkly, were seeing the 
skrewts again on Monday. Okay, Tuesday, Ill ... erm 



Lose a treasured possession, said Harry, who was 
flicking through Unfogging the Future for ideas. 

Good one, said Ron, copying it down. Because of 
... erm ... Mercury. Why dont you get stabbed in the 
back by someone you thought was a friend? 

Yeah ... cool ... said Harry, scribbling it down, 
because ... Venus is in the twelfth house. 

And on Wednesday, I think Ill come off worst in a 
fight. 

Aaah, I was going to have a fight. Okay, Ill lose a 
bet. 

Yeah, youll be betting Ill win my fight. ... 

They continued to make up predictions (which grew 
steadily more tragic) for another hour, while the 
common room around them slowly emptied as people 
went up to bed. Crookshanks wandered over to them, 
leapt lightly into an empty chair, and stared 
inscrutably at Harry, rather as Hermione might look if 
she knew they werent doing their homework properly. 
  246 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of 
misfortune he hadnt yet used, Harry saw Fred and 
George sitting together against the opposite wall, 
heads together, quills out, poring over a single piece 
of parchment. It was most unusual to see Fred and 
George hidden away in a corner and working silently; 
they usually liked to be in the thick of things and the 
noisy center of attention. There was something 
secretive about the way they were working on the 
piece of parchment, and Harry was reminded of how 
they had sat together writing something back at the 
Burrow. He had thought then that it was another 
order form for Weasleys Wizard Wheezes, but it didnt 
look like that this time; if it had been, they would 
surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. He 
wondered whether it had anything to do with entering 
the Triwizard Tournament. 

As Harry watched, George shook his head at Fred, 
scratched out something with his quill, and said, in a 
very quiet voice that nevertheless carried across the 
almost deserted room, No  that sounds like were 
accusing him. Got to be careful ... 

Then George looked over and saw Harry watching 
him. Harry grinned and quickly returned to his 
predictions  he didnt want George to think he was 
eavesdropping. Shortly after that, the twins rolled up 
their parchment, said good night, and went off to bed. 

Fred and George had been gone ten minutes or so 
when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed 
into the common room carrying a sheaf of parchment 
in one hand and a box whose contents rattled as she 
walked in the other. Crookshanks arched his back, 
purring. 

Hello, she said, Ive just finished! 



  247 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




So have I! said Ron triumphantly, throwing down 
his quill. 

Hermione sat down, laid the things she was carrying 
in an empty armchair, and pulled Rons predictions 
toward her. 

Not going to have a very good month, are you? she 
said sardonically as Crookshanks curled up in her 
lap. 

Ah well, at least Im forewarned, Ron yawned. 

You seem to be drowning twice, said Hermione. 

Oh am I? said Ron, peering down at his predictions. 
Id better change one of them to getting trampled by 
a rampaging hippogriff. 

Dont you think its a bit obvious youve made these 
up? said Hermione. 

How dare you! said Ron, in mock outrage. Weve 
been working like houseelves here! 

Hermione raised her eyebrows. 

Its just an expression, said Ron hastily. 

Harry laid down his quill too, having just finished 
predicting his own death by decapitation. 

Whats in the box? he asked, pointing at it. 

Funny you should ask, said Hermione, with a nasty 
look at Ron. She took off the lid and showed them the 
contents. 



  248 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colors, 
but all bearing the same letters: S.P.E.W. 

 Spew? said Harry, picking up a badge and looking 
at it. Whats this about? 

Not spew, said Hermione impatiently. Its SPEW. 
Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish 
Welfare. 

Never heard of it, said Ron. 

Well, of course you havent, said Hermione briskly, 
Ive only just started it. 

Yeah? said Ron in mild surprise. How many 
members have you got? 

Well  if you two join  three, said Hermione. 

And you think we want to walk around wearing 
badges saying spew, do you? said Ron. 

SPEW! said Hermione hotly. I was going to put 
Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical 
Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal 
Status  but it wouldnt fit. So thats the heading of 
our manifesto. 

She brandished the sheaf of parchment at them. 

Ive been researching it thoroughly in the library. Elf 
enslavement goes back centuries. I cant believe no 
ones done anything about it before now. 

Hermione  open your ears, said Ron loudly. They. 
Like. It. They like being enslaved! 



  249 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Our shortterm aims, said Hermione, speaking even 
more loudly than Ron, and acting as though she 
hadnt heard a word, are to secure houseelves fair 
wages and working conditions. Our longterm aims 
include changing the law about nonwand use, and 
trying to get an elf into the Department for the 
Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because 
theyre shockingly underrepresented. 

And how do we do all this? Harry asked. 

We start by recruiting members, said Hermione 
happily. I thought two Sickles to join  that buys a 
badge  and the proceeds can fund our leaflet 
campaign. Youre treasurer, Ron  Ive got you a 
collecting tin upstairs  and Harry, youre secretary, 
so you might want to write down everything Im 
saying now, as a record of our first meeting. 

There was a pause in which Hermione beamed at the 
pair of them, and Harry sat, torn between 
exasperation at Hermione and amusement at the look 
on Rons face. The silence was broken, not by Ron, 
who in any case looked as though he was temporarily 
dumbstruck, but by a soft tap, tap on the window. 
Harry looked across the now empty common room 
and saw, illuminated by the moonlight, a snowy owl 
perched on the windowsill. 

Hedwig! he shouted, and he launched himself out of 
his chair and across the room to pull open the 
window. 

Hedwig flew inside, soared across the room, and 
landed on the table on top of Harrys predictions. 

About time! said Harry, hurrying after her. 



  250 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Shes got an answer! said Ron excitedly, pointing at 
the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwigs leg. 

Harry hastily untied it and sat down to read, 
whereupon Hedwig fluttered onto his knee, hooting 
softly. 

What does it say? Hermione asked breathlessly. 

The letter was very short, and looked as though it had 
been scrawled in a great hurry. Harry read it aloud: 

Harry  

Im flying north immediately. This news about your 
scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that 
have reached me here. If it hurts again , go straight to 
Dumbledore  theyre saying hes got MadEye out of 
retirement, which means hes reading the signs, even if 
no one else is. 

Ill be in touch soon. My best to Ron and Hermione. 

Keep your eyes open, Harry. 

Sirius 

Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared 
back at him. 

Hes flying north? Hermione whispered. Hes 
coming back? 

Dumbledores reading what signs? said Ron, looking 
perplexed. Harry  whats up? 

For Harry had just hit himself in the forehead with 
his fist, jolting Hedwig out of his lap. 

I shouldntve told him! Harry said furiously. 

  251 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What are you on about? said Ron in surprise. 



Its made him think hes got to come back! said 
Harry, now slamming his fist on the table so that 
Hedwig landed on the back of Rons chair, hooting 
indignantly. Coming back, because he thinks Im in 
trouble! And theres nothing wrong with me! And I 
havent got anything for you, Harry snapped at 
Hedwig, who was clicking her beak expectantly, 

youll have to go up to the Owlery if you want food. 

Hedwig gave him an extremely offended look and took 
off for the open window, cuffing him around the head 
with her outstretched wing as she went. 

Harry, Hermione began, in a pacifying sort of voice. 

Im going to bed, said Harry shortly. See you in the 
morning. 

Upstairs in the dormitory he pulled on his pajamas 
and got into his fourposter, but he didnt feel 
remotely tired. 

If Sirius came back and got caught, it would be his, 
Harrys, fault. Why hadnt he kept his mouth shut? A 
few seconds pain and hed had to blab. ... If hed just 
had the sense to keep it to himself. . . . 

He heard Ron come up into the dormitory a short 
while later, but did not speak to him. For a long time, 
Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of his bed. 
The dormitory was completely silent, and, had he 
been less preoccupied, Harry would have realized that 
the absence of Nevilles usual snores meant that he 
was not the only one lying awake. 



  252 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






BEAUXBATONS AND DRUMSTRANG 

Early next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully 
formed in his mind, as though his sleeping brain had 
been working on it all night. He got up, dressed in the 
pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking 
Ron, and went back down to the deserted common 
room. Here he took a piece of parchment from the 
table upon which his Divination homework still lay 
and wrote the following letter: 

Dear Sirius, 

I reckon I just imagined my scar hurting, I was half 
asleep when I wrote to you last time. Theres no point 
coming back, everythings fine here. Dont worry about 
me, my head feels completely normal. 

Harry 

He then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through 
the silent castle (held up only briefly by Peeves, who 
tried to overturn a large vase on him halfway along 



  253 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



the fourthfloor corridor), finally arriving at the 
Owlery, which was situated at the top of West Tower. 

The Owlery was a circular stone room, rather cold 
and drafty, because none of the windows had glass in 
them. The floor was entirely covered in straw, owl 
droppings, and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and 
voles. Hundreds upon hundreds of owls of every 
breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that 
rose right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of 
them asleep, though here and there a round amber 
eye glared at Harry. He spotted Hedwig nestled 
between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to 
her, sliding a little on the droppingstrewn floor. 

It took him a while to persuade her to wake up and 
then to look at him, as she kept shuffling around on 
her perch, showing him her tail. She was evidently 
still furious about his lack of gratitude the previous 
night. In the end, it was Harry suggesting she might 
be too tired, and that perhaps he would ask Ron to 
borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her stick out her leg 
and allow him to tie the letter to it. 

Just find him, all right? Harry said, stroking her 
back as he carried her on his arm to one of the holes 
in the wall. Before the dementors do. 

She nipped his finger, perhaps rather harder than she 
would ordinarily have done, but hooted softly in a 
reassuring sort of way all the same. Then she spread 
her wings and took off into the sunrise. Harry 
watched her fly out of sight with the familiar feeling of 
unease back in his stomach. He had been so sure 
that Siriuss reply would alleviate his worries rather 
than increasing them. 

That was a lie, Harry, said Hermione sharply over 
breakfast, when he told her and Ron what he had 

  254 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




done. You didnt imagine your scar hurting and you 
know it. 

So what? said Harry. Hes not going back to 
Azkaban because of me. 

Drop it, said Ron sharply to Hermione as she 
opened her mouth to argue some more, and for once, 
Hermione heeded him, and fell silent. 

Harry did his best not to worry about Sirius over the 
next couple of weeks. True, he could not stop himself 
from looking anxiously around every morning when 
the post owls arrived, nor, late at night before he went 
to sleep, prevent himself from seeing horrible visions 
of Sirius, cornered by dementors down some dark 
London street, but betweentimes he tried to keep his 
mind off his godfather. He wished he still had 
Quidditch to distract him; nothing worked so well on 
a troubled mind as a good, hard training session. On 
the other hand, their lessons were becoming more 
difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly 
Moodys Defense Against the Dark Arts. 

To their surprise, Professor Moody had announced 
that he would be putting the Imperius Curse on each 
of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and to see 
whether they could resist its effects. 

But  but you said its illegal, Professor, said 
Hermione uncertainly as Moody cleared away the 
desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large clear 
space in the middle of the room. You said  to use it 
against another human was   

Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like, 
said Moody, his magical eye swiveling onto Hermione 
and fixing her with an eerie, unblinking stare. If 
youd rather learn the hard way  when someones 

  255 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




putting it on you so they can control you completely 
 fine by me. Youre excused. Off you go. 

He pointed one gnarled finger toward the door. 
Hermione went very pink and muttered something 
about not meaning that she wanted to leave. Harry 
and Ron grinned at each other. They knew Hermione 
would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an 
important lesson. 

Moody began to beckon students forward in turn and 
put the Imperius Curse upon them. Harry watched 
as, one by one, his classmates did the most 
extraordinary things under its influence. Dean 
Thomas hopped three times around the room, singing 
the national anthem. Lavender Brown imitated a 
squirrel. Neville performed a series of quite 
astonishing gymnastics he would certainly not have 
been capable of in his normal state. Not one of them 
seemed to be able to fight off the curse, and each of 
them recovered only when Moody had removed it. 

Potter, Moody growled, you next. 

Harry moved forward into the middle of the 
classroom, into the space that Moody had cleared of 
desks. Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, 
and said, Imperio\ 

It was the most wonderful feeling. Harry felt a floating 
sensation as every thought and worry in his head was 
wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, 
untraceable happiness. He stood there feeling 
immensely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone 
watching him. 

And then he heard MadEye Moodys voice, echoing in 
some distant chamber of his empty brain: Jump onto 
the desk . . . jump onto the desk. . . . 

  256 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry bent his knees obediently, preparing to spring. 
Jump onto the desk. ... 

Why, though? Another voice had awoken in the back 
of his brain. 

Stupid thing to do, really, said the voice. 

Jump onto the desk. ... 

No, I dont think I will, thanks, said the other voice, a 
little more firmly ... no, I dont really want to. ... 

Jump\ NOW 

The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain. He 
had both jumped and tried to prevent himself from 
jumping  the result was that hed smashed 
headlong into the desk, knocking it over, and, by the 
feeling in his legs, fractured both his kneecaps. 

Now, thats more like it! growled Moodys voice, and 
suddenly, Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in his 
head disappear. He remembered exactly what was 
happening, and the pain in his knees seemed to 
double. 

Look at that, you lot ... Potter fought! He fought it, 
and he damn near beat it! Well try that again, Potter, 
and the rest of you, pay attention  watch his eyes, 
thats where you see it  very good, Potter, very good 
indeed! Theyll have trouble controlling you! 



The way he talks, Harry muttered as he hobbled out 
of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class an hour 
later (Moody had insisted on putting Harry through 

  257 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




his paces four times in a row, until Harry could throw 
off the curse entirely), youd think we were all going 
to be attacked any second. 

Yeah, I know, said Ron, who was skipping on every 
alternate step. He had had much more difficulty with 
the curse than Harry, though Moody assured him the 
effects would wear off by lunchtime. Talk about 
paranoid ... Ron glanced nervously over his shoulder 
to check that Moody was definitely out of earshot and 
went on. No wonder they were glad to get shot of him 
at the Ministry. Did you hear him telling Seamus 
what he did to that witch who shouted Boo behind 
him on April Fools Day? And when are we supposed 
to read up on resisting the Imperius Curse with 
everything else weve got to do? 

All the fourth years had noticed a definite increase in 
the amount of work they were required to do this 
term. Professor McGonagall explained why, when the 
class gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of 
Transfiguration homework she had assigned. 

You are now entering a most important phase of your 
magical education! she told them, her eyes glinting 
dangerously behind her square spectacles. Your 
Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing closer   

We dont take O.W.L.s till fifth year! said Dean 
Thomas indignantly. 

Maybe not, Thomas, but believe me, you need all the 
preparation you can get! Miss Granger remains the 
only person in this class who has managed to turn a 
hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion. I might 
remind you that your pincushion, Thomas, still curls 
up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin! 



  258 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione, who had turned rather pink again, seemed 
to be trying not to look too pleased with herself. 

Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor 
Trelawney told them that they had received top marks 
for their homework in their next Divination class. She 
read out large portions of their predictions, 
commending them for their unflinching acceptance of 
the horrors in store for them  but they were less 
amused when she asked them to do the same thing 
for the month after next; both of them were running 
out of ideas for catastrophes. 

Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught 
History of Magic, had them writing weekly essays on 
the goblin rebellions of the eighteenth century. 
Professor Snape was forcing them to research 
antidotes. They took this one seriously, as he had 
hinted that he might be poisoning one of them before 
Christmas to see if their antidote worked. Professor 
Flitwick had asked them to read three extra books in 
preparation for their lesson on Summoning Charms. 

Even Hagrid was adding to their workload. The Blast 
Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace 
given that nobody had yet discovered what they ate. 
Hagrid was delighted, and as part of their project, 
suggested that they come down to his hut on 
alternate evenings to observe the skrewts and make 
notes on their extraordinary behavior. 

I will not, said Draco Malfoy flatly when Hagrid had 
proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling 
an extra large toy out of his sack. I see enough of 
these foul things during lessons, thanks. 

Hagrid s smile faded off his face. 



  259 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yehll do whayer told, he growled, or Ill be takin a 
leaf outta Professor Moodys book. ... I hear yeh made 
a good ferret, Malfoy. 

The Gryffindors roared with laughter. Malfoy flushed 
with anger, but apparently the memory of Moodys 
punishment was still sufficiently painful to stop him 
from retorting. Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to 
the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirits; 
seeing Hagrid put down Malfoy was particularly 
satisfying, especially because Malfoy had done his 
very best to get Hagrid sacked the previous year. 

When they arrived in the entrance hall, they found 
themselves unable to proceed owing to the large 
crowd of students congregated there, all milling 
around a large sign that had been erected at the foot 
of the marble staircase. Ron, the tallest of the three, 
stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of them 
and read the sign aloud to the other two: 

TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT 

The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang 
will be arriving at 6 oclock on Friday the 30th of 
October. Lessons will end half an hour early  

Brilliant! said Harry. Its Potions last thing on 
Friday! Snape wont have time to poison us all! 

Students will return their bags and books to their 
dormitories and assemble in front of the castle to 
greet our guests before the Welcoming Feast. 



Only a week away! said Ernie Macmillan of 
Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, his eyes 



  260 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




gleaming. I wonder if Cedric knows? Think 111 go and 
tell him. ... 



Cedric? said Ron blankly as Ernie hurried off. 

Diggory, said Harry. He must be entering the 
tournament. 

That idiot, Hogwarts champion? said Ron as they 
pushed their way through the chattering crowd 
toward the staircase. 

Hes not an idiot. You just dont like him because he 
beat Gryffindor at Quidditch, said Hermione. Ive 
heard hes a really good student  and hes a 
prefect. 

She spoke as though this settled the matter. 

You only like him because hes handsome, said Ron 
scathingly. 

Excuse me, I dont like people just because theyre 
handsome! said Hermione indignantly. 

Ron gave a loud false cough, which sounded oddly 
like Lockhart\ 

The appearance of the sign in the entrance hall had a 
marked effect upon the inhabitants of the castle. 
During the following week, there seemed to be only 
one topic of conversation, no matter where Harry 
went: the Triwizard Tournament. Rumors were flying 
from student to student like highly contagious germs: 
who was going to try for Hogwarts champion, what 
the tournament would involve, how the students from 
Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from 
themselves. 

  261 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry noticed too that the castle seemed to be 
undergoing an extrathorough cleaning. Several grimy 
portraits had been scrubbed, much to the displeasure 
of their subjects, who sat huddled in their frames 
muttering darkly and wincing as they felt their raw 
pink faces. The suits of armor were suddenly 
gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus 
Filch, the caretaker, was behaving so ferociously to 
any students who forgot to wipe their shoes that he 
terrified a pair of firstyear girls into hysterics. 

Other members of the staff seemed oddly tense too. 

Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you cant even 
perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone 
from Durmstrang! Professor McGonagall barked at 
the end of one particularly difficult lesson, during 
which Neville had accidentally transplanted his own 
ears onto a cactus. 

When they went down to breakfast on the morning of 
the thirtieth of October, they found that the Great 
Hall had been decorated overnight. Enormous silk 
banners hung from the walls, each of them 
representing a Hogwarts House: red with a gold lion 
for Gryffindor, blue with a bronze eagle for 
Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, 
and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. Behind 
the teachers table, the largest banner of all bore the 
Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake 
united around a large letter H. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down beside Fred and 
George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and most 
unusually, they were sitting apart from everyone else 
and conversing in low voices. Ron led the way over to 
them. 



  262 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Its a bummer, all right, George was saying gloomily 
to Fred. But if he wont talk to us in person, well 
have to send him the letter after all. Or well stuff it 
into his hand. He cant avoid us forever. 

Whos avoiding you? said Ron, sitting down next to 
them. 

Wish you would, said Fred, looking irritated at the 
interruption. 

Whats a bummer? Ron asked George. 

Having a nosy git like you for a brother, said George. 

You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament 
yet? Harry asked. Thought any more about trying to 
enter? 

I asked McGonagall how the champions are chosen 
but she wasnt telling, said George bitterly. She just 
told me to shut up and get on with transfiguring my 
raccoon. 

Wonder what the tasks are going to be? said Ron 
thoughtfully. You know, I bet we could do them, 
Harry. Weve done dangerous stuff before. ... 

Not in front of a panel of judges, you havent, said 
Fred. McGonagall says the champions get awarded 
points according to how well theyve done the tasks. 

Who are the judges? Harry asked. 

Well, the Heads of the participating schools are 
always on the panel, said Hermione, and everyone 
looked around at her, rather surprised, because all 
three of them were injured during the Tournament of 



  263 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




1792, when a cockatrice the champions were 
supposed to be catching went on the ram. 

She noticed them all looking at her and said, with her 
usual air of impatience that nobody else had read all 
the books she had, Its all in Hogwarts, A History. 
Though, of course, that books not entirely reliable. A 
Revised History of Hogwarts would be a more 
accurate title. Or A Highly Biased and Selective 
History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier 
Aspects of the School. 

What are you on about? said Ron, though Harry 
thought he knew what was coming. 

 Houseelves\ said Hermione, her eyes flashing. Not 
once, in over a thousand s, does Hogwarts, A 
History mention that we are all colluding in the 
oppression of a hundred slaves! 

Harry shook his head and applied himself to his 
scrambled eggs. His and Rons lack of enthusiasm 
had done nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione s 
determination to pursue justice for houseelves. True, 
both of them had paid two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. 
badge, but they had only done it to keep her quiet. 
Their Sickles had been wasted, however; if anything, 
they seemed to have made Hermione more vociferous. 
She had been badgering Harry and Ron ever since, 
first to wear the badges, then to persuade others to do 
the same, and she had also taken to rattling around 
the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering 
people and shaking the collecting tin under their 
noses. 

You do realize that your sheets are changed, your 
fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food 
cooked by a group of magical creatures who are 
unpaid and enslaved? she kept saying fiercely. 

  264 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Some people, like Neville, had paid up just to stop 
Hermione from glowering at them. A few seemed 
mildly interested in what she had to say, but were 
reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning. 
Many regarded the whole thing as a joke. 

Ron now rolled his eyes at the ceiling, which was 
flooding them all in autumn sunlight, and Fred 
became extremely interested in his bacon (both twins 
had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. badge). George, 
however, leaned in toward Hermione. 

Listen, have you ever been down in the kitchens, 
Hermione? 

No, of course not, said Hermione curtly, I hardly 
think students are supposed to   

Well, we have, said George, indicating Fred, loads 
of times, to nick food. And weve met them, and 
theyre happy. They think theyve got the best job in 
the world   

Thats because theyre uneducated and 
brainwashed! Hermione began hotly, but her next 
few words were drowned out by the sudden 
whooshing noise from overhead, which announced 
the arrival of the post owls. Harry looked up at once, 
and saw Hedwig soaring toward him. Hermione 
stopped talking abruptly; she and Ron watched 
Hedwig anxiously as she fluttered down onto Harrys 
shoulder, folded her wings, and held out her leg 
wearily. 

Harry pulled off Siriuss reply and offered Hedwig his 
bacon rinds, which she ate gratefully. Then, checking 
that Fred and George were safely immersed in further 
discussions about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry 



  265 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




read out Siriuss letter in a whisper to Ron and 
Hermione. 



Nice try, Harry. 

Im back in the country and well hidden. I want you to 
keep me posted on everything thats going on at 
Hog warts. Dont use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and 
dont worry about me, just watch out for yourself. Dont 
forget what I said about your scar. 

Sirius 

Why dyou have to keep changing owls? Ron asked 
in a low voice. 

Hedwigll attract too much attention, said Hermione 
at once. She stands out. A snowy owl that keeps 
returning to wherever hes hiding ... I mean, theyre 
not native birds, are they? 

Harry rolled up the letter and slipped it inside his 
robes, wondering whether he felt more or less worried 
than before. He supposed that Sirius managing to get 
back without being caught was something. He 
couldnt deny either that the idea that Sirius was 
much nearer was reassuring; at least he wouldnt 
have to wait so long for a response every time he 
wrote. 

Thanks, Hedwig, he said, stroking her. She hooted 
sleepily, dipped her beak briefly into his goblet of 
orange juice, then took off again, clearly desperate for 
a good long sleep in the Owlery. 

There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air 
that day. Nobody was very attentive in lessons, being 
much more interested in the arrival that evening of 
the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang; even 

  266 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Potions was more bearable than usual, as it was half 
an hour shorter. When the bell rang early, Harry, 

Ron, and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, 
deposited their bags and books as they had been 
instructed, pulled on their cloaks, and rushed back 
downstairs into the entrance hall. 

The Heads of Houses were ordering their students 
into lines. 

Weasley, straighten your hat, Professor McGonagall 
snapped at Ron. Miss Patil, take that ridiculous 
thing out of your hair. 

Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental 
butterfly from the end of her plait. 

Follow me, please, said Professor McGonagall. First 
years in front ... no pushing. ... 

They filed down the steps and lined up in front of the 
castle. It was a cold, clear evening; dusk was falling 
and a pale, transparentlooking moon was already 
shining over the Forbidden Forest. Harry, standing 
between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from 
the front, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering 
with anticipation among the other first years. 

Nearly six, said Ron, checking his watch and then 
staring down the drive that led to the front gates. 
How dyou reckon theyre coming? The train? 

I doubt it, said Hermione. 

How, then? Broomsticks? Harry suggested, looking 
up at the starry sky. 

I dont think so ... not from that far away. ... 



  267 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A Portkey? Ron suggested. Or they could Apparate 
 maybe youre allowed to do it under seventeen 
wherever they come from? 

You cant Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, 
how often do I have to tell you? said Hermione 
impatiently. 

They scanned the darkening grounds excitedly, but 
nothing was moving; everything was still, silent, and 
quite as usual. Harry was starting to feel cold. He 
wished theyd hurry up. ... Maybe the foreign 
students were preparing a dramatic entrance. ... He 
remembered what Mr. Weasley had said back at the 
campsite before the Quidditch World Cup: always the 
same  we cant resist showing off when we get 
together. ... 

And then Dumbledore called out from the back row 
where he stood with the other teachers  

Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation 
from Beauxbatons approaches! 

Where? said many students eagerly, all looking in 
different directions. 

There! yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest. 

Something large, much larger than a broomstick  
or, indeed, a hundred broomsticks  was hurtling 
across the deep blue sky toward the castle, growing 
larger all the time. 

Its a dragon! shrieked one of the first years, losing 
her head completely. 

Dont be stupid ... its a flying house! said Dennis 
Creevey. 

  268 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Denniss guess was closer. ... As the gigantic black 
shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden 
Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows 
hit it, they saw a gigantic, powderblue, horsedrawn 
carriage, the size of a large house, soaring toward 
them, pulled through the air by a dozen winged 
horses, all palominos, and each the size of an 
elephant. 

The front three rows of students drew backward as 
the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a 
tremendous speed  then, with an almighty crash 
that made Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin 
fifth years foot, the horses hooves, larger than dinner 
plates, hit the ground. A second later, the carriage 
landed too, bouncing upon its vast wheels, while the 
golden horses tossed their enormous heads and rolled 
large, fiery red eyes. 

Harry just had time to see that the door of the 
carriage bore a coat of arms (two crossed, golden 
wands, each emitting three stars) before it opened. 

A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the 
carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with 
something on the carriage floor, and unfolded a set of 
golden steps. He sprang back respectfully. Then 
Harry saw a shining, highheeled black shoe emerging 
from the inside of the carriage  a shoe the size of a 
childs sled  followed, almost immediately, by the 
largest woman he had ever seen in his life. The size of 
the carriage, and of the horses, was immediately 
explained. A few people gasped. 

Harry had only ever seen one person as large as this 
woman in his life, and that was Hagrid; he doubted 
whether there was an inch difference in their heights. 
Yet somehow  maybe simply because he was used 
to Hagrid  this woman (now at the foot of the steps, 
  269 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




and looking around at the waiting, wideeyed crowd) 
seemed even more unnaturally large. As she stepped 
into the light flooding from the entrance hall, she was 
revealed to have a handsome, oliveskinned face; 
large, black, liquidlooking eyes; and a rather beaky 
nose. Her hair was drawn back in a shining knob at 
the base of her neck. She was dressed from head to 
foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals 
gleamed at her throat and on her thick fingers. 

Dumbledore started to clap; the students, following 
his lead, broke into applause too, many of them 
standing on tiptoe, the better to look at this woman. 

Her face relaxed into a gracious smile and she walked 
forward toward Dumbledore, extending a glittering 
hand. Dumbledore, though tall himself, had barely to 
bend to kiss it. 

My dear Madame Maxime, he said. Welcome to 
Hogwarts. 

Dumblydorr, said Madame Maxime in a deep voice. 
I ope I find you well? 

In excellent form, I thank you, said Dumbledore. 

My pupils, said Madame Maxime, waving one of her 
enormous hands carelessly behind her. 

Harry, whose attention had been focused completely 
upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that about a 
dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in their 
late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were 
now standing behind Madame Maxime. They were 
shivering, which was unsurprising, given that their 
robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of 
them were wearing cloaks. A few had wrapped scarves 
and shawls around their heads. From what Harry 
  270 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




could see of them (they were standing in Madame 
Maxime s enormous shadow), they were staring up at 
Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on their faces. 

 As Karkaroff arrived yet? Madame Maxime asked. 

He should be here any moment, said Dumbledore. 
Would you like to wait here and greet him or would 
you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle? 

Warm up, I think, said Madame Maxime. But ze 
orses   

Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be 
delighted to take care of them, said Dumbledore, the 
moment he has returned from dealing with a slight 
situation that has arisen with some of his other  er 
 charges. 

Skrewts, Ron muttered to Harry, grinning. 

My steeds require  er  forceful andling, said 
Madame Maxime, looking as though she doubted 
whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at 
Hogwarts could be up to the job. Zey are very strong. 



I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job, 
said Dumbledore, smiling. 

Very well, said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. 
Will you please inform zis Agrid zat ze orses drink 
only singlemalt whiskey? 

It will be attended to, said Dumbledore, also bowing. 

Come, said Madame Maxime imperiously to her 
students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her 
and her students to pass up the stone steps. 

  271 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




How big dyou reckon Durmstrangs horses are going 
to be? Seamus Finnigan said, leaning around 
Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron. 

Well, if theyre any bigger than this lot, even Hagrid 
wont be able to handle them, said Harry. Thats if 
he hasnt been attacked by his skrewts. Wonder 
whats up with them? 

Maybe theyve escaped, said Ron hopefully. 

Oh dont say that, said Hermione with a shudder. 
Imagine that lot loose on the grounds. ... 

They stood, shivering slightly now, waiting for the 
Durmstrang party to arrive. Most people were gazing 
hopefully up at the sky. For a few minutes, the 
silence was broken only by Madame Maximes huge 
horses snorting and stamping. But then  

Can you hear something? said Ron suddenly. 

Harry listened; a loud and oddly eerie noise was 
drifting toward them from out of the darkness: a 
muffled rumbling and sucking sound, as though an 
immense vacuum cleaner were moving along a 
riverbed. ... 

The lake! yelled Lee Jordan, pointing down at it. 
Look at the lake! 

From their position at the top of the lawns 
overlooking the grounds, they had a clear view of the 
smooth black surface of the water  except that the 
surface was suddenly not smooth at all. Some 
disturbance was taking place deep in the center; great 
bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now 
washing over the muddy banks  and then, out in 
the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if 
  272 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lakes 
floor. ... 

What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise 
slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool . . . and then 
Harry saw the rigging. . . . 

Its a mast! he said to Ron and Hermione. 

Slowly, magnificently, the ship rose out of the water, 
gleaming in the moonlight. It had a strangely skeletal 
look about it, as though it were a resurrected wreck, 
and the dim, misty lights shimmering at its portholes 
looked like ghostly eyes. Finally, with a great sloshing 
noise, the ship emerged entirely, bobbing on the 
turbulent water, and began to glide toward the bank. 
A few moments later, they heard the splash of an 
anchor being thrown down in the shallows, and the 
thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank. 

People were disembarking; they could see their 
silhouettes passing the lights in the ships portholes. 
All of them, Harry noticed, seemed to be built along 
the lines of Crabbe and Goyle . . . but then, as they 
drew nearer, walking up the lawns into the light 
streaming from the entrance hall, he saw that their 
bulk was really due to the fact that they were wearing 
cloaks of some kind of shaggy, matted fur. But the 
man who was leading them up to the castle was 
wearing furs of a different sort: sleek and silver, like 
his hair. 

Dumbledore! he called heartily as he walked up the 
slope. How are you, my dear fellow, how are you? 

Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff, 
Dumbledore replied. 



  273 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuous voice; when he 
stepped into the light pouring from the front doors of 
the castle they saw that he was tall and thin like 
Dumbledore, but his white hair was short, and his 
goatee (finishing in a small curl) did not entirely hide 
his rather weak chin. When he reached Dumbledore, 
he shook hands with both of his own. 

Dear old Hogwarts, he said, looking up at the castle 
and smiling; his teeth were rather yellow, and Harry 
noticed that his smile did not extend to his eyes, 
which remained cold and shrewd. How good it is to 
be here, how good. ... Viktor, come along, into the 
warmth ... you dont mind, Dumbledore? Viktor has a 
slight head cold. ... 

Karkaroff beckoned forward one of his students. As 
the boy passed, Harry caught a glimpse of a 
prominent curved nose and thick black eyebrows. He 
didnt need the punch on the arm Ron gave him, or 
the hiss in his ear, to recognize that profile. 

Harry  its Krum\ 



  274 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




t'fyfflapier l6 




THE GOBLET OF FIRE 

I dont believe it! Ron said, in a stunned voice, as 
the Hogwarts students filed back up the steps behind 
the party from Durmstrang. Krum, Harry! Viktor 
Kruml 

For heavens sake, Ron, hes only a Quidditch 
player, said Hermione. 

Only a Quidditch player? Ron said, looking at her as 
though he couldnt believe his ears. Hermione  hes 
one of the best Seekers in the world! I had no idea he 
was still at school! 

As they recrossed the entrance hall with the rest of 
the Hogwarts students heading for the Great Hall, 
Harry saw Lee Jordan jumping up and down on the 
soles of his feet to get a better look at the back of 
Krums head. Several sixthyear girls were frantically 
searching their pockets as they walked  

Oh I dont believe it, I havent got a single quill on me 

?? 



  275 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Dyou think hed sign my hat in lipstick? 



Really, Hermione said loftily as they passed the 
girls, now squabbling over the lipstick. 

Im getting his autograph if I can, said Ron. You 
havent got a quill, have you, Harry? 

Nope, theyre upstairs in my bag, said Harry. 

They walked over to the Gryffindor table and sat 
down. Ron took care to sit on the side facing the 
doorway, because Krum and his fellow Durmstrang 
students were still gathered around it, apparently 
unsure about where they should sit. The students 
from Beauxbatons had chosen seats at the Ravenclaw 
table. They were looking around the Great Hall with 
glum expressions on their faces. Three of them were 
still clutching scarves and shawls around their heads. 

Its not that cold, said Hermione defensively. Why 
didnt they bring cloaks? 

Over here! Come and sit over here! Ron hissed. 

Over here! Hermione, budge up, make a space   

What? 

Too late, said Ron bitterly. 

Viktor Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students had 
settled themselves at the Slytherin table. Harry could 
see Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle looking very smug 
about this. As he watched, Malfoy bent forward to 
speak to Krum. 

Yeah, thats right, smarm up to him, Malfoy, said 
Ron scathingly. I bet Krum can see right through 
him, though ... bet he gets people fawning over him 

  276 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




all the time. ... Where dyou reckon theyre going to 
sleep? We could offer him a space in our dormitory, 
Harry ... I wouldnt mind giving him my bed, I could 
kip on a camp bed. 

Hermione snorted. 

They look a lot happier than the Beauxbatons lot, 
said Harry. 

The Durmstrang students were pulling off their heavy 
furs and looking up at the starry black ceiling with 
expressions of interest; a couple of them were picking 
up the golden plates and goblets and examining 
them, apparently impressed. 

Up at the staff table, Filch, the caretaker, was adding 
chairs. He was wearing his moldy old tailcoat in 
honor of the occasion. Harry was surprised to see 
that he added four chairs, two on either side of 
Dumbledores. 

But there are only two extra people, Harry said. 
Whys Filch putting out four chairs, who else is 
coming? 

Eh? said Ron vaguely. He was still staring avidly at 
Krum. 

When all the students had entered the Hall and 
settled down at their House tables, the staff entered, 
filing up to the top table and taking their seats. Last 
in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor 
Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. When their 
headmistress appeared, the pupils from Beauxbatons 
leapt to their feet. A few of the Hogwarts students 
laughed. The Beauxbatons party appeared quite 
unembarrassed, however, and did not resume their 
seats until Madame Maxime had sat down on 
  277 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dumbledore s lefthand side. Dumbledore remained 
standing, and a silence fell over the Great Hall. 

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and  
most particularly  guests, said Dumbledore, 
beaming around at the foreign students. I have great 
pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and 
trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and 
enjoyable. 

One of the Beauxbatons girls still clutching a muffler 
around her head gave what was unmistakably a 
derisive laugh. 

No ones making you stay! Hermione whispered, 
bristling at her. 

The tournament will be officially opened at the end of 
the feast, said Dumbledore. I now invite you all to 
eat, drink, and make yourselves at home! 

He sat down, and Harry saw Karkaroff lean forward at 
once and engage him in conversation. 

The plates in front of them filled with food as usual. 
The houseelves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled 
out all the stops; there was a greater variety of dishes 
in front of them than Harry had ever seen, including 
several that were definitely foreign. 

Whats that? said Ron, pointing at a large dish of 
some sort of shellfish stew that stood beside a large 
steakandkidney pudding. 

Bouillabaisse, said Hermione. 

Bless you, said Ron. 



  278 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Its French, said Hermione, I had it on holiday 
summer before last. Its very nice. 

Ill take your word for it, said Ron, helping himself 
to black pudding. 

The Great Hall seemed somehow much more crowded 
than usual, even though there were barely twenty 
additional students there; perhaps it was because 
their differently colored uniforms stood out so clearly 
against the black of the Hogwarts robes. Now that 
they had removed their furs, the Durmstrang 
students were revealed to be wearing robes of a deep 
bloodred. 

Hagrid sidled into the Hall through a door behind the 
staff table twenty minutes after the start of the feast. 
He slid into his seat at the end and waved at Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione with a very heavily bandaged 
hand. 

Skrewts doing all right, Hagrid? Harry called. 

Thrivin, Hagrid called back happily. 

Yeah, Ill just bet they are, said Ron quietly. Looks 
like theyve finally found a food they like, doesnt it? 
Hagrid s fingers. 

At that moment, a voice said, Excuse me, are you 
wanting ze bouillabaisse? 

It was the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed 
during Dumbledores speech. She had finally removed 
her muffler. A long sheet of silveryblonde hair fell 
almost to her waist. She had large, deep blue eyes, 
and very white, even teeth. 



  279 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ron went purple. He stared up at her, opened his 
mouth to reply, but nothing came out except a faint 
gurgling noise. 

Yeah, have it, said Harry, pushing the dish toward 
the girl. 

You ave finished wiz it? 

Yeah, Ron said breathlessly. Yeah, it was 
excellent. 

The girl picked up the dish and carried it carefully off 
to the Ravenclaw table. Ron was still goggling at the 
girl as though he had never seen one before. Harry 
started to laugh. The sound seemed to jog Ron back 
to his senses. 

Shes a veelcd he said hoarsely to Harry. 

Of course she isnt! said Hermione tartly. I dont see 
anyone else gaping at her like an idiot! 

But she wasnt entirely right about that. As the girl 
crossed the Hall, many boys heads turned, and some 
of them seemed to have become temporarily 
speechless, just like Ron. 

Im telling you, thats not a normal girl! said Ron, 
leaning sideways so he could keep a clear view of her. 
They dont make them like that at Hogwarts! 

They make them okay at Hogwarts, said Harry 
without thinking. Cho happened to be sitting only a 
few places away from the girl with the silvery hair. 

When youve both put your eyes back in, said 
Hermione briskly, youll be able to see whos just 
arrived. 

  280 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




She was pointing up at the staff table. The two 
remaining empty seats had just been filled. Ludo 
Bagman was now sitting on Professor Karkaroffs 
other side, while Mr. Crouch, Percys boss, was next 
to Madame Maxime. 

What are they doing here? said Harry in surprise. 

They organized the Triwizard Tournament, didnt 
they? said Hermione. I suppose they wanted to be 
here to see it start. 

When the second course arrived they noticed a 
number of unfamiliar desserts too. Ron examined an 
odd sort of pale blancmange closely, then moved it 
carefully a few inches to his right, so that it would be 
clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. The girl who 
looked like a veela appeared to have eaten enough, 
however, and did not come over to get it. 

Once the golden plates had been wiped clean, 
Dumbledore stood up again. A pleasant sort of 
tension seemed to fill the Hall now. Harry felt a slight 
thrill of excitement, wondering what was coming. 
Several seats down from them, Fred and George were 
leaning forward, staring at Dumbledore with great 
concentration. 

The moment has come, said Dumbledore, smiling 
around at the sea of upturned faces. The Triwizard 
Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few 
words of explanation before we bring in the casket   

The what? Harry muttered. 

Ron shrugged. 

  just to clarify the procedure that we will be 
following this year. But first, let me introduce, for 

  281 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, 
Head of the Department of International Magical 
Cooperation  there was a smattering of polite 
applause  and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the 
Department of Magical Games and Sports. 

There was a much louder round of applause for 
Bagman than for Crouch, perhaps because of his 
fame as a Beater, or simply because he looked so 
much more likable. He acknowledged it with a jovial 
wave of his hand. Bartemius Crouch did not smile or 
wave when his name was announced. Remembering 
him in his neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup, 
Harry thought he looked strange in wizards robes. 

His toothbrush mustache and severe parting looked 
very odd next to Dumbledores long white hair and 
beard. 

Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have worked tirelessly 
over the last few months on the arrangements for the 
Triwizard Tournament, Dumbledore continued, and 
they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and 
Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the 
champions efforts. 

At the mention of the word champions, the 
attentiveness of the listening students seemed to 
sharpen. Perhaps Dumbledore had noticed their 
sudden stillness, for he smiled as he said, The 
casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch. 

Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in a far corner 
of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore carrying a 
great wooden chest encrusted with jewels. It looked 
extremely old. A murmur of excited interest rose from 
the watching students; Dennis Creevey actually stood 
on his chair to see it properly, but, being so tiny, his 
head hardly rose above anyone elses. 



  282 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The instructions for the tasks the champions will 
face this year have already been examined by Mr. 
Crouch and Mr. Bagman, said Dumbledore as Filch 
placed the chest carefully on the table before him, 

and they have made the necessary arrangements for 
each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced 
throughout the school year, and they will test the 
champions in many different ways . . . their magical 
prowess  their daring  their powers of deduction 
 and, of course, their ability to cope with danger. 

At this last word, the Hall was filled with a silence so 
absolute that nobody seemed to be breathing. 

As you know, three champions compete in the 
tournament, Dumbledore went on calmly, one from 
each of the participating schools. They will be marked 
on how well they perform each of the Tournament 
tasks and the champion with the highest total after 
task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions 
will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of 
Fire. 

Dumbledore now took out his wand and tapped three 
times upon the top of the casket. The lid creaked 
slowly open. Dumbledore reached inside it and pulled 
out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. It would have 
been entirely unremarkable had it not been full to the 
brim with dancing bluewhite flames. 

Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the goblet 
carefully on top of it, where it would be clearly visible 
to everyone in the Hall. 

Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion 
must write their name and school clearly upon a slip 
of parchment and drop it into the goblet, said 
Dumbledore. Aspiring champions have twentyfour 
hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow 
  283 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




night, Halloween, the goblet will return the names of 
the three it has judged most worthy to represent their 
schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall 
tonight, where it will be freely accessible to all those 
wishing to compete. 

To ensure that no underage student yields to 
temptation, said Dumbledore, I will be drawing an 
Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been 
placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of 
seventeen will be able to cross this line. 

Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to 
compete that this tournament is not to be entered 
into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by 
the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the 
tournament through to the end. The placing of your 
name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical 
contract. There can be no change of heart once you 
have become a champion. Please be very sure, 
therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to 
play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, 

I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all. 

An Age Line! Fred Weasley said, his eyes glinting, as 
they all made their way across the Hall to the doors 
into the entrance hall. Well, that should be fooled by 
an Aging Potion, shouldnt it? And once your names 
in that goblet, youre laughing  it cant tell whether 
youre seventeen or not! 

But I dont think anyone under seventeen will stand 
a chance, said Hermione, we just havent learned 
enough ... 

Speak for yourself, said George shortly. Youll try 
and get in, wont you, Harry? 



  284 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry thought briefly of Dumbledore s insistence that 
nobody under seventeen should submit their name, 
but then the wonderful picture of himself winning the 
Triwizard Tournament filled his mind again. ... He 
wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if 
someone younger than seventeen did find a way to get 
over the Age Line. ... 

Where is he? said Ron, who wasnt listening to a 
word of this conversation, but looking through the 
crowd to see what had become of Krum. Dumbledore 
didnt say where the Durmstrang people are sleeping, 
did he? 

But this query was answered almost instantly; they 
were level with the Slytherin table now, and Karkaroff 
had just bustled up to his students. 

Back to the ship, then, he was saying. Viktor, how 
are you feeling? Did you eat enough? Should I send 
for some mulled wine from the kitchens? 

Harry saw Krum shake his head as he pulled his furs 
back on. 

Professor, I vood like some vine, said one of the 
other Durmstrang boys hopefully. 

I wasnt offering it to you, Poliakoff, snapped 
Karkaroff, his warmly paternal air vanishing in an 
instant. I notice you have dribbled food all down the 
front of your robes again, disgusting boy   

Karkaroff turned and led his students toward the 
doors, reaching them at exactly the same moment as 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Harry stopped to let him 
walk through first. 



  285 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Thank you, said Karkaroff carelessly, glancing at 
him. 

And then Karkaroff froze. He turned his head back to 
Harry and stared at him as though he couldnt believe 
his eyes. Behind their headmaster, the students from 
Durmstrang came to a halt too. Karkaroff s eyes 
moved slowly up Harrys face and fixed upon his scar. 
The Durmstrang students were staring curiously at 
Harry too. Out of the corner of his eye, Harry saw 
comprehension dawn on a few of their faces. The boy 
with food all down his front nudged the girl next to 
him and pointed openly at Harrys forehead. 

Yeah, thats Harry Potter, said a growling voice from 
behind them. 

Professor Karkaroff spun around. MadEye Moody 
was standing there, leaning heavily on his staff, his 
magical eye glaring unblinkingly at the Durmstrang 
headmaster. 

The color drained from Karkaroffs face as Harry 
watched. A terrible look of mingled fury and fear came 
over him. 

You! he said, staring at Moody as though unsure he 
was really seeing him. 

Me, said Moody grimly. And unless youve got 
anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want 
to move. Youre blocking the doorway. 

It was true; half the students in the Hall were now 
waiting behind them, looking over one anothers 
shoulders to see what was causing the holdup. 

Without another word, Professor Karkaroff swept his 
students away with him. Moody watched him until he 

  286 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




was out of sight, his magical eye fixed upon his back, 
a look of intense dislike upon his mutilated face. 



As the next day was Saturday, most students would 
normally have breakfasted late. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione, however, were not alone in rising much 
earlier than they usually did on weekends. When they 
went down into the entrance hall, they saw about 
twenty people milling around it, some of them eating 
toast, all examining the Goblet of Fire. It had been 
placed in the center of the hall on the stool that 
normally bore the Sorting Hat. A thin golden line had 
been traced on the floor, forming a circle ten feet 
around it in every direction. 

Anyone put their name in yet? Ron asked a third 
year girl eagerly. 

All the Durmstrang lot, she replied. But I havent 
seen anyone from Hogwarts yet. 

Bet some of them put it in last night after wed all 
gone to bed, said Harry. I wouldve if it had been me 
... wouldnt have wanted everyone watching. What if 
the goblet just gobbed you right back out again? 

Someone laughed behind Harry. Turning, he saw 
Fred, George, and Lee Jordan hurrying down the 
staircase, all three of them looking extremely excited. 

Done it, Fred said in a triumphant whisper to Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione. Just taken it. 

What? said Ron. 

The Aging Potion, dung brains, said Fred. 



  287 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




One drop each, said George, rubbing his hands 
together with glee. We only need to be a few months 
older. 



Were going to split the thousand Galleons between 
the three of us if one of us wins, said Lee, grinning 
broadly. 

Im not sure this is going to work, you know, said 
Hermione warningly Im sure Dumbledore will have 
thought of this. 

Fred, George, and Lee ignored her. 

Ready? Fred said to the other two, quivering with 
excitement. Cmon, then  Ill go first   

Harry watched, fascinated, as Fred pulled a slip of 
parchment out of his pocket bearing the words Fred 
Weasley  Hog warts. Fred walked right up to the 
edge of the line and stood there, rocking on his toes 
like a diver preparing for a fiftyfoot drop. Then, with 
the eyes of every person in the entrance hall upon 
him, he took a great breath and stepped over the line. 

For a split second Harry thought it had worked  
George certainly thought so, for he let out a yell of 
triumph and leapt after Fred  but next moment, 
there was a loud sizzling sound, and both twins were 
hurled out of the golden circle as though they had 
been thrown by an invisible shotputter. They landed 
painfully, ten feet away on the cold stone floor, and to 
add insult to injury, there was a loud popping noise, 
and both of them sprouted identical long white 
beards. 

The entrance hall rang with laughter. Even Fred and 
George joined in, once they had gotten to their feet 
and taken a good look at each others beards. 

  288 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I did warn you, said a deep, amused voice, and 
everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore coming 
out of the Great Hall. He surveyed Fred and George, 
his eyes twinkling. I suggest you both go up to 
Madam Pomfrey. She is already tending to Miss 
Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, of 
Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves 
up a little too. Though I must say, neither of their 
beards is anything like as fine as yours. 

Fred and George set off for the hospital wing, 
accompanied by Lee, who was howling with laughter, 
and Harry, Ron, and Hermione, also chortling, went 
in to breakfast. 

The decorations in the Great Hall had changed this 
morning. As it was Halloween, a cloud of live bats was 
fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while 
hundreds of carved pumpkins leered from every 
corner. Harry led the way over to Dean and Seamus, 
who were discussing those Hogwarts students of 
seventeen or over who might be entering. 

Theres a rumor going around that Warrington got up 
early and put his name in, Dean told Harry. That 
big bloke from Slytherin who looks like a sloth. 

Harry, who had played Quidditch against Warrington, 
shook his head in disgust. 

We cant have a Slytherin champion! 

And all the Hufflepuffs are talking about Diggory, 
said Seamus contemptuously. But I wouldnt have 
thought hed have wanted to risk his good looks. 

Listen! said Hermione suddenly. 



  289 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




People were cheering out in the entrance hall. They all 
swiveled around in their seats and saw Angelina 
Johnson coming into the Hall, grinning in an 
embarrassed sort of way. A tall black girl who played 
Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina 
came over to them, sat down, and said, Well, Ive 
done it! Just put my name in! 

Youre kidding! said Ron, looking impressed. 

Are you seventeen, then? asked Harry. 

 Course she is, cant see a beard, can you? said 
Ron. 

I had my birthday last week, said Angelina. 

Well, Im glad someone from Gryffindors entering, 
said Hermione. I really hope you get it, Angelina! 

Thanks, Hermione, said Angelina, smiling at her. 

Yeah, better you than PrettyBoy Diggory, said 
Seamus, causing several Hufflepuffs passing their 
table to scowl heavily at him. 

Whatre we going to do today, then? Ron asked 
Harry and Hermione when they had finished 
breakfast and were leaving the Great Hall. 

We havent been down to visit Hagrid yet, said 
Harry. 

Okay, said Ron, just as long as he doesnt ask us to 
donate a few fingers to the skrewts. 

A look of great excitement suddenly dawned on 
Hermione s face. 



  290 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ive just realized  I havent asked Hagrid to join 
S.P.E.W. yet! she said brightly. Wait for me, will 
you, while I nip upstairs and get the badges? 

What is it with her? said Ron, exasperated, as 
Hermione ran away up the marble staircase. 

Hey, Ron, said Harry suddenly. Its your friend ... 

The students from Beauxbatons were coming through 
the front doors from the grounds, among them, the 
veelagirl. Those gathered around the Goblet of Fire 
stood back to let them pass, watching eagerly. 

Madame Maxime entered the hall behind her students 
and organized them into a line. One by one, the 
Beauxbatons students stepped across the Age Line 
and dropped their slips of parchment into the blue 
white flames. As each name entered the fire, it turned 
briefly red and emitted sparks. 

What dyou reckonll happen to the ones who arent 
chosen? Ron muttered to Harry as the veelagirl 
dropped her parchment into the Goblet of Fire. 
Reckon theyll go back to school, or hang around to 
watch the tournament? 

Dunno, said Harry. Hang around, I suppose. ... 
Madame Maximes staying to judge, isnt she? 

When all the Beauxbatons students had submitted 
their names, Madame Maxime led them back out of 
the hall and out onto the grounds again. 

Where are they sleeping, then? said Ron, moving 
toward the front doors and staring after them. 



  291 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A loud rattling noise behind them announced 
Hermiones reappearance with the box of S.P.E.W. 
badges. 

Oh good, hurry up, said Ron, and he jumped down 
the stone steps, keeping his eyes on the back of the 
veelagirl, who was now halfway across the lawn with 
Madame Maxime. 

As they neared Hagrids cabin on the edge of the 
Forbidden Forest, the mystery of the Beauxbatons 
sleeping quarters was solved. The gigantic powder 
blue carriage in which they had arrived had been 
parked two hundred yards from Hagrids front door, 
and the students were climbing back inside it. The 
elephantine flying horses that had pulled the carriage 
were now grazing in a makeshift paddock alongside it. 

Harry knocked on Hagrids door, and Fangs booming 
barks answered instantly 

 Bout time! said Hagrid, when hed flung open the 
door. Thought you lotd forgotten where I live! 

Weve been really busy, Hag   Hermione started to 
say, but then she stopped dead, looking up at Hagrid, 
apparently lost for words. 

Hagrid was wearing his best (and very horrible) hairy 
brown suit, plus a checked yellowandorange tie. 

This wasnt the worst of it, though; he had evidently 
tried to tame his hair, using large quantities of what 
appeared to be axle grease. It was now slicked down 
into two bunches  perhaps he had tried a ponytail 
like Bills, but found he had too much hair. The look 
didnt really suit Hagrid at all. For a moment, 
Hermione goggled at him, then, obviously deciding 
not to comment, she said, Erm  where are the 
skrewts? 

  292 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Out by the pumpkin patch, said Hagrid happily. 
Theyre gettin massive, mus be nearly three foot 
long now. Ony trouble is, theyve started killin each 
other. 

Oh no, really? said Hermione, shooting a repressive 
look at Ron, who, staring at Hagrids odd hairstyle, 
had just opened his mouth to say something about it. 

Yeah, said Hagrid sadly.  S okay, though, Ive got 
em in separate boxes now. Still got abou twenty. 

Well, thats lucky, said Ron. Hagrid missed the 
sarcasm. 

Hagrids cabin comprised a single room, in one corner 
of which was a gigantic bed covered in a patchwork 
quilt. A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs 
stood in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cured 
hams and dead birds hanging from the ceiling. They 
sat down at the table while Hagrid started to make 
tea, and were soon immersed in yet more discussion 
of the Triwizard Tournament. Hagrid seemed quite as 
excited about it as they were. 

You wait, he said, grinning. You jus wait. Yer going 
ter see some stuff yehve never seen before. Firs task 
... ah, but Im not supposed ter say. 

Go on, Hagrid! Harry, Ron, and Hermione urged 
him, but he just shook his head, grinning. 

I don want ter spoil it fer yeh, said Hagrid. But its 
gonna be spectacular, Ill tell yeh that. Them 
champions re going ter have their work cut out. Never 
thought Id live ter see the Triwizard Tournament 
played again! 



  293 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They ended up having lunch with Hagrid, though they 
didnt eat much  Hagrid had made what he said was 
a beef casserole, but after Hermione unearthed a 
large talon in hers, she, Harry, and Ron rather lost 
their appetites. However, they enjoyed themselves 
trying to make Hagrid tell them what the tasks in the 
tournament were going to be, speculating which of 
the entrants were likely to be selected as champions, 
and wondering whether Fred and George were 
beardless yet. 

A light rain had started to fall by midafternoon; it was 
very cozy sitting by the fire, listening to the gentle 
patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid 
darning his socks and arguing with Hermione about 
houseelves  for he flatly refused to join S.P.E.W. 
when she showed him her badges. 

Itd be doin em an unkindness, Hermione, he said 
gravely, threading a massive bone needle with thick 
yellow yarn. Its in their nature ter look after 
humans, thats what they like, see? Yehd be makin 
em unhappy ter take away their work, an insultin 
em if yeh tried ter pay em. 

But Harry set Dobby free, and he was over the moon 
about it! said Hermione. And we heard hes asking 
for wages now! 

Yeah, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed. Im not 
sayin there isnt the odd elf whod take freedom, but 
yehll never persuade most of em ter do it  no, 
nothin doin, Hermione. 

Hermione looked very cross indeed and stuffed her 
box of badges back into her cloak pocket. 

By half past five it was growing dark, and Ron, Harry, 
and Hermione decided it was time to get back up to 

  294 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the castle for the Halloween feast  and, more 
important, the announcement of the school 
champions. 

Ill come with yeh, said Hagrid, putting away his 
darning. Jus give us a sec. 

Hagrid got up, went across to the chest of drawers 
beside his bed, and began searching for something 
inside it. They didnt pay too much attention until a 
truly horrible smell reached their nostrils. Coughing, 
Ron said, Hagrid, whats that? 

Eh? said Hagrid, turning around with a large bottle 
in his hand. Don yeh like it? 

Is that aftershave? said Hermione in a slightly 
choked voice. 

Er  eau de cologne, Hagrid muttered. He was 
blushing. Maybe its a bit much, he said gruffly. Ill 
go take it off, hang on . . . 

He stumped out of the cabin, and they saw him 
washing himself vigorously in the water barrel outside 
the window. 

Eau de cologne? said Hermione in amazement. 
Hagrid? 

And whats with the hair and the suit? said Harry in 
an undertone. 

Look! said Ron suddenly, pointing out of the 
window. 

Hagrid had just straightened up and turned round. If 
he had been blushing before, it was nothing to what 
he was doing now. Getting to their feet very 

  295 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




cautiously, so that Hagrid wouldnt spot them, Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and 
saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons 
students had just emerged from their carriage, clearly 
about to set off for the feast too. They couldnt hear 
what Hagrid was saying, but he was talking to 
Madame Maxime with a rapt, mistyeyed expression 
Harry had only ever seen him wear once before  
when he had been looking at the baby dragon, 

Norbert. 

Hes going up to the castle with her! said Hermione 
indignantly. I thought he was waiting for us! 

Without so much as a backward glance at his cabin, 
Hagrid was trudging off up the grounds with Madame 
Maxime, the Beauxbatons students following in their 
wake, jogging to keep up with their enormous strides. 

He fancies her! said Ron incredulously. Well, if they 
end up having children, theyll be setting a world 
record  bet any baby of theirs would weigh about a 
ton. 

They let themselves out of the cabin and shut the 
door behind them. It was surprisingly dark outside. 
Drawing their cloaks more closely around themselves, 
they set off up the sloping lawns. 

Ooh its them, look! Hermione whispered. 

The Durmstrang party was walking up toward the 
castle from the lake. Viktor Krum was walking side by 
side with Karkaroff, and the other Durmstrang 
students were straggling along behind them. Ron 
watched Krum excitedly, but Krum did not look 
around as he reached the front doors a little ahead of 
Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through 
them. 

  296 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




When they entered the candlelit Great Hall it was 
almost full. The Goblet of Fire had been moved; it was 
now standing in front of Dumbledore s empty chair at 
the teachers table. Fred and George  cleanshaven 
again  seemed to have taken their disappointment 
fairly well. 

Hope its Angelina, said Fred as Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione sat down. 

So do I! said Hermione breathlessly. Well, well 
soon know! 

The Halloween feast seemed to take much longer than 
usual. Perhaps because it was their second feast in 
two days, Harry didnt seem to fancy the 
extravagantly prepared food as much as he would 
have normally. Like everyone else in the Hall, judging 
by the constantly craning necks, the impatient 
expressions on every face, the fidgeting, and the 
standing up to see whether Dumbledore had finished 
eating yet, Harry simply wanted the plates to clear, 
and to hear who had been selected as champions. 

At long last, the golden plates returned to their 
original spotless state; there was a sharp upswing in 
the level of noise within the Hall, which died away 
almost instantly as Dumbledore got to his feet. On 
either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame 
Maxime looked as tense and expectant as anyone. 
Ludo Bagman was beaming and winking at various 
students. Mr. Crouch, however, looked quite 
uninterested, almost bored. 

Well, the goblet is almost ready to make its decision, 
said Dumbledore. I estimate that it requires one 
more minute. Now, when the champions names are 
called, I would ask them please to come up to the top 
of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through 
  297 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




into the next chamber  he indicated the door 
behind the staff table  where they will be receiving 
their first instructions. 

He took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave 
with it; at once, all the candles except those inside the 
carved pumpkins were extinguished, plunging them 
into a state of semidarkness. The Goblet of Fire now 
shone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, 
the sparkling bright, blueywhiteness of the flames 
almost painful on the eyes. Everyone watched, 
waiting. ... A few people kept checking their watches. 



Any second, Lee Jordan whispered, two seats away 
from Harry. 

The flames inside the goblet turned suddenly red 
again. Sparks began to fly from it. Next moment, a 
tongue of flame shot into the air, a charred piece of 
parchment fluttered out of it  the whole room 
gasped. 

Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment and held 
it at arms length, so that he could read it by the light 
of the flames, which had turned back to bluewhite. 

The champion for Durmstrang, he read, in a strong, 
clear voice, will be Viktor Krum. 

No surprises there! yelled Ron as a storm of 
applause and cheering swept the Hall. Harry saw 
Viktor Krum rise from the Slytherin table and slouch 
up toward Dumbledore; he turned right, walked along 
the staff table, and disappeared through the door into 
the next chamber. 



  298 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Bravo, Viktor! boomed Karkaroff, so loudly that 
everyone could hear him, even over all the applause. 
Knew you had it in you! 

The clapping and chatting died down. Now everyones 
attention was focused again on the goblet, which, 
seconds later, turned red once more. A second piece 
of parchment shot out of it, propelled by the flames. 

The champion for Beauxbatons, said Dumbledore, 

is Fleur Delacour! 

Its her, Ron! Harry shouted as the girl who so 
resembled a veela got gracefully to her feet, shook 
back her sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up 
between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables. 

Oh look, theyre all disappointed, Hermione said 
over the noise, nodding toward the remainder of the 
Beauxbatons party. Disappointed was a bit of an 
understatement, Harry thought. Two of the girls who 
had not been selected had dissolved into tears and 
were sobbing with their heads on their arms. 

When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the side 
chamber, silence fell again, but this time it was a 
silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste 
it. The Hogwarts champion next ... 

And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more; sparks 
showered out of it; the tongue of flame shot high into 
the air, and from its tip Dumbledore pulled the third 
piece of parchment. 

The Hogwarts champion, he called, is Cedric 
Diggory! 

No! said Ron loudly, but nobody heard him except 
Harry; the uproar from the next table was too great. 

  299 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Every single Hufflepuff had jumped to his or her feet, 
screaming and stamping, as Cedric made his way 
past them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward 
the chamber behind the teachers table. Indeed, the 
applause for Cedric went on so long that it was some 
time before Dumbledore could make himself heard 
again. 

Excellent! Dumbledore called happily as at last the 
tumult died down. Well, we now have our three 
champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, 
including the remaining students from Beauxbatons 
and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce 
of support you can muster. By cheering your 
champion on, you will contribute in a very real   

But Dumbledore suddenly stopped speaking, and it 
was apparent to everybody what had distracted him. 

The fire in the goblet had just turned red again. 
Sparks were flying out of it. A long flame shot 
suddenly into the air, and borne upon it was another 
piece of parchment. 

Automatically, it seemed, Dumbledore reached out a 
long hand and seized the parchment. He held it out 
and stared at the name written upon it. There was a 
long pause, during which Dumbledore stared at the 
slip in his hands, and everyone in the room stared at 
Dumbledore. And then Dumbledore cleared his throat 
and read out  

 Harry Potter. 



  300 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   





THE FOUR CHAMPIONS 

Harry sat there, aware that every head in the Great 
Hall had turned to look at him. He was stunned. He 
felt numb. He was surely dreaming. He had not heard 
correctly. 

There was no applause. A buzzing, as though of angry 
bees, was starting to fill the Hall; some students were 
standing up to get a better look at Harry as he sat, 
frozen, in his seat. 

Up at the top table, Professor McGonagall had got to 
her feet and swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor 
Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor 
Dumbledore, who bent his ear toward her, frowning 
slightly. 

Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond them, he 
saw the long Gryffindor table all watching him, 
openmouthed. 

I didnt put my name in, Harry said blankly. You 
know I didnt. 

  301 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Both of them stared just as blankly back. 

At the top table, Professor Dumbledore had 
straightened up, nodding to Professor McGonagall. 

Harry Potter! he called again. Harry! Up here, if you 
please! 

Go on, Hermione whispered, giving Harry a slight 
push. 

Harry got to his feet, trod on the hem of his robes, 
and stumbled slightly. He set off up the gap between 
the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables. It felt like an 
immensely long walk; the top table didnt seem to be 
getting any nearer at all, and he could feel hundreds 
and hundreds of eyes upon him, as though each were 
a searchlight. The buzzing grew louder and louder. 
After what seemed like an hour, he was right in front 
of Dumbledore, feeling the stares of all the teachers 
upon him. 

Well ... through the door, Harry, said Dumbledore. 
He wasnt smiling. 

Harry moved off along the teachers table. Hagrid was 
seated right at the end. He did not wink at Harry, or 
wave, or give any of his usual signs of greeting. He 
looked completely astonished and stared at Harry as 
he passed like everyone else. Harry went through the 
door out of the Great Hall and found himself in a 
smaller room, lined with paintings of witches and 
wizards. A handsome fire was roaring in the fireplace 
opposite him. 

The faces in the portraits turned to look at him as he 
entered. He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame 
of her picture and into the one next to it, which 



  302 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




contained a wizard with a walrus mustache. The 
wizened witch started whispering in his ear. 

Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour 
were grouped around the fire. They looked strangely 
impressive, silhouetted against the flames. Krum, 
hunchedup and brooding, was leaning against the 
mantelpiece, slightly apart from the other two. Cedric 
was standing with his hands behind his back, staring 
into the fire. Fleur Delacour looked around when 
Harry walked in and threw back her sheet of long, 
silvery hair. 

What is it? she said. Do zey want us back in ze 
Hall? 

She thought he had come to deliver a message. Harry 
didnt know how to explain what had just happened. 
He just stood there, looking at the three champions. It 
struck him how very tall all of them were. 

There was a sound of scurrying feet behind him, and 
Ludo Bagman entered the room. He took Harry by the 
arm and led him forward. 

Extraordinary! he muttered, squeezing Harrys arm. 
Absolutely extraordinary! Gentlemen ... lady, he 
added, approaching the fireside and addressing the 
other three. May I introduce  incredible though it 
may seem  the fourth Triwizard champion? 

Viktor Krum straightened up. His surly face darkened 
as he surveyed Harry. Cedric looked nonplussed. He 
looked from Bagman to Harry and back again as 
though sure he must have misheard what Bagman 
had said. Fleur Delacour, however, tossed her hair, 
smiling, and said, Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester 
Bagman. 



  303 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Joke? Bagman repeated, bewildered. No, no, not at 
all! Harrys name just came out of the Goblet of Fire! 

Krums thick eyebrows contracted slightly. Cedric was 
still looking politely bewildered. Fleur frowned. 

But evidently zair as been a mistake, she said 
contemptuously to Bagman.  E cannot compete. E is 
too young. 

Well ... it is amazing, said Bagman, rubbing his 
smooth chin and smiling down at Harry. But, as you 
know, the age restriction was only imposed this year 
as an extra safety measure. And as his names come 
out of the goblet ... I mean, I dont think there can be 
any ducking out at this stage. ... Its down in the 
rules, youre obliged ... Harry will just have to do the 
best he   

The door behind them opened again, and a large 
group of people came in: Professor Dumbledore, 
followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, 
Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and 
Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the 
hundreds of students on the other side of the wall, 
before Professor McGonagall closed the door. 

Madame Maxime! said Fleur at once, striding over to 
her headmistress. Zey are saying zat zis little boy is 
to compete also! 

Somewhere under Harrys numb disbelief he felt a 
ripple of anger. Little boy ? 

Madame Maxime had drawn herself up to her full, 
and considerable, height. The top of her handsome 
head brushed the candlefilled chandelier, and her 
gigantic blacksatin bosom swelled. 



  304 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What is ze meaning of zis, Dumblydorr? she said 
imperiously. 

Id rather like to know that myself, Dumbledore, 
said Professor Karkaroff. He was wearing a steely 
smile, and his blue eyes were like chips of ice. Two 
Hogwarts champions? I dont remember anyone 
telling me the host school is allowed two champions 
 or have I not read the rules carefully enough? 

He gave a short and nasty laugh. 

Cest impossible, said Madame Maxime, whose 
enormous hand with its many superb opals was 
resting upon Fleurs shoulder.  Ogwarts cannot ave 
two champions. It is most injust. 

We were under the impression that your Age Line 
would keep out younger contestants, Dumbledore, 
said Karkaroff, his steely smile still in place, though 
his eyes were colder than ever. Otherwise, we would, 
of course, have brought along a wider selection of 
candidates from our own schools. 

Its no ones fault but Potters, Karkaroff, said Snape 
softly. His black eyes were alight with malice. Dont 
go blaming Dumbledore for Potters determination to 
break rules. He has been crossing lines ever since he 
arrived here   

Thank you, Severus, said Dumbledore firmly, and 
Snape went quiet, though his eyes still glinted 
malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair. 

Professor Dumbledore was now looking down at 
Harry, who looked right back at him, trying to discern 
the expression of the eyes behind the halfmoon 
spectacles. 



  305 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, 
Harry? he asked calmly. 

No, said Harry. He was very aware of everybody 
watching him closely. Snape made a soft noise of 
impatient disbelief in the shadows. 

Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet 
of Fire for you? said Professor Dumbledore, ignoring 
Snape. 

No, said Harry vehemently. 

Ah, but of course e is lying! cried Madame Maxime. 
Snape was now shaking his head, his lip curling. 

He could not have crossed the Age Line, said 
Professor McGonagall sharply. I am sure we are all 
agreed on that   

Dumblydorr must ave made a mistake wiz ze line, 
said Madame Maxime, shrugging. 

It is possible, of course, said Dumbledore politely 

Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not 
make a mistake! said Professor McGonagall angrily. 
Really, what nonsense! Harry could not have crossed 
the line himself, and as Professor Dumbledore 
believes that he did not persuade an older student to 
do it for him, Im sure that should be good enough for 
everybody else! 

She shot a very angry look at Professor Snape. 

Mr. Crouch ... Mr. Bagman, said Karkaroff, his voice 
unctuous once more, you are our  er  objective 
judges. Surely you will agree that this is most 
irregular? 

  306 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Bagman wiped his round, boyish face with his 
handkerchief and looked at Mr. Crouch, who was 
standing outside the circle of the firelight, his face 
half hidden in shadow. He looked slightly eerie, the 
half darkness making him look much older, giving 
him an almost skulllike appearance. When he spoke, 
however, it was in his usual curt voice. 

We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly 
that those people whose names come out of the 
Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the 
tournament. 

Well, Barty knows the rule book back to front, said 
Bagman, beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and 
Madame Maxime, as though the matter was now 
closed. 

I insist upon resubmitting the names of the rest of 
my students, said Karkaroff. He had dropped his 
unctuous tone and his smile now. His face wore a 
very ugly look indeed. You will set up the Goblet of 
Fire once more, and we will continue adding names 
until each school has two champions. Its only fair, 
Dumbledore. 

But Karkaroff, it doesnt work like that, said 
Bagman. The Goblet of Fires just gone out  it wont 
reignite until the start of the next tournament   

  in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be 
competing! exploded Karkaroff. After all our 
meetings and negotiations and compromises, I little 
expected something of this nature to occur! I have 
half a mind to leave now! 

Empty threat, Karkaroff, growled a voice from near 
the door. You cant leave your champion now. Hes 
got to compete. Theyve all got to compete. Binding 

  307 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




magical contract, like Dumbledore said. Convenient, 
eh? 



Moody had just entered the room. He limped toward 
the fire, and with every right step he took, there was a 
loud clunk. 

Convenient? said Karkaroff. Im afraid I dont 
understand you, Moody. 

Harry could tell he was trying to sound disdainful, as 
though what Moody was saying was barely worth his 
notice, but his hands gave him away; they had balled 
themselves into fists. 

Dont you? said Moody quietly. Its very simple, 
Karkaroff. Someone put Potters name in that goblet 
knowing hed have to compete if it came out. 

Evidently, someone oo wished to give Ogwarts two 
bites at ze apple! said Madame Maxime. 

I quite agree, Madame Maxime, said Karkaroff, 
bowing to her. I shall be lodging complaints with the 
Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation 
of Wizards   

If anyones got reason to complain, its Potter, 
growled Moody, but ... funny thing ... I dont hear 
him saying a word. ... 

Why should e complain? burst out Fleur Delacour, 
stamping her foot.  E as ze chance to compete, asnt 
e? We ave all been oping to be chosen for weeks and 
weeks! Ze honor for our schools! A thousand Galleons 
in prize money  zis is a chance many would die for! 

Maybe someones hoping Potter is going to die for it, 
said Moody, with the merest trace of a growl. 

  308 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




An extremely tense silence followed these words. Ludo 
Bagman, who was looking very anxious indeed, 
bounced nervously up and down on his feet and said, 
Moody, old man ... what a thing to say! 

We all know Professor Moody considers the morning 
wasted if he hasnt discovered six plots to murder him 
before lunchtime, said Karkaroff loudly. Apparently 
he is now teaching his students to fear assassination 
too. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark 
Arts teacher, Dumbledore, but no doubt you had your 
reasons. 

Imagining things, am I? growled Moody. Seeing 
things, eh? It was a skilled witch or wizard who put 
the boys name in that goblet. ... 

Ah, what evidence is zere of zat? said Madame 
Maxime, throwing up her huge hands. 

Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical 
object! said Moody. It would have needed an 
exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle 
that goblet into forgetting that only three schools 
compete in the tournament. ... Im guessing they 
submitted Potters name under a fourth school, to 
make sure he was the only one in his category. ... 

You seem to have given this a great deal of thought, 
Moody, said Karkaroff coldly, and a very ingenious 
theory it is  though of course, I heard you recently 
got it into your head that one of your birthday 
presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk 
egg, and smashed it to pieces before realizing it was a 
carriage clock. So youll understand if we dont take 
you entirely seriously. ... 

There are those wholl turn innocent occasions to 
their advantage, Moody retorted in a menacing voice. 

  309 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Its my job to think the way Dark wizards do, 
Karkaroff  as you ought to remember. ... 

Alas tor! said Dumbledore warningly. Harry 
wondered for a moment whom he was speaking to, 
but then realized MadEye could hardly be Moodys 
real first name. Moody fell silent, though still 
surveying Karkaroff with satisfaction  Karkaroffs 
face was burning. 

How this situation arose, we do not know, said 
Dumbledore, speaking to everyone gathered in the 
room. It seems to me, however, that we have no 
choice but to accept it. Both Cedric and Harry have 
been chosen to compete in the Tournament. This, 
therefore, they will do. ... 

Ah, but Dumblydorr   

My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, 

I would be delighted to hear it. 

Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime did not 
speak, she merely glared. She wasnt the only one 
either. Snape looked furious; Karkaroff livid; Bagman, 
however, looked rather excited. 

Well, shall we crack on, then? he said, rubbing his 
hands together and smiling around the room. Got to 
give our champions their instructions, havent we? 
Barty, want to do the honors? 

Mr. Crouch seemed to come out of a deep reverie. 

Yes, he said, instructions. Yes ... the first task ... 

He moved forward into the firelight. Close up, Harry 
thought he looked ill. There were dark shadows 
beneath his eyes and a thin, papery look about his 

  310 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




wrinkled skin that had not been there at the 
Quidditch World Cup. 

The first task is designed to test your daring, he told 
Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, so we are not going 
to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the 
unknown is an important quality in a wizard . . . very 
important. ... 

The first task will take place on November the 
twentyfourth, in front of the other students and the 
panel of judges. 

The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept 
help of any kind from their teachers to complete the 
tasks in the tournament. The champions will face the 
first challenge armed only with their wands. They will 
receive information about the second task when the 
first is over. Owing to the demanding and time 
consuming nature of the tournament, the champions 
are exempted from endofyear tests. 

Mr. Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore. 

I think thats all, is it, Albus? 

I think so, said Dumbledore, who was looking at Mr. 
Crouch with mild concern. Are you sure you 
wouldnt like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty? 

No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry, 
said Mr. Crouch. It is a very busy, very difficult time 
at the moment. ... Ive left young Weatherby in 
charge. ... Very enthusiastic ... a little 
overenthusiastic, if truth be told. ... 

Youll come and have a drink before you go, at 
least? said Dumbledore. 



  311 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Come on, Barty, Im staying! said Bagman brightly. 
Its all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much 
more exciting here than at the office! 

I think not, Ludo, said Crouch with a touch of his 
old impatience. 

Professor Karkaroff  Madame Maxime  a 
nightcap? said Dumbledore. 

But Madame Maxime had already put her arm 
around Fleurs shoulders and was leading her swiftly 
out of the room. Harry could hear them both talking 
very fast in French as they went off into the Great 
Hall. Karkaroff beckoned to Krum, and they, too, 
exited, though in silence. 

Harry, Cedric, I suggest you go up to bed, said 
Dumbledore, smiling at both of them. I am sure 
Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with 
you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this 
excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and 
noise. 

Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left 
together. 

The Great Hall was deserted now; the candles had 
burned low, giving the jagged smiles of the pumpkins 
an eerie, flickering quality. 

So, said Cedric, with a slight smile. Were playing 
against each other again! 

I spose, said Harry. He really couldnt think of 
anything to say. The inside of his head seemed to be 
in complete disarray, as though his brain had been 
ransacked. 



  312 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




So ... tell me ... said Cedric as they reached the 
entrance hall, which was now lit only by torches in 
the absence of the Goblet of Fire. How did you get 
your name in? 

I didnt, said Harry, staring up at him. I didnt put 
it in. I was telling the truth. 

Ah ... okay, said Cedric. Harry could tell Cedric 
didnt believe him. Well ... see you, then. 

Instead of going up the marble staircase, Cedric 
headed for a door to its right. Harry stood listening to 
him going down the stone steps beyond it, then, 
slowly, he started to climb the marble ones. 

Was anyone except Ron and Hermione going to 
believe him, or would they all think hed put himself 
in for the tournament? Yet how could anyone think 
that, when he was facing competitors whod had three 
years more magical education than he had  when 
he was now facing tasks that not only sounded very 
dangerous, but which were to be performed in front of 
hundreds of people? Yes, hed thought about it ... hed 
fantasized about it ... but it had been a joke, really, 
an idle sort of dream ... hed never really, seriously 
considered entering. ... 

But someone else had considered it ... someone else 
had wanted him in the tournament, and had made 
sure he was entered. Why? To give him a treat? He 
didnt think so, somehow. ... 

To see him make a fool of himself? Well, they were 
likely to get their wish. ... 

But to get him killed? 



  313 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Was Moody just being his usual paranoid self? 
Couldnt someone have put Harrys name in the 
goblet as a trick, a practical joke? Did anyone really 
want him dead? 

Harry was able to answer that at once. Yes, someone 
wanted him dead, someone had wanted him dead 
ever since he had been a year old ... Lord Voldemort. 
But how could Voldemort have ensured that Harrys 
name got into the Goblet of Fire? Voldemort was 
supposed to be far away, in some distant country, in 
hiding, alone ... feeble and powerless. ... 

Yet in that dream he had had, just before he had 
awoken with his scar hurting, Voldemort had not 
been alone ... he had been talking to Wormtail ... 
plotting Harrys murder. . . . 

Harry got a shock to find himself facing the Fat Lady 
already. He had barely noticed where his feet were 
carrying him. It was also a surprise to see that she 
was not alone in her frame. The wizened witch who 
had flitted into her neighbors painting when he had 
joined the champions downstairs was now sitting 
smugly beside the Fat Lady. She must have dashed 
through every picture lining seven staircases to reach 
here before him. Both she and the Fat Lady were 
looking down at him with the keenest interest. 

Well, well, well, said the Fat Lady, Violets just told 
me everything. Whos just been chosen as school 
champion, then? 

Balderdash, said Harry dully. 

It most certainly isnt! said the pale witch 
indignantly. 



  314 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, no, Vi, its the password, said the Fat Lady 
soothingly, and she swung forward on her hinges to 
let Harry into the common room. 

The blast of noise that met Harrys ears when the 
portrait opened almost knocked him backward. Next 
thing he knew, he was being wrenched inside the 
common room by about a dozen pairs of hands, and 
was facing the whole of Gryffindor House, all of whom 
were screaming, applauding, and whistling. 

You shouldve told us youd entered! bellowed Fred; 
he looked half annoyed, half deeply impressed. 

How did you do it without getting a beard? Brilliant! 
roared George. 

I didnt, Harry said. I dont know how   

But Angelina had now swooped down upon him; Oh 
if it couldnt be me, at least its a Gryffindor   

Youll be able to pay back Diggory for that last 
Quidditch match, Harry! shrieked Katie Bell, another 
of the Gryffindor Chasers. 

Weve got food, Harry, come and have some   

Im not hungry, I had enough at the feast   

But nobody wanted to hear that he wasnt hungry; 
nobody wanted to hear that he hadnt put his name in 
the goblet; not one single person seemed to have 
noticed that he wasnt at all in the mood to celebrate. 
... Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner 
from somewhere, and he insisted on draping it 
around Harry like a cloak. Harry couldnt get away; 
whenever he tried to sidle over to the staircase up to 
the dormitories, the crowd around him closed ranks, 
  315 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




forcing another butterbeer on him, stuffing crisps and 
peanuts into his hands. ... Everyone wanted to know 
how he had done it, how he had tricked Dumbledores 
Age Line and managed to get his name into the 
goblet. ... 

I didnt, he said, over and over again, I dont know 
how it happened. 

But for all the notice anyone took, he might just as 
well not have answered at all. 

Im tired! he bellowed finally, after nearly half an 
hour. No, seriously, George  Im going to bed   

He wanted more than anything to find Ron and 
Hermione, to find a bit of sanity, but neither of them 
seemed to be in the common room. Insisting that he 
needed to sleep, and almost flattening the little 
Creevey brothers as they attempted to waylay him at 
the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake 
everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as 
he could. 

To his great relief, he found Ron was lying on his bed 
in the otherwise empty dormitory, still fully dressed. 
He looked up when Harry slammed the door behind 
him. 

Where ve you been? Harry said. 

Oh hello, said Ron. 

He was grinning, but it was a very odd, strained sort 
of grin. Harry suddenly became aware that he was 
still wearing the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee 
had tied around him. He hastened to take it off, but it 
was knotted very tightly. Ron lay on the bed without 
moving, watching Harry struggle to remove it. 

  316 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




So, he said, when Harry had finally removed the 
banner and thrown it into a corner. 

Congratulations .  

What dyou mean, congratulations? said Harry, 
staring at Ron. There was definitely something wrong 
with the way Ron was smiling: It was more like a 
grimace. 

Well ... no one else got across the Age Line, said 
Ron. Not even Fred and George. What did you use  
the Invisibility Cloak? 

The Invisibility Cloak wouldnt have got me over that 
line, said Harry slowly. 

Oh right, said Ron. I thought you mightve told me 
if it was the cloak ... because it wouldve covered both 
of us, wouldnt it? But you found another way, did 
you? 

Listen, said Harry, I didnt put my name in that 
goblet. Someone else mustve done it. 

Ron raised his eyebrows. 

What would they do that for? 

I dunno, said Harry. He felt it would sound very 
melodramatic to say, To kill me. 

Rons eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger 
of disappearing into his hair. 

Its okay, you know, you can tell me the truth, he 
said. If you dont want everyone else to know, fine, 
but I dont know why youre bothering to lie, you 
didnt get into trouble for it, did you? That friend of 
the Fat Ladys, that Violet, shes already told us all 
  317 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Dumbledores letting you enter. A thousand Galleons 
prize money, eh? And you dont have to do endof 
year tests either. ... 

I didnt put my name in that goblet! said Harry, 
starting to feel angry. 

Yeah, okay, said Ron, in exactly the same sceptical 
tone as Cedric. Only you said this morning youd 
have done it last night, and no one wouldve seen you. 
... Im not stupid, you know. 

Youre doing a really good impression of it, Harry 
snapped. 

Yeah? said Ron, and there was no trace of a grin, 
forced or otherwise, on his face now. You want to get 
to bed, Harry. I expect youll need to be up early 
tomorrow for a photocall or something. 

He wrenched the hangings shut around his four 
poster, leaving Harry standing there by the door, 
staring at the dark red velvet curtains, now hiding 
one of the few people he had been sure would believe 
him. 



  318 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE WEIGHING OF THE WANDS 

When Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it took him 
a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and 
worried. Then the memory of the previous night rolled 
over him. He sat up and ripped back the curtains of 
his own fourposter, intending to talk to Ron, to force 
Ron to believe him  only to find that Rons bed was 
empty; he had obviously gone down to breakfast. 

Harry dressed and went down the spiral staircase into 
the common room. The moment he appeared, the 
people who had already finished breakfast broke into 
applause again. The prospect of going down into the 
Great Hall and facing the rest of the Gryffindors, all 
treating him like some sort of hero, was not inviting; 
it was that, however, or stay here and allow himself to 
be cornered by the Creevey brothers, who were both 
beckoning frantically to him to join them. He walked 
resolutely over to the portrait hole, pushed it open, 
climbed out of it, and found himself facetoface with 
Hermione. 



  319 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Hello, she said, holding up a stack of toast, which 
she was carrying in a napkin. I brought you this. ... 
Want to go for a walk? 

Good idea, said Harry gratefully. 

They went downstairs, crossed the entrance hall 
quickly without looking in at the Great Hall, and were 
soon striding across the lawn toward the lake, where 
the Durmstrang ship was moored, reflected blackly in 
the water. It was a chilly morning, and they kept 
moving, munching their toast, as Harry told 
Hermione exactly what had happened after he had left 
the Gryffindor table the night before. To his immense 
relief, Hermione accepted his story without question. 

Well, of course I knew you hadnt entered yourself, 
she said when hed finished telling her about the 
scene in the chamber off the Hall. The look on your 
face when Dumbledore read out your name! But the 
question is, who did put it in? Because Moodys right, 
Harry ... I dont think any student could have done it 
... theyd never be able to fool the Goblet, or get over 
Dumbledore s   

Have you seen Ron? Harry interrupted. 

Hermione hesitated. 

Erm ... yes ... he was at breakfast, she said. 

Does he still think I entered myself? 

Well ... no, I dont think so ... not really, said 
Hermione awkwardly. 

Whats that supposed to mean, not really? 



  320 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh Harry, isnt it obvious? Hermione said 
despairingly. Hes jealous! 



Jealous? Harry said incredulously. Jealous of 
what? He wants to make a prat of himself in front of 
the whole school, does he? 

Look, said Hermione patiently, its always you who 
gets all the attention, you know it is. I know its not 
your fault, she added quickly, seeing Harry open his 
mouth furiously. I know you dont ask for it ... but  
well  you know, Rons got all those brothers to 
compete against at home, and youre his best friend, 
and youre really famous  hes always shunted to 
one side whenever people see you, and he puts up 
with it, and he never mentions it, but I suppose this 
is just one time too many. ... 

Great, said Harry bitterly. Really great. Tell him 
from me Ill swap any time he wants. Tell him from 
me hes welcome to it. ... People gawping at my 
forehead everywhere I go. ... 

Im not telling him anything, Hermione said shortly. 
Tell him yourself. Its the only way to sort this out. 

Im not running around after him trying to make him 
grow up! Harry said, so loudly that several owls in a 
nearby tree took flight in alarm. Maybe hell believe 
Im not enjoying myself once Ive got my neck broken 
or   



Thats not funny, said Hermione quietly. Thats not 
funny at all. She looked extremely anxious. Harry, 
Ive been thinking  you know what weve got to do, 
dont you? Straight away, the moment we get back to 
the castle? 

Yeah, give Ron a good kick up the   

  321 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Write to Sirius. Youve got to tell him whats 
happened. He asked you to keep him posted on 
everything thats going on at Hogwarts. ... Its almost 
as if he expected something like this to happen. I 
brought some parchment and a quill out with me   

Come off it, said Harry, looking around to check 
that they couldnt be overheard, but the grounds were 
quite deserted. He came back to the country just 
because my scar twinged. Hell probably come 
bursting right into the castle if I tell him someones 
entered me in the Triwizard Tournament   

Hed want you to tell him, said Hermione sternly. 
Hes going to find out anyway   

How? 

Harry, this isnt going to be kept quiet, said 
Hermione, very seriously. This tournaments famous, 
and youre famous. Ill be really surprised if there isnt 
anything in the Daily Prophet about you competing. . . . 
Youre already in half the books about YouKnow 
Who, you know ... and Sirius would rather hear it 
from you, I know he would. 

Okay, okay, Ill write to him, said Harry, throwing 
his last piece of toast into the lake. They both stood 
and watched it floating there for a moment, before a 
large tentacle rose out of the water and scooped it 
beneath the surface. Then they returned to the castle. 

Whose owl am I going to use? Harry said as they 
climbed the stairs. He told me not to use Hedwig 
again. 

Ask Ron if you can borrow   

Im not asking Ron for anything, Harry said flatly. 

  322 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, borrow one of the school owls, then, anyone 
can use them, said Hermione. 

They went up to the Owlery Hermione gave Harry a 
piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then 
strolled around the long lines of perches, looking at 
all the different owls, while Harry sat down against a 
wall and wrote his letter. 

Dear Sirius, 

You told me to keep you posted on whats happening 
at Hogwarts, so here goes  I dont know if youve 
heard, but the Triwizard Tournaments happening this 
year and on Saturday night I got picked as a fourth 
champion. I dont know who put my name in the Goblet 
of Fire, because I didnt The other Hogwarts champion 
is Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff 

He paused at this point, thinking. He had an urge to 
say something about the large weight of anxiety that 
seemed to have settled inside his chest since last 
night, but he couldnt think how to translate this into 
words, so he simply dipped his quill back into the ink 
bottle and wrote, 

Hope youre okay, and Buckbeak  Harry 



Finished, he told Hermione, getting to his feet and 
brushing straw off his robes. At this, Hedwig came 
fluttering down onto his shoulder and held out her 
leg. 

I cant use you, Harry told her, looking around for 
the school owls. Ive got to use one of these. ... 



  323 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hedwig gave a very loud hoot and took off so suddenly 
that her talons cut into his shoulder. She kept her 
back to Harry all the time he was tying his letter to 
the leg of a large barn owl. When the barn owl had 
flown off, Harry reached out to stroke Hedwig, but she 
clicked her beak furiously and soared up into the 
rafters out of reach. 

First Ron, then you, said Harry angrily.  This isnt 
my fault. 

If Harry had thought that matters would improve 
once everyone got used to the idea of him being 
champion, the following day showed him how 
mistaken he was. He could no longer avoid the rest of 
the school once he was back at lessons  and it was 
clear that the rest of the school, just like the 
Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered himself for 
the tournament. Unlike the Gryffindors, however, 
they did not seem impressed. 

The Hufflepuffs, who were usually on excellent terms 
with the Gryffindors, had turned remarkably cold 
toward the whole lot of them. One Herbology lesson 
was enough to demonstrate this. It was plain that the 
Hufflepuffs felt that Harry had stolen their 
champions glory; a feeling exacerbated, perhaps, by 
the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely got any 
glory, and that Cedric was one of the few who had 
ever given them any, having beaten Gryffindor once at 
Quidditch. Ernie Macmillan and Justin Finch 
Fletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, 
did not talk to him even though they were repotting 
Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray  though they did 
laugh rather unpleasantly when one of the Bouncing 
Bulbs wriggled free from Harrys grip and smacked 
him hard in the face. Ron wasnt talking to Harry 
either. Hermione sat between them, making very 
forced conversation, but though both answered her 
  324 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




normally, they avoided making eye contact with each 
other. Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed 
distant with him  but then, she was Head of 
Hufflepuff House. 

He would have been looking forward to seeing Hagrid 
under normal circumstances, but Care of Magical 
Creatures meant seeing the Slytherins too  the first 
time he would come facetoface with them since 
becoming champion. 

Predictably, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid s cabin with his 
familiar sneer firmly in place. 

Ah, look, boys, its the champion, he said to Crabbe 
and Goyle the moment he got within earshot of Harry. 
Got your autograph books? Better get a signature 
now, because I doubt hes going to be around much 
longer. ... Half the Triwizard champions have died ... 
how long dyou reckon youre going to last, Potter? 

Ten minutes into the first tasks my bet. 

Crabbe and Goyle guffawed sycophantically, but 
Malfoy had to stop there, because Hagrid emerged 
from the back of his cabin balancing a teetering tower 
of crates, each containing a very large BlastEnded 
Skrewt. To the classs horror, Hagrid proceeded to 
explain that the reason the skrewts had been killing 
one another was an excess of pentup energy, and 
that the solution would be for each student to fix a 
leash on a skrewt and take it for a short walk. The 
only good thing about this plan was that it distracted 
Malfoy completely. 

Take this thing for a walk? he repeated in disgust, 
staring into one of the boxes. And where exactly are 
we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the 
blasting end, or the sucker? 



  325 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Roun the middle, said Hagrid, demonstrating. Er 
 yeh might want ter put on yer dragonhide gloves, 
jus as an extra precaution, like. Harry  you come 
here an help me with this big one. ... 

Hagrids real intention, however, was to talk to Harry 
away from the rest of the class. He waited until 
everyone else had set off with their skrewts, then 
turned to Harry and said, very seriously, So  yer 
competin, Harry. In the tournament. School 
champion. 

One of the champions, Harry corrected him. 

Hagrids beetleblack eyes looked very anxious under 
his wild eyebrows. 

No idea who put yeh in fer it, Harry? 

You believe I didnt do it, then? said Harry, 
concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude he felt 
at Hagrids words. 

 Course I do, Hagrid grunted. Yeh say it wasn you, 
an I believe yeh  an Dumbledore believes yer, an 
all. 

Wish I knew who did do it, said Harry bitterly. 

The pair of them looked out over the lawn; the class 
was widely scattered now, and all in great difficulty. 
The skrewts were now over three feet long, and 
extremely powerful. No longer shellless and colorless, 
they had developed a kind of thick, grayish, shiny 
armor. They looked like a cross between giant 
scorpions and elongated crabs  but still without 
recognizable heads or eyes. They had become 
immensely strong and very hard to control. 



  326 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Look like theyre havin fun, don they? Hagrid said 
happily. Harry assumed he was talking about the 
skrewts, because his classmates certainly werent; 
every now and then, with an alarming bang, one of 
the skrewts ends would explode, causing it to shoot 
forward several yards, and more than one person was 
being dragged along on their stomach, trying 
desperately to get back on their feet. 

Ah, I don know, Harry, Hagrid sighed suddenly, 
looking back down at him with a worried expression 
on his face. School champion ... everythin seems ter 
happen ter you, doesn it? 

Harry didnt answer. Yes, everything did seem to 
happen to him ... that was more or less what 
Hermione had said as they had walked around the 
lake, and that was the reason, according to her, that 
Ron was no longer talking to him. 

The next few days were some of Harrys worst at 
Hogwarts. The closest he had ever come to feeling like 
this had been during those months, in his second 
year, when a large part of the school had suspected 
him of attacking his fellow students. But Ron had 
been on his side then. He thought he could have 
coped with the rest of the schools behavior if he could 
just have had Ron back as a friend, but he wasnt 
going to try and persuade Ron to talk to him if Ron 
didnt want to. Nevertheless, it was lonely with dislike 
pouring in on him from all sides. 

He could understand the Hufflepuffs attitude, even if 
he didnt like it; they had their own champion to 
support. He expected nothing less than vicious 
insults from the Slytherins  he was highly 
unpopular there and always had been, because he 
had helped Gryffindor beat them so often, both at 
Quidditch and in the InterHouse Championship. But 
  327 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




he had hoped the Ravenclaws might have found it in 
their hearts to support him as much as Cedric. He 
was wrong, however. Most Ravenclaws seemed to 
think that he had been desperate to earn himself a bit 
more fame by tricking the goblet into accepting his 
name. 

Then there was the fact that Cedric looked the part of 
a champion so much more than he did. Exceptionally 
handsome, with his straight nose, dark hair, and gray 
eyes, it was hard to say who was receiving more 
admiration these days, Cedric or Viktor Krum. Harry 
actually saw the same sixthyear girls who had been 
so keen to get Krums autograph begging Cedric to 
sign their school bags one lunchtime. 

Meanwhile there was no reply from Sirius, Hedwig 
was refusing to come anywhere near him, Professor 
Trelawney was predicting his death with even more 
certainty than usual, and he did so badly at 
Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwicks class that 
he was given extra homework  the only person to 
get any, apart from Neville. 

Its really not that difficult, Harry, Hermione tried to 
reassure him as they left Flitwicks class  she had 
been making objects zoom across the room to her all 
lesson, as though she were some sort of weird magnet 
for board dusters, wastepaper baskets, and 
lunascopes. You just werent concentrating properly 



Wonder why that was, said Harry darkly as Cedric 
Diggory walked past, surrounded by a large group of 
simpering girls, all of whom looked at Harry as 
though he were a particularly large BlastEnded 
Skrewt. Still  never mind, eh? Double Potions to 
look forward to this afternoon. ... 



  328 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Double Potions was always a horrible experience, but 
these days it was nothing short of torture. Being shut 
in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and 
the Slytherins, all of whom seemed determined to 
punish Harry as much as possible for daring to 
become school champion, was about the most 
unpleasant thing Harry could imagine. He had 
already struggled through one Fridays worth, with 
Hermione sitting next to him intoning ignore them, 
ignore them, ignore them under her breath, and he 
couldnt see why today should be any better. 

When he and Hermione arrived at Snape s dungeon 
after lunch, they found the Slytherins waiting outside, 
each and every one of them wearing a large badge on 
the front of his or her robes. For one wild moment 
Harry thought they were S.P.E.W. badges  then he 
saw that they all bore the same message, in luminous 
red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit 
underground passage: 

Support CEDRIC DIGGORY  

The REAL Hogwarts Champion 

Like them, Potter? said Malfoy loudly as Harry 
approached. And this isnt all they do  look! 

He pressed his badge into his chest, and the message 
upon it vanished, to be replaced by another one, 
which glowed green: 

POTTER STINKS 

The Slytherins howled with laughter. Each of them 
pressed their badges too, until the message POTTER 
STINKS was shining brightly all around Harry. He felt 
the heat rise in his face and neck. 



  329 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh very funny, Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy 
Parkinson and her gang of Slytherin girls, who were 
laughing harder than anyone, really witty. 

Ron was standing against the wall with Dean and 
Seamus. He wasnt laughing, but he wasnt sticking 
up for Harry either. 

Want one, Granger? said Malfoy, holding out a 
badge to Hermione. Ive got loads. But dont touch 
my hand, now. Ive just washed it, you see; dont want 
a Mudblood sliming it up. 

Some of the anger Harry had been feeling for days 
and days seemed to burst through a dam in his chest. 
He had reached for his wand before hed thought 
what he was doing. People all around them scrambled 
out of the way, backing down the corridor. 

Harry! Hermione said warningly. 

Go on, then, Potter, Malfoy said quietly, drawing out 
his own wand. Moodys not here to look after you 
now  do it, if youve got the guts   

For a split second, they looked into each others eyes, 
then, at exactly the same time, both acted. 

 FurnunculusV Harry yelled. 

 DensaugeoV screamed Malfoy. 

Jets of light shot from both wands, hit each other in 
midair, and ricocheted off at angles  Harrys hit 
Goyle in the face, and Malfoys hit Hermione. Goyle 
bellowed and put his hands to his nose, where great 
ugly boils were springing up  Hermione, whimpering 
in panic, was clutching her mouth. 



  330 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione! 



Ron had hurried forward to see what was wrong with 
her; Harry turned and saw Ron dragging Hermione s 
hand away from her face. It wasnt a pretty sight. 
Hermione s front teeth  already larger than average 
 were now growing at an alarming rate; she was 
looking more and more like a beaver as her teeth 
elongated, past her bottom lip, toward her chin  
panicstricken, she felt them and let out a terrified 
cry. 

And what is all this noise about? said a soft, deadly 
voice. 

Snape had arrived. The Slytherins clamored to give 
their explanations; Snape pointed a long yellow finger 
at Malfoy and said, Explain. 

Potter attacked me, sir   

We attacked each other at the same time! Harry 
shouted. 

  and he hit Goyle  look   

Snape examined Goyle, whose face now resembled 
something that would have been at home in a book 
on poisonous fungi. 

Hospital wing, Goyle, Snape said calmly. 

Malfoy got Hermione! Ron said. Loo/d 

He forced Hermione to show Snape her teeth  she 
was doing her best to hide them with her hands, 
though this was difficult as they had now grown down 
past her collar. Pansy Parkinson and the other 



  331 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Slytherin girls were doubled up with silent giggles, 
pointing at Hermione from behind Snape s back. 

Snape looked coldly at Hermione, then said, I see no 
difference. 

Hermione let out a whimper; her eyes filled with tears, 
she turned on her heel and ran, ran all the way up 
the corridor and out of sight. 

It was lucky, perhaps, that both Harry and Ron 
started shouting at Snape at the same time; lucky 
their voices echoed so much in the stone corridor, for 
in the confused din, it was impossible for him to hear 
exactly what they were calling him. He got the gist, 
however. 

Lets see, he said, in his silkiest voice. Fifty points 
from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and 
Weasley. Now get inside, or itll be a weeks worth of 
detentions. 

Harrys ears were ringing. The injustice of it made 
him want to curse Snape into a thousand slimy 
pieces. He passed Snape, walked with Ron to the 
back of the dungeon, and slammed his bag down onto 
the table. Ron was shaking with anger too  for a 
moment, it felt as though everything was back to 
normal between them, but then Ron turned and sat 
down with Dean and Seamus instead, leaving Harry 
alone at his table. On the other side of the dungeon, 
Malfoy turned his back on Snape and pressed his 
badge, smirking. POTTER STINKS flashed once more 
across the room. 

Harry sat there staring at Snape as the lesson began, 
picturing horrific things happening to him. ... If only 
he knew how to do the Cruciatus Curse ... hed have 



  332 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Snape flat on his back like that spider, jerking and 
twitching. ... 

Antidotes! said Snape, looking around at them all, 
his cold black eyes glittering unpleasantly. You 
should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you 
to brew them carefully, and then, we will be selecting 
someone on whom to test one. ... 

Snapes eyes met Harrys, and Harry knew what was 
coming. Snape was going to poison him. Harry 
imagined picking up his cauldron, and sprinting to 
the front of the class, and bringing it down on Snapes 
greasy head  

And then a knock on the dungeon door burst in on 
Harrys thoughts. 

It was Colin Creevey; he edged into the room, 
beaming at Harry, and walked up to Snapes desk at 
the front of the room. 

Yes? said Snape curtly. 

Please, sir, Im supposed to take Harry Potter 
upstairs. 

Snape stared down his hooked nose at Colin, whose 
smile faded from his eager face. 

Potter has another hour of Potions to complete, said 
Snape coldly. He will come upstairs when this class 
is finished. 

Colin went pink. 

Sir  sir, Mr. Bagman wants him, he said 
nervously. All the champions have got to go, I think 
they want to take photographs. ... 

  333 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry would have given anything he owned to have 
stopped Colin saying those last few words. He 
chanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron was staring 
determinedly at the ceiling. 

Very well, very well, Snape snapped. Potter, leave 
your things here, I want you back down here later to 
test your antidote. 

Please, sir  hes got to take his things with him, 
squeaked Colin. All the champions   

Very well\ said Snape. Potter  take your bag and 
get out of my sight! 

Harry swung his bag over his shoulder, got up, and 
headed for the door. As he walked through the 
Slytherin desks, POTTER STINKS flashed at him from 
every direction. 

Its amazing, isnt it, Harry? said Colin, starting to 
speak the moment Harry had closed the dungeon 
door behind him. Isnt it, though? You being 
champion? 

Yeah, really amazing, said Harry heavily as they set 
off toward the steps into the entrance hall. What do 
they want photos for, Colin? 

The Daily Prophet, I think! 

Great, said Harry dully. Exactly what I need. More 
publicity. 

Good luck! said Colin when they had reached the 
right room. Harry knocked on the door and entered. 

He was in a fairly small classroom; most of the desks 
had been pushed away to the back of the room, 

  334 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




leaving a large space in the middle; three of them, 
however, had been placed endtoend in front of the 
blackboard and covered with a long length of velvet. 
Five chairs had been set behind the velvetcovered 
desks, and Ludo Bagman was sitting in one of them, 
talking to a witch Harry had never seen before, who 
was wearing magenta robes. 

Viktor Krum was standing moodily in a corner as 
usual and not talking to anybody. Cedric and Fleur 
were in conversation. Fleur looked a good deal 
happier than Harry had seen her so far; she kept 
throwing back her head so that her long silvery hair 
caught the light. A paunchy man, holding a large 
black camera that was smoking slightly, was 
watching Fleur out of the corner of his eye. 

Bagman suddenly spotted Harry, got up quickly, and 
bounded forward. 

Ah, here he is! Champion number four! In you come, 
Harry, in you come ... nothing to worry about, its just 
the wand weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges 
will be here in a moment   

Wand weighing? Harry repeated nervously. 

We have to check that your wands are fully 
functional, no problems, you know, as theyre your 
most important tools in the tasks ahead, said 
Bagman. The experts upstairs now with 
Dumbledore. And then theres going to be a little 
photo shoot. This is Rita Skeeter, he added, 
gesturing toward the witch in magenta robes. Shes 
doing a small piece on the tournament for the Daily 
Prophet ... 

Maybe not that small, Ludo, said Rita Skeeter, her 
eyes on Harry. 

  335 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Her hair was set in elaborate and curiously rigid curls 
that contrasted oddly with her heavyjawed face. She 
wore jeweled spectacles. The thick fingers clutching 
her crocodileskin handbag ended in twoinch nails, 
painted crimson. 

I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry 
before we start? she said to Bagman, but still gazing 
fixedly at Harry. The youngest champion, you know 
... to add a bit of color? 

Certainly! cried Bagman. That is  if Harry has no 
objection? 

Er   said Harry. 

Lovely, said Rita Skeeter, and in a second, her 
scarlettaloned fingers had Harrys upper arm in a 
surprisingly strong grip, and she was steering him 
out of the room again and opening a nearby door. 

We dont want to be in there with all that noise, she 
said. Lets see ... ah, yes, this is nice and cozy. 

It was a broom cupboard. Harry stared at her. 

Come along, dear  thats right  lovely, said Rita 
Skeeter again, perching herself precariously upon an 
upturned bucket, pushing Harry down onto a 
cardboard box, and closing the door, throwing them 
into darkness. Lets see now ... 

She unsnapped her crocodileskin handbag and 
pulled out a handful of candles, which she lit with a 
wave of her wand and magicked into midair, so that 
they could see what they were doing. 

You wont mind, Harry, if I use a QuickQuotes 
Quill? It leaves me free to talk to you normally. ... 

  336 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A what? said Harry. 



Rita Skeeters smile widened. Harry counted three 
gold teeth. She reached again into her crocodile bag 
and drew out a long acidgreen quill and a roll of 
parchment, which she stretched out between them on 
a crate of Mrs. Skowers AllPurpose Magical Mess 
Remover. She put the tip of the green quill into her 
mouth, sucked it for a moment with apparent relish, 
then placed it upright on the parchment, where it 
stood balanced on its point, quivering slightly. 

Testing ... my name is Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet 
reporter. 

Harry looked down quickly at the quill. The moment 
Rita Skeeter had spoken, the green quill had started 
to scribble, skidding across the parchment: 

Attractive blonde Rita Skeeter, fortythree, whose 
savage quill has punctured many inflated reputations 



Lovely, said Rita Skeeter, yet again, and she ripped 
the top piece of parchment off, crumpled it up, and 
stuffed it into her handbag. Now she leaned toward 
Harry and said, So, Harry ... what made you decide 
to enter the Triwizard Tournament? 

Er   said Harry again, but he was distracted by the 
quill. Even though he wasnt speaking, it was dashing 
across the parchment, and in its wake he could make 
out a fresh sentence: 

An ugly scar, souvenir of a tragic past, disfigures the 
otherwise charming face of Harry Potter, whose eyes 



  337 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ignore the quill, Harry, said Rita Skeeter firmly. 
Reluctantly, Harry looked up at her instead. Now  
why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry? 

I didnt, said Harry. I dont know how my name got 
into the Goblet of Fire. I didnt put it in there. 

Rita Skeeter raised one heavily penciled eyebrow. 

Come now, Harry, theres no need to be scared of 
getting into trouble. We all know you shouldnt really 
have entered at all. But dont worry about that. Our 
readers love a rebel. 

But I didnt enter, Harry repeated. I dont know 
who   

How do you feel about the tasks ahead? said Rita 
Skeeter. Excited? Nervous? 

I havent really thought ... yeah, nervous, I suppose, 
said Harry. His insides squirmed uncomfortably as he 
spoke. 

Champions have died in the past, havent they? said 
Rita Skeeter briskly. Have you thought about that at 
all? 

Well ... they say its going to be a lot safer this year, 
said Harry. 

The quill whizzed across the parchment between 
them, back and forward as though it were skating. 

Of course, youve looked death in the face before, 
havent you? said Rita Skeeter, watching him closely. 
How would you say thats affected you? 

Er, said Harry, yet again. 

  338 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Do you think that the trauma in your past might 
have made you keen to prove yourself? To live up to 
your name? Do you think that perhaps you were 
tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament because 



I didnt enter, said Harry, starting to feel irritated. 

Can you remember your parents at all? said Rita 
Skeeter, talking over him. 

No, said Harry. 

How do you think theyd feel if they knew you were 
competing in the Triwizard Tournament? Proud? 
Worried? Angry? 

Harry was feeling really annoyed now. How on earth 
was he to know how his parents would feel if they 
were alive? He could feel Rita Skeeter watching him 
very intently. Frowning, he avoided her gaze and 
looked down at words the quill had just written: 

Tears fill those startling green eyes as our 
conversation turns to the parents he can barely 
remember. 

I have NOT got tears in my eyes! said Harry loudly. 

Before Rita Skeeter could say a word, the door of the 
broom cupboard was pulled open. Harry looked 
around, blinking in the bright light. Albus 
Dumbledore stood there, looking down at both of 
them, squashed into the cupboard. 

 Dumbledorel cried Rita Skeeter, with every 
appearance of delight  but Harry noticed that her 
quill and the parchment had suddenly vanished from 
the box of Magical Mess Remover, and Ritas clawed 

  339 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




fingers were hastily snapping shut the clasp of her 
crocodileskin bag. How are you? she said, standing 
up and holding out one of her large, mannish hands 
to Dumbledore. I hope you saw my piece over the 
summer about the International Confederation of 
Wizards Conference? 

Enchantingly nasty, said Dumbledore, his eyes 
twinkling. I particularly enjoyed your description of 
me as an obsolete dingbat. 

Rita Skeeter didnt look remotely abashed. 

I was just making the point that some of your ideas 
are a little oldfashioned, Dumbledore, and that many 
wizards in the street   

I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind the 
rudeness, Rita, said Dumbledore, with a courteous 
bow and a smile, but Im afraid we will have to 
discuss the matter later. The Weighing of the Wands 
is about to start, and it cannot take place if one of our 
champions is hidden in a broom cupboard. 

Very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter, Harry 
hurried back into the room. The other champions 
were now sitting in chairs near the door, and he sat 
down quickly next to Cedric, looking up at the velvet 
covered table, where four of the five judges were now 
sitting  Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr. 
Crouch, and Ludo Bagman. Rita Skeeter settled 
herself down in a corner; Harry saw her slip the 
parchment out of her bag again, spread it on her 
knee, suck the end of the QuickQuotes Quill, and 
place it once more on the parchment. 

May I introduce Mr. Ollivander? said Dumbledore, 
taking his place at the judges table and talking to the 
champions. He will be checking your wands to 

  340 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




ensure that they are in good condition before the 
tournament. 

Harry looked around, and with a jolt of surprise saw 
an old wizard with large, pale eyes standing quietly by 
the window. Harry had met Mr. Ollivander before  
he was the wandmaker from whom Harry had 
bought his own wand over three years ago in Diagon 
Alley. 

Mademoiselle Delacour, could we have you first, 
please? said Mr. Ollivander, stepping into the empty 
space in the middle of the room. 

Fleur Delacour swept over to Mr. Ollivander and 
handed him her wand. 

Hmmm ... he said. 

He twirled the wand between his long fingers like a 
baton and it emitted a number of pink and gold 
sparks. Then he held it close to his eyes and 
examined it carefully. 

Yes, he said quietly, nine and a half inches ... 
inflexible . . . rosewood . . . and containing . . . dear me 



An air from ze ead of a veela, said Fleur. One of 
my grandmuzzers. 

So Fleur was part veela, thought Harry, making a 
mental note to tell Ron . . . then he remembered that 
Ron wasnt speaking to him. 

Yes, said Mr. Ollivander, yes, Ive never used veela 
hair myself, of course. I find it makes for rather 
temperamental wands . . . however, to each his own, 
and if this suits you ... 

  341 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mr. Ollivander ran his fingers along the wand, 
apparently checking for scratches or bumps; then he 
muttered,  OrchideousV and a bunch of flowers burst 
from the wand tip. 

Very well, very well, its in fine working order, said 
Mr. Ollivander, scooping up the flowers and handing 
them to Fleur with her wand. Mr. Diggory, you next. 

Fleur glided back to her seat, smiling at Cedric as he 
passed her. 

Ah, now, this is one of mine, isnt it? said Mr. 
Ollivander, with much more enthusiasm, as Cedric 
handed over his wand. Yes, I remember it well. 
Containing a single hair from the tail of a particularly 
fine male unicorn . . . must have been seventeen 
hands; nearly gored me with his horn after I plucked 
his tail. Twelve and a quarter inches ... ash ... 
pleasantly springy. Its in fine condition. ... You treat 
it regularly? 

Polished it last night, said Cedric, grinning. 

Harry looked down at his own wand. He could see 
finger marks all over it. He gathered a fistful of robe 
from his knee and tried to rub it clean surreptitiously. 
Several gold sparks shot out of the end of it. Fleur 
Delacour gave him a very patronizing look, and he 
desisted. 

Mr. Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings 
across the room from the tip of Cedrics wand, 
pronounced himself satisfied, and then said, Mr. 
Krum, if you please. 

Viktor Krum got up and slouched, roundshouldered 
and duckfooted, toward Mr. Ollivander. He thrust 



  342 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




out his wand and stood scowling, with his hands in 
the pockets of his robes. 



Hmm, said Mr. Ollivander, this is a Gregorovitch 
creation, unless Im much mistaken? A fine wand 
maker, though the styling is never quite what I . . . 
however ... 

He lifted the wand and examined it minutely, turning 
it over and over before his eyes. 

Yes . . . hornbeam and dragon heartstring? he shot at 
Krum, who nodded. Rather thicker than one usually 
sees . . . quite rigid . . . ten and a quarter inches . . . 

Avis'. 

The hornbeam wand let off a blast like a gun, and a 
number of small, twittering birds flew out of the end 
and through the open window into the watery 
sunlight. 

Good, said Mr. Ollivander, handing Krum back his 
wand. Which leaves ... Mr. Potter. 

Harry got to his feet and walked past Krum to Mr. 
Ollivander. He handed over his wand. 

Aaaah, yes, said Mr. Ollivander, his pale eyes 
suddenly gleaming. Yes, yes, yes. How well I 
remember. 

Harry could remember too. He could remember it as 
though it had happened yesterday. . . 

Four summers ago, on his eleventh birthday, he had 
entered Mr. Ollivanders shop with Hagrid to buy a 
wand. Mr. Ollivander had taken his measurements 
and then started handing him wands to try. Harry 
had waved what felt like every wand in the shop, until 
  343 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




at last he had found the one that suited him  this 
one, which was made of holly, eleven inches long, and 
contained a single feather from the tail of a phoenix. 
Mr. Ollivander had been very surprised that Harry 
had been so compatible with this wand. Curious, he 
had said, curious, and not until Harry asked what 
was curious had Mr. Ollivander explained that the 
phoenix feather in Harrys wand had come from the 
same bird that had supplied the core of Lord 
Voldemorts. 

Harry had never shared this piece of information with 
anybody. He was very fond of his wand, and as far as 
he was concerned its relation to Voldemorts wand 
was something it couldnt help  rather as he 
couldnt help being related to Aunt Petunia. However, 
he really hoped that Mr. Ollivander wasnt about to 
tell the room about it. He had a funny feeling Rita 
Skeeters QuickQuotes Quill might just explode with 
excitement if he did. 

Mr. Ollivander spent much longer examining Harrys 
wand than anyone elses. Eventually, however, he 
made a fountain of wine shoot out of it, and handed it 
back to Harry, announcing that it was still in perfect 
condition. 

Thank you all, said Dumbledore, standing up at the 
judges table. You may go back to your lessons now 
 or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to 
dinner, as they are about to end   

Feeling that at last something had gone right today, 
Harry got up to leave, but the man with the black 
camera jumped up and cleared his throat. 

Photos, Dumbledore, photos! cried Bagman 
excitedly. All the judges and champions, what do you 
think, Rita? 

  344 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Er  yes, lets do those first, said Rita Skeeter, 
whose eyes were upon Harry again. And then 
perhaps some individual shots. 

The photographs took a long time. Madame Maxime 
cast everyone else into shadow wherever she stood, 
and the photographer couldnt stand far enough back 
to get her into the frame; eventually she had to sit 
while everyone else stood around her. Karkaroff kept 
twirling his goatee around his finger to give it an extra 
curl; Krum, whom Harry would have thought would 
have been used to this sort of thing, skulked, half 
hidden, at the back of the group. The photographer 
seemed keenest to get Fleur at the front, but Rita 
Skeeter kept hurrying forward and dragging Harry 
into greater prominence. Then she insisted on 
separate shots of all the champions. At last, they were 
free to go. 

Harry went down to dinner. Hermione wasnt there  
he supposed she was still in the hospital wing having 
her teeth fixed. He ate alone at the end of the table, 
then returned to Gryffindor Tower, thinking of all the 
extra work on Summoning Charms that he had to do. 
Up in the dormitory, he came across Ron. 

Youve had an owl, said Ron brusquely the moment 
he walked in. He was pointing at Harrys pillow. The 
school barn owl was waiting for him there. 

Oh  right, said Harry. 

And weve got to do our detentions tomorrow night, 
Snapes dungeon, said Ron. 

He then walked straight out of the room, not looking 
at Harry. For a moment, Harry considered going after 
him  he wasnt sure whether he wanted to talk to 
him or hit him, both seemed quite appealing  but 

  345 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the lure of Siriuss answer was too strong. Harry 
strode over to the barn owl, took the letter off its leg, 
and unrolled it. 

Harry  

I cant say everything I would like to in a letter, its too 
risky in case the owl is intercepted  we need to talk 
facetoface. Can you ensure that you are alone by the 
fire in Gryffindor Tower at one oclock in the morning 
on the 22nd of November? 

I know better than anyone that you can look after 
yourself and while youre around Dumbledore and 
Moody I dont think anyone will be able to hurt you. 
However, someone seems to be having a good try. 
Entering you in that tournament would have been very 
risky, especially right under Dumbledore s nose. 

Be on the watch, Harry. I still want to hear about 
anything unusual. Let me know about the 22nd of 
November as quickly as you can. 

Sirius 



  346 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   








THE HUNGARIAN HORNTAIL 

The prospect of talking facetoface with Sirius was all 
that sustained Harry over the next fortnight, the only 
bright spot on a horizon that had never looked 
darker. The shock of finding himself school champion 
had worn off slightly now, and the fear of what was 
facing him had started to sink in. The first task was 
drawing steadily nearer; he felt as though it were 
crouching ahead of him like some horrific monster, 
barring his path. He had never suffered nerves like 
these; they were way beyond anything he had 
experienced before a Quidditch match, not even his 
last one against Slytherin, which had decided who 
would win the Quidditch Cup. Harry was finding it 
hard to think about the future at all; he felt as though 
his whole life had been leading up to, and would 
finish with, the first task. ... 

Admittedly, he didnt see how Sirius was going to 
make him feel any better about having to perform an 
unknown piece of difficult and dangerous magic in 
front of hundreds of people, but the mere sight of a 
friendly face would be something at the moment. 

  347 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Harry wrote back to Sirius saying that he would be 
beside the common room fire at the time Sirius had 
suggested, and he and Hermione spent a long time 
going over plans for forcing any stragglers out of the 
common room on the night in question. If the worst 
came to the worst, they were going to drop a bag of 
Dungbombs, but they hoped they wouldnt have to 
resort to that  Filch would skin them alive. 

In the meantime, life became even worse for Harry 
within the confines of the castle, for Rita Skeeter had 
published her piece about the Triwizard Tournament, 
and it had turned out to be not so much a report on 
the tournament as a highly colored life story of Harry. 
Much of the front  had been given over to a 
picture of Harry; the article (continuing on s two, 
six, and seven) had been all about Harry, the names 
of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang champions 
(misspelled) had been squashed into the last line of 
the article, and Cedric hadnt been mentioned at all. 

The article had appeared ten days ago, and Harry still 
got a sick, burning feeling of shame in his stomach 
every time he thought about it. Rita Skeeter had 
reported him saying an awful lot of things that he 
couldnt remember ever saying in his life, let alone in 
that broom cupboard. 

I suppose I get my strength from my parents. I know 
theyd be very proud of me if they could see me now. 

... Yes, sometimes at night I still cry about them, Im 
not ashamed to admit it. ... I know nothing will hurt 
me during the tournament, because theyre watching 
over me. ... 

But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than 
transforming his ers into long, sickly sentences: 

She had interviewed other people about him too. 



  348 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry has at last found love at Hogwarts. His close 
friend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seen 
out of the company of one Hermione Granger, a 
stunningly pretty Muggleborn girl who, like Harry, is 
one of the top students in the school. 

From the moment the article had appeared, Harry 
had had to endure people  Slytherins, mainly  
quoting it at him as he passed and making sneering 
comments. 

Want a hanky, Potter, in case you start crying in 
Transfiguration? 

Since when have you been one of the top students in 
the school, Potter? Or is this a school you and 
Longbottom have set up together? 

Hey  Harry! 

Yeah, thats right! Harry found himself shouting as 
he wheeled around in the corridor, having had just 
about enough. Ive just been crying my eyes out over 
my dead mum, and Im just off to do a bit more. ... 

No  it was just  you dropped your quill. 

It was Cho. Harry felt the color rising in his face. 

Oh  right  sorry, he muttered, taking the quill 
back. 

Er ... good luck on Tuesday, she said. I really hope 
you do well. 

Which left Harry feeling extremely stupid. 

Hermione had come in for her fair share of 
unpleasantness too, but she hadnt yet started yelling 

  349 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




at innocent bystanders; in fact, Harry was full of 
admiration for the way she was handling the 
situation. 

 Stunningly pretty? Her? Pansy Parkinson had 
shrieked the first time she had come facetoface with 
Hermione after Ritas article had appeared. What was 
she judging against  a chipmunk? 

Ignore it, Hermione said in a dignified voice, holding 
her head in the air and stalking past the sniggering 
Slytherin girls as though she couldnt hear them. 

Just ignore it, Harry. 

But Harry couldnt ignore it. Ron hadnt spoken to 
him at all since he had told him about Snapes 
detentions. Harry had half hoped they would make 
things up during the two hours they were forced to 
pickle rats brains in Snapes dungeon, but that had 
been the day Ritas article had appeared, which 
seemed to have confirmed Rons belief that Harry was 
really enjoying all the attention. 

Hermione was furious with the pair of them; she went 
from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to 
each other, but Harry was adamant: He would talk to 
Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadnt put 
his name in the Goblet of Fire and apologized for 
calling him a liar. 

I didnt start this, Harry said stubbornly. Its his 
problem. 

You miss him! Hermione said impatiently. And I 
know he misses you   

Miss him? said Harry. I dont miss him. ... 



  350 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But this was a downright lie. Harry liked Hermione 
very much, but she just wasnt the same as Ron. 

There was much less laughter and a lot more hanging 
around in the library when Hermione was your best 
friend. Harry still hadnt mastered Summoning 
Charms, he seemed to have developed something of a 
block about them, and Hermione insisted that 
learning the theory would help. They consequently 
spent a lot of time poring over books during their 
lunchtimes. 

Viktor Krum was in the library an awful lot too, and 
Harry wondered what he was up to. Was he studying, 
or was he looking for things to help him through the 
first task? Hermione often complained about Krum 
being there  not that he ever bothered them  but 
because groups of giggling girls often turned up to spy 
on him from behind bookshelves, and Hermione 
found the noise distracting. 

Hes not even goodlooking! she muttered angrily, 
glaring at Krums sharp profile. They only like him 
because hes famous! They wouldnt look twice at him 
if he couldnt do that Wonky Faint thing   

Wronski Feint, said Harry, through gritted teeth. 
Quite apart from liking to get Quidditch terms 
correct, it caused him another pang to imagine Rons 
expression if he could have heard Hermione talking 
about Wonky Faints. 

It is a strange thing, but when you are dreading 
something, and would give anything to slow down 
time, it has a disobliging habit of speeding up. The 
days until the first task seemed to slip by as though 
someone had fixed the clocks to work at double 
speed. Harrys feeling of barely controlled panic was 
with him wherever he went, as everpresent as the 
snide comments about the Daily Prophet article. 

  351 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




On the Saturday before the first task, all students in 
the third year and above were permitted to visit the 
village of Hogsmeade. Hermione told Harry that it 
would do him good to get away from the castle for a 
bit, and Harry didnt need much persuasion. 

What about Ron, though? he said. Dont you want 
to go with him? 

Oh ... well ... Hermione went slightly pink. I 
thought we might meet up with him in the Three 
Broomsticks. ... 

No, said Harry flatly. 

Oh Harry, this is so stupid   

Ill come, but Im not meeting Ron, and Im wearing 
my Invisibility Cloak. 

Oh all right then ... Hermione snapped, but I hate 
talking to you in that cloak, I never know if Im 
looking at you or not. 

So Harry put on his Invisibility Cloak in the 
dormitory, went back downstairs, and together he 
and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade. 

Harry felt wonderfully free under the cloak; he 
watched other students walking past them as they 
entered the village, most of them sporting Support 
Cedric Diggory\ badges, but no horrible remarks came 
his way for a change, and nobody was quoting that 
stupid article. 

People keep looking at me now, said Hermione 
grumpily as they came out of Honeydukes Sweetshop 
later, eating large creamfilled chocolates. They think 
Im talking to myself. 

  352 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dont move your lips so much then. 



Come on, please just take off your cloak for a bit, no 
ones going to bother you here. 

Oh yeah? said Harry. Look behind you. 

Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend had just 
emerged from the Three Broomsticks pub. Talking in 
low voices, they passed right by Hermione without 
looking at her. Harry backed into the wall of 
Honeydukes to stop Rita Skeeter from hitting him 
with her crocodileskin handbag. When they were 
gone, Harry said, Shes staying in the village. I bet 
shes coming to watch the first task. 

As he said it, his stomach flooded with a wave of 
molten panic. He didnt mention this; he and 
Hermione hadnt discussed what was coming in the 
first task much; he had the feeling she didnt want to 
think about it. 

Shes gone, said Hermione, looking right through 
Harry toward the end of the street. Why dont we go 
and have a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks, its a 
bit cold, isnt it? You dont have to talk to Ron! she 
added irritably, correctly interpreting his silence. 

The Three Broomsticks was packed, mainly with 
Hogwarts students enjoying their free afternoon, but 
also with a variety of magical people Harry rarely saw 
anywhere else. Harry supposed that as Hogsmeade 
was the only allwizard village in Britain, it was a bit 
of a haven for creatures like hags, who were not as 
adept as wizards at disguising themselves. 

It was very hard to move through crowds in the 
Invisibility Cloak, in case you accidentally trod on 
someone, which tended to lead to awkward questions. 

  353 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry edged slowly toward a spare table in the corner 
while Hermione went to buy drinks. On his way 
through the pub, Harry spotted Ron, who was sitting 
with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Resisting the urge 
to give Ron a good hard poke in the back of the head, 
he finally reached the table and sat down at it. 

Hermione joined him a moment later and slipped him 
a butterbeer under his cloak. 

I look like such an idiot, sitting here on my own, she 
muttered. Lucky I brought something to do. 

And she pulled out a notebook in which she had been 
keeping a record of S.P.E.W. members. Harry saw his 
and Rons names at the top of the very short list. It 
seemed a long time ago that they had sat making up 
those predictions together, and Hermione had turned 
up and appointed them secretary and treasurer. 

You know, maybe I should try and get some of the 
villagers involved in S.P.E.W., Hermione said 
thoughtfully, looking around the pub. 

Yeah, right, said Harry. He took a swig of butterbeer 
under his cloak. Hermione, when are you going to 
give up on this spew stuff? 

When houseelves have decent wages and working 
conditions! she hissed back. You know, Im starting 
to think its time for more direct action. I wonder how 
you get into the school kitchens? 

No idea, ask Fred and George, said Harry. 

Hermione lapsed into thoughtful silence, while Harry 
drank his butterbeer, watching the people in the pub. 
All of them looked cheerful and relaxed. Ernie 
Macmillan and Hannah Abbott were swapping 

  354 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Chocolate Frog cards at a nearby table; both of them 
sporting Support Cedric Diggory\ badges on their 
cloaks. Right over by the door he saw Cho and a large 
group of her Ravenclaw friends. She wasnt wearing a 
Cedric badge though. ... This cheered up Harry very 
slightly. ... 

What wouldnt he have given to be one of these 
people, sitting around laughing and talking, with 
nothing to worry about but homework? He imagined 
how it would have felt to be here if his name hadnt 
come out of the Goblet of Fire. He wouldnt be wearing 
the Invisibility Cloak, for one thing. Ron would be 
sitting with him. The three of them would probably be 
happily imagining what deadly dangerous task the 
school champions would be facing on Tuesday. Hed 
have been really looking forward to it, watching them 
do whatever it was . . . cheering on Cedric with 
everyone else, safe in a seat at the back of the stands. 



He wondered how the other champions were feeling. 
Every time he had seen Cedric lately, he had been 
surrounded by admirers and looking nervous but 
excited. Harry glimpsed Fleur Delacour from time to 
time in the corridors; she looked exactly as she 
always did, haughty and unruffled. And Krum just 
sat in the library, poring over books. 

Harry thought of Sirius, and the tight, tense knot in 
his chest seemed to ease slightly. He would be 
speaking to him in just over twelve hours, for tonight 
was the night they were meeting at the common room 
fire  assuming nothing went wrong, as everything 
else had done lately. ... 

Look, its Hagrid! said Hermione. 



  355 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The back of Hagrid s enormous shaggy head  he 
had mercifully abandoned his bunches  emerged 
over the crowd. Harry wondered why he hadnt 
spotted him at once, as Hagrid was so large, but 
standing up carefully, he saw that Hagrid had been 
leaning low, talking to Professor Moody. Hagrid had 
his usual enormous tankard in front of him, but 
Moody was drinking from his hip flask. Madam 
Rosmerta, the pretty landlady, didnt seem to think 
much of this; she was looking askance at Moody as 
she collected glasses from tables around them. 
Perhaps she thought it was an insult to her mulled 
mead, but Harry knew better. Moody had told them 
all during their last Defense Against the Dark Arts 
lesson that he preferred to prepare his own food and 
drink at all times, as it was so easy for Dark wizards 
to poison an unattended cup. 

As Harry watched, he saw Hagrid and Moody get up 
to leave. He waved, then remembered that Hagrid 
couldnt see him. Moody, however, paused, his 
magical eye on the corner where Harry was standing. 
He tapped Hagrid in the small of the back (being 
unable to reach his shoulder), muttered something to 
him, and then the pair of them made their way back 
across the pub toward Harry and Hermiones table. 

All right, Hermione? said Hagrid loudly. 

Hello, said Hermione, smiling back. 

Moody limped around the table and bent down; Harry 
thought he was reading the S.P.E.W. notebook, until 
he muttered, Nice cloak, Potter. 

Harry stared at him in amazement. The large chunk 
missing from Moodys nose was particularly obvious 
at a few inches distance. Moody grinned. 



  356 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Can your eye  I mean, can you  ? 



Yeah, it can see through Invisibility Cloaks, Moody 
said quietly. And its come in useful at times, I can 
tell you. 

Hagrid was beaming down at Harry too. Harry knew 
Hagrid couldnt see him, but Moody had obviously 
told Hagrid he was there. Hagrid now bent down on 
the pretext of reading the S.P.E.W. notebook as well, 
and said in a whisper so low that only Harry could 
hear it, Harry, meet me tonight at midnight at me 
cabin. Wear that cloak. 

Straightening up, Hagrid said loudly, Nice ter see 
yeh, Hermione, winked, and departed. Moody 
followed him. 

Why does Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight? 
Harry said, very surprised. 

Does he? said Hermione, looking startled. I wonder 
what hes up to? I dont know whether you should go, 
Harry. ... She looked nervously around and hissed, 

It might make you late for Sirius. 

It was true that going down to Hagrid s at midnight 
would mean cutting his meeting with Sirius very fine 
indeed; Hermione suggested sending Hedwig down to 
Hagrid s to tell him he couldnt go  always assuming 
she would consent to take the note, of course  

Harry, however, thought it better just to be quick at 
whatever Hagrid wanted him for. He was very curious 
to know what this might be; Hagrid had never asked 
Harry to visit him so late at night. 

At half past eleven that evening, Harry, who had 
pretended to go up to bed early, pulled the Invisibility 
Cloak back over himself and crept back downstairs 

  357 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




through the common room. Quite a few people were 
still in there. The Creevey brothers had managed to 
get hold of a stack of Support Cedric Diggoryl badges 
and were trying to bewitch them to make them say 
Support Harry Potter\ instead. So far, however, all they 
had managed to do was get the badges stuck on 
POTTER STINKS. Harry crept past them to the portrait 
hole and waited for a minute or so, keeping an eye on 
his watch. Then Hermione opened the Fat Lady for 
him from outside as they had planned. He slipped 
past her with a whispered Thanks! and set off 
through the castle. 

The grounds were very dark. Harry walked down the 
lawn toward the lights shining in Hagrids cabin. The 
inside of the enormous Beauxbatons carriage was 
also lit up; Harry could hear Madame Maxime talking 
inside it as he knocked on Hagrids front door. 

You there, Harry? Hagrid whispered, opening the 
door and looking around. 

Yeah, said Harry, slipping inside the cabin and 
pulling the cloak down off his head. Whats up? 

Got summat ter show yeh, said Hagrid. 

There was an air of enormous excitement about 
Hagrid. He was wearing a flower that resembled an 
oversized artichoke in his buttonhole. It looked as 
though he had abandoned the use of axle grease, but 
he had certainly attempted to comb his hair  Harry 
could see the combs broken teeth tangled in it. 

Whatre you showing me? Harry said warily, 
wondering if the skrewts had laid eggs, or Hagrid had 
managed to buy another giant threeheaded dog off a 
stranger in a pub. 



  358 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Come with me, keep quiet, an keep yerself covered 
with that cloak, said Hagrid. We won take Fang, he 
won like it. ... 

Listen, Hagrid, I cant stay long. ... Ive got to be back 
up at the castle by one oclock   

But Hagrid wasnt listening; he was opening the cabin 
door and striding off into the night. Harry hurried to 
follow and found, to his great surprise, that Hagrid 
was leading him to the Beauxbatons carriage. 

Hagrid, what  ? 

Shhh! said Hagrid, and he knocked three times on 
the door bearing the crossed golden wands. 

Madame Maxime opened it. She was wearing a silk 
shawl wrapped around her massive shoulders. She 
smiled when she saw Hagrid. 

Ah, Agrid ... it is time? 

Bongsewer, said Hagrid, beaming at her, and 
holding out a hand to help her down the golden steps. 

Madame Maxime closed the door behind her, Hagrid 
offered her his arm, and they set off around the edge 
of the paddock containing Madame Maxime s giant 
winged horses, with Harry, totally bewildered, 
running to keep up with them. Had Hagrid wanted to 
show him Madame Maxime? He could see her any old 
time he wanted ... she wasnt exactly hard to miss. ... 

But it seemed that Madame Maxime was in for the 
same treat as Harry, because after a while she said 
playfully, Wair is it you are taking me, Agrid? 



  359 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yehll enjoy this, said Hagrid gruffly, worth seem, 
trust me. Ony  don go tellin anyone I showed yeh, 
right? Yehre not sposed ter know. 

Of course not, said Madame Maxime, fluttering her 
long black eyelashes. 

And still they walked, Harry getting more and more 
irritated as he jogged along in their wake, checking 
his watch every now and then. Hagrid had some 
harebrained scheme in hand, which might make him 
miss Sirius. If they didnt get there soon, he was going 
to turn around, go straight back to the castle, and 
leave Hagrid to enjoy his moonlit stroll with Madame 
Maxime. ... 

But then  when they had walked so far around the 
perimeter of the forest that the castle and the lake 
were out of sight  Harry heard something. Men were 
shouting up ahead . . . then came a deafening, 
earsplitting roar. . . . 

Hagrid led Madame Maxime around a clump of trees 
and came to a halt. Harry hurried up alongside them 
 for a split second, he thought he was seeing 
bonfires, and men darting around them  and then 
his mouth fell open. 

Dragons. 

Four fully grown, enormous, viciouslooking dragons 
were rearing onto their hind legs inside an enclosure 
fenced with thick planks of wood, roaring and 
snorting  torrents of fire were shooting into the dark 
sky from their open, fanged mouths, fifty feet above 
the ground on their outstretched necks. There was a 
silveryblue one with long, pointed horns, snapping 
and snarling at the wizards on the ground; a smooth 
scaled green one, which was writhing and stamping 
  360 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




with all its might; a red one with an odd fringe of fine 
gold spikes around its face, which was shooting 
mushroomshaped fire clouds into the air; and a 
gigantic black one, more lizardlike than the others, 
which was nearest to them. 

At least thirty wizards, seven or eight to each dragon, 
were attempting to control them, pulling on the 
chains connected to heavy leather straps around their 
necks and legs. Mesmerized, Harry looked up, high 
above him, and saw the eyes of the black dragon, with 
vertical pupils like a cats, bulging with either fear or 
rage, he couldnt tell which. ... It was making a 
horrible noise, a yowling, screeching scream. ... 

Keep back there, Hagrid! yelled a wizard near the 
fence, straining on the chain he was holding. They 
can shoot fire at a range of twenty feet, you know! Ive 
seen this Horntail do forty! 

Isn it beautiful? said Hagrid softly. 

Its no good! yelled another wizard. Stunning 
Spells, on the count of three! 

Harry saw each of the dragon keepers pull out his 
wand. 

Stupefy\ they shouted in unison, and the Stunning 
Spells shot into the darkness like fiery rockets, 
bursting in showers of stars on the dragons scaly 
hides  

Harry watched the dragon nearest to them teeter 
dangerously on its back legs; its jaws stretched wide 
in a silent howl; its nostrils were suddenly devoid of 
flame, though still smoking  then, very slowly, it 
fell. Several tons of sinewy, scalyblack dragon hit the 



  361 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




ground with a thud that Harry could have sworn 
made the trees behind him quake. 



The dragon keepers lowered their wands and walked 
forward to their fallen charges, each of which was the 
size of a small hill. They hurried to tighten the chains 
and fasten them securely to iron pegs, which they 
forced deep into the ground with their wands. 

Wan a closer look? Hagrid asked Madame Maxime 
excitedly. The pair of them moved right up to the 
fence, and Harry followed. The wizard who had 
warned Hagrid not to come any closer turned, and 
Harry realized who it was: Charlie Weasley. 

All right, Hagrid? he panted, coming over to talk. 
They should be okay now  we put them out with a 
Sleeping Draft on the way here, thought it might be 
better for them to wake up in the dark and the quiet 
 but, like you saw, they werent happy, not happy at 
all   



What breeds you got here, Charlie? said Hagrid, 
gazing at the closest dragon, the black one, with 
something close to reverence. Its eyes were still just 
open. Harry could see a strip of gleaming yellow 
beneath its wrinkled black eyelid. 

This is a Hungarian Horntail, said Charlie. Theres 
a Common Welsh Green over there, the smaller one  
a Swedish ShortSnout, that bluegray  and a 
Chinese Fireball, thats the red. 

Charlie looked around; Madame Maxime was strolling 
away around the edge of the enclosure, gazing at the 
stunned dragons. 

I didnt know you were bringing her, Hagrid, Charlie 
said, frowning. The champions arent supposed to 

  362 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




know whats coming  shes bound to tell her 
student, isnt she? 



Jus thought shed like ter see em, shrugged Hagrid, 
still gazing, enraptured, at the dragons. 

Really romantic date, Hagrid, said Charlie, shaking 
his head. 

Four ... said Hagrid, so its one fer each o the 
champions, is it? Whatve they gotta do  fight em? 

Just get past them, I think, said Charlie. Well be 
on hand if it gets nasty, Extinguishing Spells at the 
ready. They wanted nesting mothers, I dont know 
why ... but I tell you this, I dont envy the one who 
gets the Horntail. Vicious thing. Its back ends as 
dangerous as its front, look. 

Charlie pointed toward the Horntails tail, and Harry 
saw long, bronzecolored spikes protruding along it 
every few inches. 

Five of Charlies fellow keepers staggered up to the 
Horntail at that moment, carrying a clutch of huge 
granitegray eggs between them in a blanket. They 
placed them carefully at the Horntails side. Hagrid let 
out a moan of longing. 

Ive got them counted, Hagrid, said Charlie sternly. 
Then he said, Hows Harry? 

Fine, said Hagrid. He was still gazing at the eggs. 

Just hope hes still fine after hes faced this lot, said 
Charlie grimly, looking out over the dragons 
enclosure. I didnt dare tell Mum what hes got to do 
for the first task; shes already having kittens about 
him. ... Charlie imitated his mothers anxious voice.  
  363 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




 How could they let him enter that tournament, hes 
much too young\ I thought they were all safe, I thought 
there was going to he an age limiti  She was in floods 
after that Daily Prophet article about him. He still 
cries about his parents\ Oh bless him, I never knew\   

Harry had had enough. Trusting to the fact that 
Hagrid wouldnt miss him, with the attractions of four 
dragons and Madame Maxime to occupy him, he 
turned silently and began to walk away, back to the 
castle. 

He didnt know whether he was glad hed seen what 
was coming or not. Perhaps this way was better. The 
first shock was over now. Maybe if hed seen the 
dragons for the first time on Tuesday, he would have 
passed out cold in front of the whole school ... but 
maybe he would anyway. ... He was going to be armed 
with his wand  which, just now, felt like nothing 
more than a narrow strip of wood  against a fifty 
foothigh, scaly, spikeridden, firebreathing dragon. 
And he had to get past it. With everyone watching. 
How? 

Harry sped up, skirting the edge of the forest; he had 
just under fifteen minutes to get back to the fireside 
and talk to Sirius, and he couldnt remember, ever, 
wanting to talk to someone more than he did right 
now  when, without warning, he ran into something 
very solid. 

Harry fell backward, his glasses askew, clutching the 
cloak around him. A voice nearby said, Ouch! Whos 
there? 

Harry hastily checked that the cloak was covering 
him and lay very still, staring up at the dark outline 
of the wizard he had hit. He recognized the goatee ... 
it was Karkaroff. 

  364 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Whos there? said Karkaroff again, very 
suspiciously, looking around in the darkness. Harry 
remained still and silent. After a minute or so, 
Karkaroff seemed to decide that he had hit some sort 
of animal; he was looking around at waist height, as 
though expecting to see a dog. Then he crept back 
under the cover of the trees and started to edge 
forward toward the place where the dragons were. 

Very slowly and very carefully, Harry got to his feet 
and set off again as fast as he could without making 
too much noise, hurrying through the darkness back 
toward Hogwarts. 

He had no doubt whatsoever what Karkaroff was up 
to. He had sneaked off his ship to try and find out 
what the first task was going to be. He might even 
have spotted Hagrid and Madame Maxime heading off 
around the forest together  they were hardly 
difficult to spot at a distance . . . and now all Karkaroff 
had to do was follow the sound of voices, and he, like 
Madame Maxime, would know what was in store for 
the champions. 

By the looks of it, the only champion who would be 
facing the unknown on Tuesday was Cedric. 

Harry reached the castle, slipped in through the front 
doors, and began to climb the marble stairs; he was 
very out of breath, but he didnt dare slow down. ... 

He had less than five minutes to get up to the fire. ... 

Balderdash! he gasped at the Fat Lady, who was 
snoozing in her frame in front of the portrait hole. 

If you say so, she muttered sleepily, without opening 
her eyes, and the picture swung forward to admit 
him. Harry climbed inside. The common room was 
deserted, and, judging by the fact that it smelled quite 

  365 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




normal, Hermione had not needed to set off any 
Dungbombs to ensure that he and Sirius got privacy. 

Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and threw 
himself into an armchair in front of the fire. The room 
was in semidarkness; the flames were the only source 
of light. Nearby, on a table, the Support Cedric 
Diggoryl badges the Creeveys had been trying to 
improve were glinting in the firelight. They now read 
POTTER REALLY STINKS. Harry looked back into the 
flames, and jumped. 

Siriuss head was sitting in the fire. If Harry hadnt 
seen Mr. Diggory do exactly this back in the Weasleys 
kitchen, it would have scared him out of his wits. 
Instead, his face breaking into the first smile he had 
worn for days, he scrambled out of his chair, 
crouched down by the hearth, and said, Sirius  
how re you doing? 

Sirius looked different from Harrys memory of him. 
When they had said goodbye, Siriuss face had been 
gaunt and sunken, surrounded by a quantity of long, 
black, matted hair  but the hair was short and 
clean now, Siriuss face was fuller, and he looked 
younger, much more like the only photograph Harry 
had of him, which had been taken at the Potters 
wedding. 

Never mind me, how are you? said Sirius seriously. 

Im   For a second, Harry tried to say fine  but 
he couldnt do it. Before he could stop himself, he was 
talking more than hed talked in days  about how 
no one believed he hadnt entered the tournament of 
his own free will, how Rita Skeeter had lied about him 
in the Daily Prophet, how he couldnt walk down a 
corridor without being sneered at  and about Ron, 
Ron not believing him, Rons jealousy ... 

  366 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




"... and now Hagrids just shown me whats coming in 
the first task, and its dragons, Sirius, and Im a 
goner, he finished desperately. 

Sirius looked at him, eyes full of concern, eyes that 
had not yet lost the look that Azkaban had given 
them  that deadened, haunted look. He had let 
Harry talk himself into silence without interruption, 
but now he said, Dragons we can deal with, Harry, 
but well get to that in a minute  I havent got long 
here ... Ive broken into a wizarding house to use the 
fire, but they could be back at any time. There are 
things I need to warn you about. 

What? said Harry, feeling his spirits slip a further 
few notches. ... Surely there could be nothing worse 
than dragons coming? 

Karkaroff, said Sirius. Harry, he was a Death Eater. 
You know what Death Eaters are, dont you? 

Yes  he  what? 

He was caught, he was in Azkaban with me, but he 
got released. Id bet everything thats why Dumbledore 
wanted an Auror at Hogwarts this year  to keep an 
eye on him. Moody caught Karkaroff. Put him into 
Azkaban in the first place. 

Karkaroff got released? Harry said slowly  his 
brain seemed to be struggling to absorb yet another 
piece of shocking information. Why did they release 
him? 

He did a deal with the Ministry of Magic, said Sirius 
bitterly. He said hed seen the error of his ways, and 
then he named names ... he put a load of other people 
into Azkaban in his place. ... Hes not very popular in 
there, I can tell you. And since he got out, from what I 
  367 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




can tell, hes been teaching the Dark Arts to every 
student who passes through that school of his. So 
watch out for the Durmstrang champion as well. 

Okay, said Harry slowly. But ... are you saying 
Karkaroff put my name in the goblet? Because if he 
did, hes a really good actor. He seemed furious about 
it. He wanted to stop me from competing. 

We know hes a good actor, said Sirius, because he 
convinced the Ministry of Magic to set him free, didnt 
he? Now, Ive been keeping an eye on the Daily 
Prophet, Harry   

  you and the rest of the world, said Harry bitterly. 

  and reading between the lines of that Skeeter 
womans article last month, Moody was attacked the 
night before he started at Hogwarts. Yes, I know she 
says it was another false alarm, Sirius said hastily, 
seeing Harry about to speak, but I dont think so, 
somehow. I think someone tried to stop him from 
getting to Hogwarts. I think someone knew their job 
would be a lot more difficult with him around. And no 
ones going to look into it too closely; MadEyes heard 
intruders a bit too often. But that doesnt mean he 
cant still spot the real thing. Moody was the best 
Auror the Ministry ever had. 

So . . . what are you saying? said Harry slowly. 
Karkaroffs trying to kill me? But  why? 

Sirius hesitated. 

Ive been hearing some very strange things, he said 
slowly. The Death Eaters seem to be a bit more active 
than usual lately. They showed themselves at the 
Quidditch World Cup, didnt they? Someone set off 



  368 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the Dark Mark . . . and then  did you hear about that 
Ministry of Magic witch whos gone missing? 

Bertha Jorkins? said Harry. 

Exactly ... she disappeared in Albania, and thats 
definitely where Voldemort was rumored to be last ... 
and she would have known the Triwizard Tournament 
was coming up, wouldnt she? 

Yeah, but ... its not very likely shed have walked 
straight into Voldemort, is it? said Harry. 

Listen, I knew Bertha Jorkins, said Sirius grimly. 
She was at Hogwarts when I was, a few years above 
your dad and me. And she was an idiot. Very nosy, 
but no brains, none at all. Its not a good 
combination, Harry. Id say shed be very easy to lure 
into a trap. 

So ... so Voldemort could have found out about the 
tournament? said Harry. Is that what you mean? 
You think Karkaroff might be here on his orders? 

I dont know, said Sirius slowly, I just dont know 
... Karkaroff doesnt strike me as the type whod go 
back to Voldemort unless he knew Voldemort was 
powerful enough to protect him. But whoever put 
your name in that goblet did it for a reason, and I 
cant help thinking the tournament would be a very 
good way to attack you and make it look like an 
accident. 

Looks like a really good plan from where Im 
standing, said Harry grinning bleakly. Theyll just 
have to stand back and let the dragons do their stuff. 

Right  these dragons, said Sirius, speaking very 
quickly now. Theres a way, Harry. Dont be tempted 

  369 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




to try a Stunning Spell  dragons are strong and too 
powerfully magical to be knocked out by a single 
Stunner, you need about half a dozen wizards at a 
time to overcome a dragon   

Yeah, I know, I just saw, said Harry. 

But you can do it alone, said Sirius. There is a way, 
and a simple spells all you need. Just   

But Harry held up a hand to silence him, his heart 
suddenly pounding as though it would burst. He 
could hear footsteps coming down the spiral staircase 
behind him. 

Go! he hissed at Sirius. Go! Theres someone 
coming! 

Harry scrambled to his feet, hiding the fire  if 
someone saw Siriuss face within the walls of 
Hogwarts, they would raise an almighty uproar  the 
Ministry would get dragged in  he, Harry, would be 
questioned about Siriuss whereabouts  

Harry heard a tiny pop\ in the fire behind him and 
knew Sirius had gone. He watched the bottom of the 
spiral staircase. Who had decided to go for a stroll at 
one oclock in the morning, and stopped Sirius from 
telling him how to get past a dragon? 

It was Ron. Dressed in his maroon paisley pajamas, 
Ron stopped dead facing Harry across the room, and 
looked around. 

Who were you talking to? he said. 

Whats that got to do with you? Harry snarled. 

What are you doing down here at this time of night? 



  370 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I just wondered where you   Ron broke off, 
shrugging. Nothing. Im going back to bed. 

Just thought youd come nosing around, did you? 
Harry shouted. He knew that Ron had no idea what 
hed walked in on, knew he hadnt done it on purpose, 
but he didnt care  at this moment he hated 
everything about Ron, right down to the several 
inches of bare ankle showing beneath his pajama 
trousers. 

Sorry about that, said Ron, his face reddening with 
anger. Shouldve realized you didnt want to be 
disturbed. Ill let you get on with practicing for your 
next interview in peace. 

Harry seized one of the POTTER REALLY STINKS 
badges off the table and chucked it, as hard as he 
could, across the room. It hit Ron on the forehead 
and bounced off. 

There you go, Harry said. Something for you to 
wear on Tuesday. You might even have a scar now, if 
youre lucky. ... Thats what you want, isnt it? 

He strode across the room toward the stairs; he half 
expected Ron to stop him, he would even have liked 
Ron to throw a punch at him, but Ron just stood 
there in his toosmall pajamas, and Harry, having 
stormed upstairs, lay awake in bed fuming for a long 
time afterward and didnt hear him come up to bed. 



  371 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE FIRST TASK 

Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so 
inattentively that it was a while before he realized he 
was trying to pull his hat onto his foot instead of his 
sock. When hed finally got all his clothes on the right 
parts of his body, he hurried off to find Hermione, 
locating her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, 
where she was eating breakfast with Ginny. Feeling 
too queasy to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had 
swallowed her last spoonful of porridge, then dragged 
her out onto the grounds. There, he told her all about 
the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said, 
while they took another long walk around the lake. 

Alarmed as she was by Siriuss warnings about 
Karkaroff, Hermione still thought that the dragons 
were the more pressing problem. 

Lets just try and keep you alive until Tuesday 
evening, she said desperately, and then we can 
worry about Karkaroff. 



  372 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



They walked three times around the lake, trying all 
the way to think of a simple spell that would subdue 
a dragon. Nothing whatsoever occurred to them, so 
they retired to the library instead. Here, Harry pulled 
down every book he could find on dragons, and both 
of them set to work searching through the large pile. 

 Talonclipping by charms ... treating scalerot ... 

This is no good, this is for nutters like Hagrid who 
want to keep them healthy. ... 

 Dragons are extremely difficult to slay, owing to the 
ancient magic that imbues their thick hides, which 
none but the most powerful spells can penetrate ... 

But Sirius said a simple one would do it. ... 

Lets try some simple spellbooks, then, said Harry, 
throwing aside Men Who Love Dragons Too Much. 

He returned to the table with a pile of spellbooks, set 
them down, and began to flick through each in turn, 
Hermione whispering nonstop at his elbow. 

Well, there are Switching Spells ... but whats the 
point of Switching it? Unless you swapped its fangs 
for winegums or something that would make it less 
dangerous. ... The trouble is, like that book said, not 
much is going to get through a dragons hide. ... Id 
say Transfigure it, but something that big, you really 
havent got a hope, I doubt even Professor McGonagall 
... unless youre supposed to put the spell on 
yourself? Maybe to give yourself extra powers? But 
theyre not simple spells, I mean, we havent done any 
of those in class, I only know about them because Ive 
been doing O.W.L. practice papers. ... 

Hermione, Harry said, through gritted teeth, will 
you shut up for a bit, please? Im trying to 
concentrate. 

  373 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But all that happened, when Hermione fell silent, was 
that Harrys brain filled with a sort of blank buzzing, 
which didnt seem to allow room for concentration. He 
stared hopelessly down the index of Basic Hexes for 
the Busy and Vexed. Instant scalping . . . but dragons 
had no hair . . . pepper breath . . . that would probably 
increase a dragons firepower ... horn tongue ... just 
what he needed, to give it an extra weapon . . . 

Oh no, hes back again, why cant he read on his 
stupid ship? said Hermione irritably as Viktor Krum 
slouched in, cast a surly look over at the pair of them, 
and settled himself in a distant corner with a pile of 
books. Come on, Harry, well go back to the common 
room ... his fan clubll be here in a moment, twittering 
away. ... 

And sure enough, as they left the library, a gang of 
girls tiptoed past them, one of them wearing a 
Bulgaria scarf tied around her waist. 

Harry barely slept that night. When he awoke on 
Monday morning, he seriously considered for the first 
time ever just running away from Hogwarts. But as 
he looked around the Great Hall at breakfast time, 
and thought about what leaving the castle would 
mean, he knew he couldnt do it. It was the only place 
he had ever been happy . . . well, he supposed he must 
have been happy with his parents too, but he couldnt 
remember that. 

Somehow, the knowledge that he would rather be 
here and facing a dragon than back on Privet Drive 
with Dudley was good to know; it made him feel 
slightly calmer. He finished his bacon with difficulty 
(his throat wasnt working too well), and as he and 
Hermione got up, he saw Cedric Diggory leaving the 
Hufflepuff table. 



  374 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Cedric still didnt know about the dragons ... the only 
champion who didnt, if Harry was right in thinking 
that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and 
Krum. ... 

Hermione, Ill see you in the greenhouses, Harry 
said, coming to his decision as he watched Cedric 
leaving the Hall. Go on, Ill catch you up. 

Harry, youll be late, the bells about to ring   

Ill catch you up, okay? 

By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble 
staircase, Cedric was at the top. He was with a load of 
sixthyear friends. Harry didnt want to talk to Cedric 
in front of them; they were among those who had 
been quoting Rita Skeeters article at him every time 
he went near them. He followed Cedric at a distance 
and saw that he was heading toward the Charms 
corridor. This gave Harry an idea. Pausing at a 
distance from them, he pulled out his wand, and took 
careful aim. 

Diffindol 

Cedrics bag split. Parchment, quills, and books 
spilled out of it onto the floor. Several bottles of ink 
smashed. 

Dont bother, said Cedric in an exasperated voice as 
his friends bent down to help him. Tell Flitwick Im 
coming, go on. ... 

This was exactly what Harry had been hoping for. He 
slipped his wand back into his robes, waited until 
Cedrics friends had disappeared into their classroom, 
and hurried up the corridor, which was now empty of 
everyone but himself and Cedric. 

  375 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hi, said Cedric, picking up a copy of A Guide to 
Advanced Transfiguration that was now splattered 
with ink. My bag just split ... brandnew and all ... 

Cedric, said Harry, the first task is dragons. 

What? said Cedric, looking up. 

Dragons, said Harry, speaking quickly, in case 
Professor Flitwick came out to see where Cedric had 
got to. Theyve got four, one for each of us, and weve 
got to get past them. 

Cedric stared at him. Harry saw some of the panic 
hed been feeling since Saturday night flickering in 
Cedrics gray eyes. 

Are you sure? Cedric said in a hushed voice. 

Dead sure, said Harry. Ive seen them. 

But how did you find out? Were not supposed to 
know. ... 

Never mind, said Harry quickly  he knew Hagrid 
would be in trouble if he told the truth. But Im not 
the only one who knows. Fleur and Krum will know 
by now  Maxime and Karkaroff both saw the 
dragons too. 

Cedric straightened up, his arms full of inky quills, 
parchment, and books, his ripped bag dangling off 
one shoulder. He stared at Harry, and there was a 
puzzled, almost suspicious look in his eyes. 

Why are you telling me? he asked. 

Harry looked at him in disbelief. He was sure Cedric 
wouldnt have asked that if he had seen the dragons 

  376 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




himself. Harry wouldnt have let his worst enemy face 
those monsters unprepared  well, perhaps Malfoy or 
Snape ... 

Its just ... fair, isnt it? he said to Cedric. We all 
know now ... were on an even footing, arent we? 

Cedric was still looking at him in a slightly suspicious 
way when Harry heard a familiar clunking noise 
behind him. He turned around and saw MadEye 
Moody emerging from a nearby classroom. 

Come with me, Potter, he growled. Diggory, off you 
go. 

Harry stared apprehensively at Moody. Had he 
overheard them? 

Er  Professor, Im supposed to be in Herbology   

Never mind that, Potter. In my office, please. ... 

Harry followed him, wondering what was going to 
happen to him now. What if Moody wanted to know 
how hed found out about the dragons? Would Moody 
go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid, or just turn 
Harry into a ferret? Well, it might be easier to get past 
a dragon if he were a ferret, Harry thought dully, hed 
be smaller, much less easy to see from a height of fifty 
feet ... 

He followed Moody into his office. Moody closed the 
door behind them and turned to look at Harry, his 
magical eye fixed upon him as well as the normal one. 

That was a very decent thing you just did, Potter, 
Moody said quietly. 



  377 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry didnt know what to say; this wasnt the 
reaction he had expected at all. 



Sit down, said Moody, and Harry sat, looking 
around. 

He had visited this office under two of its previous 
occupants. In Professor Lockharts day, the walls had 
been plastered with beaming, winking pictures of 
Professor Lockhart himself. When Lupin had lived 
here, you were more likely to come across a specimen 
of some fascinating new Dark creature he had 
procured for them to study in class. Now, however, 
the office was full of a number of exceptionally odd 
objects that Harry supposed Moody had used in the 
days when he had been an Auror. 

On his desk stood what looked like a large, cracked, 
glass spinning top; Harry recognized it at once as a 
Sneakoscope, because he owned one himself, though 
it was much smaller than Moodys. In the corner on a 
small table stood an object that looked something like 
an extra squiggly, golden television aerial. It was 
humming slightly. What appeared to be a mirror hung 
opposite Harry on the wall, but it was not reflecting 
the room. Shadowy figures were moving around 
inside it, none of them clearly in focus. 

Like my Dark Detectors, do you? said Moody, who 
was watching Harry closely. 

Whats that? Harry asked, pointing at the squiggly 
golden aerial. 

Secrecy Sensor. Vibrates when it detects 
concealment and lies ... no use here, of course, too 
much interference  students in every direction lying 
about why they havent done their homework. Been 
humming ever since I got here. I had to disable my 
  378 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Sneakoscope because it wouldnt stop whistling. Its 
extrasensitive, picks up stuff about a mile around. Of 
course, it could be picking up more than kid stuff, he 
added in a growl. 

And whats the mirror for? 

Oh thats my FoeGlass. See them out there, 
skulking around? Im not really in trouble until I see 
the whites of their eyes. Thats when I open my 
trunk. 

He let out a short, harsh laugh, and pointed to the 
large trunk under the window. It had seven keyholes 
in a row. Harry wondered what was in there, until 
Moodys next question brought him sharply back to 
earth. 

So ... found out about the dragons, have you? 

Harry hesitated. Hed been afraid of this  but he 
hadnt told Cedric, and he certainly wasnt going to 
tell Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rules. 

Its all right, said Moody, sitting down and 
stretching out his wooden leg with a groan. 

Cheatings a traditional part of the Triwizard 
Tournament and always has been. 

I didnt cheat, said Harry sharply. It was  a sort 
of accident that I found out. 

Moody grinned. I wasnt accusing you, laddie. Ive 
been telling Dumbledore from the start, he can be as 
highminded as he likes, but you can bet old 
Karkaroff and Maxime wont be. Theyll have told their 
champions everything they can. They want to win. 
They want to beat Dumbledore. Theyd like to prove 
hes only human. 

  379 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moody gave another harsh laugh, and his magical eye 
swiveled around so fast it made Harry feel queasy to 
watch it. 

So ... got any ideas how youre going to get past your 
dragon yet? said Moody. 

No, said Harry. 

Well, Im not going to tell you, said Moody gruffly. I 
dont show favoritism, me. Im just going to give you 
some good, general advice. And the first bit is  play 
to your strengths. 

I havent got any, said Harry, before he could stop 
himself. 

Excuse me, growled Moody, youve got strengths if I 
say youve got them. Think now. What are you best 
at? 

Harry tried to concentrate. What was he best at? 

Well, that was easy, really  

Quidditch, he said dully, and a fat lot of help   

Thats right, said Moody, staring at him very hard, 
his magical eye barely moving at all. Youre a damn 
good flier from what Ive heard. 

Yeah, but ... Harry stared at him. Im not allowed a 
broom, Ive only got my wand   

My second piece of general advice, said Moody 
loudly, interrupting him, is to use a nice, simple 
spell that will enable you to get what you need. 

Harry looked at him blankly. What did he need? 



  380 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Come on, boy ... whispered Moody. Put them 
together ... its not that difficult. ... 

And it clicked. He was best at flying. He needed to 
pass the dragon in the air. For that, he needed his 
Firebolt. And for his Firebolt, he needed  

Hermione, Harry whispered, when he had sped into 
greenhouse three minutes later, uttering a hurried 
apology to Professor Sprout as he passed her. 
Hermione  I need you to help me. 

What dyou think Ive been trying to do, Harry? she 
whispered back, her eyes round with anxiety over the 
top of the quivering Flutterby Bush she was pruning. 

Hermione, I need to learn how to do a Summoning 
Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon. 

And so they practiced. They didnt have lunch, but 
headed for a free classroom, where Harry tried with 
all his might to make various objects fly across the 
room toward him. He was still having problems. The 
books and quills kept losing heart halfway across the 
room and dropping like stones to the floor. 

Concentrate, Harry, concentrate. ... 

What dyou think Im trying to do? said Harry 
angrily. A great big dragon keeps popping up in my 
head for some reason. ... Okay, try again. ... 

He wanted to skip Divination to keep practicing, but 
Hermione refused pointblank to skive off 
Arithmancy, and there was no point in staying 
without her. He therefore had to endure over an hour 
of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the lesson 
telling everyone that the position of Mars with relation 



  381 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in 
July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths. 

Well, thats good, said Harry loudly, his temper 
getting the better of him, just as long as its not 
drawnout. I dont want to suffer. 

Ron looked for a moment as though he was going to 
laugh; he certainly caught Harrys eye for the first 
time in days, but Harry was still feeling too resentful 
toward Ron to care. He spent the rest of the lesson 
trying to attract small objects toward him under the 
table with his wand. He managed to make a fly zoom 
straight into his hand, though he wasnt entirely sure 
that was his prowess at Summoning Charms  
perhaps the fly was just stupid. 

He forced down some dinner after Divination, then 
returned to the empty classroom with Hermione, 
using the Invisibility Cloak to avoid the teachers. 

They kept practicing until past midnight. They would 
have stayed longer, but Peeves turned up and, 
pretending to think that Harry wanted things thrown 
at him, started chucking chairs across the room. 
Harry and Hermione left in a hurry before the noise 
attracted Filch, and went back to the Gryffindor 
common room, which was now mercifully empty. 

At two oclock in the morning, Harry stood near the 
fireplace, surrounded by heaps of objects: books, 
quills, several upturned chairs, an old set of 
Gobstones, and Nevilles toad, Trevor. Only in the last 
hour had Harry really got the hang of the Summoning 
Charm. 

Thats better, Harry, thats loads better, Hermione 
said, looking exhausted but very pleased. 



  382 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, now we know what to do next time I cant 
manage a spell, Harry said, throwing a rune 
dictionary back to Hermione, so he could try again, 
threaten me with a dragon. Right ... He raised his 
wand once more. Accio Dictionary ! 

The heavy book soared out of Hermione s hand, flew 
across the room, and Harry caught it. 

Harry, I really think youve got it! said Hermione 
delightedly. 

Just as long as it works tomorrow, Harry said. The 
Firebolts going to be much farther away than the 
stuff in here, its going to be in the castle, and Im 
going to be out there on the grounds. ... 

That doesnt matter, said Hermione firmly Just as 
long as youre concentrating really, really hard on it, 
itll come. Harry, wed better get some sleep ... youre 
going to need it. 

Harry had been focusing so hard on learning the 
Summoning Charm that evening that some of his 
blind panic had left him. It returned in full measure, 
however, on the following morning. The atmosphere 
in the school was one of great tension and excitement. 
Lessons were to stop at midday, giving all the 
students time to get down to the dragons enclosure 
 though of course, they didnt yet know what they 
would find there. 

Harry felt oddly separate from everyone around him, 
whether they were wishing him good luck or hissing 
 Well have a box of tissues ready, Potted as he 
passed. It was a state of nervousness so advanced 
that he wondered whether he mightnt just lose his 
head when they tried to lead him out to his dragon, 
and start trying to curse everyone in sight. Time was 
  383 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




behaving in a more peculiar fashion than ever, 
rushing past in great dollops, so that one moment he 
seemed to be sitting down in his first lesson, History 
of Magic, and the next, walking into lunch . . . and 
then (where had the morning gone? the last of the 
dragonfree hours?), Professor McGonagall was 
hurrying over to him in the Great Hall. Lots of people 
were watching. 

Potter, the champions have to come down onto the 
grounds now. ... You have to get ready for your first 
task. 

Okay, said Harry, standing up, his fork falling onto 
his plate with a clatter. 

Good luck, Harry, Hermione whispered. Youll be 
fine! 

Yeah, said Harry in a voice that was most unlike his 
own. 

He left the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall. She 
didnt seem herself either; in fact, she looked nearly 
as anxious as Hermione. As she walked him down the 
stone steps and out into the cold November afternoon, 
she put her hand on his shoulder. 

Now, dont panic, she said, just keep a cool head. 

... Weve got wizards standing by to control the 
situation if it gets out of hand. ... The main thing is 
just to do your best, and nobody will think any the 
worse of you. ... Are you all right? 

Yes, Harry heard himself say. Yes, Im fine. 

She was leading him toward the place where the 
dragons were, around the edge of the forest, but when 
they approached the clump of trees behind which the 

  384 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




enclosure would be clearly visible, Harry saw that a 
tent had been erected, its entrance facing them, 
screening the dragons from view. 

Youre to go in here with the other champions, said 
Professor McGonagall, in a rather shaky sort of voice, 
and wait for your turn, Potter. Mr. Bagman is in 
there ... hell be telling you the  the procedure. ... 
Good luck. 

Thanks, said Harry, in a flat, distant voice. She left 
him at the entrance of the tent. Harry went inside. 

Fleur Delacour was sitting in a corner on a low 
wooden stool. She didnt look nearly as composed as 
usual, but rather pale and clammy. Viktor Krum 
looked even surlier than usual, which Harry 
supposed was his way of showing nerves. Cedric was 
pacing up and down. When Harry entered, Cedric 
gave him a small smile, which Harry returned, feeling 
the muscles in his face working rather hard, as 
though they had forgotten how to do it. 

Harry! Goodo! said Bagman happily, looking 
around at him. Come in, come in, make yourself at 
home! 

Bagman looked somehow like a slightly overblown 
cartoon figure, standing amid all the palefaced 
champions. He was wearing his old Wasp robes again. 

Well, now were all here  time to fill you in! said 
Bagman brightly. When the audience has assembled, 
Im going to be offering each of you this bag  he 
held up a small sack of purple silk and shook it at 
them  from which you will each select a small 
model of the thing you are about to face! There are 
different  er  varieties, you see. And I have to tell 



  385 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




you something else too . . . ah, yes . . . your task is to 
collect the golden egg\ 

Harry glanced around. Cedric had nodded once, to 
show that he understood Bagmans words, and then 
started pacing around the tent again; he looked 
slightly green. Fleur Delacour and Krum hadnt 
reacted at all. Perhaps they thought they might be 
sick if they opened their mouths; that was certainly 
how Harry felt. But they, at least, had volunteered for 
this. ... 

And in no time at all, hundreds upon hundreds of 
pairs of feet could be heard passing the tent, their 
owners talking excitedly, laughing, joking. ... Harry 
felt as separate from the crowd as though they were a 
different species. And then  it seemed like about a 
second later to Harry  Bagman was opening the 
neck of the purple silk sack. 

Ladies first, he said, offering it to Fleur Delacour. 

She put a shaking hand inside the bag and drew out 
a tiny, perfect model of a dragon  a Welsh Green. It 
had the number two around its neck. And Harry 
knew, by the fact that Fleur showed no sign of 
surprise, but rather a determined resignation, that he 
had been right: Madame Maxime had told her what 
was coming. 

The same held true for Krum. He pulled out the 
scarlet Chinese Fireball. It had a number three 
around its neck. He didnt even blink, just sat back 
down and stared at the ground. 

Cedric put his hand into the bag, and out came the 
blueishgray Swedish ShortSnout, the number one 
tied around its neck. Knowing what was left, Harry 
put his hand into the silk bag and pulled out the 

  386 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hungarian Horntail, and the number four. It 
stretched its wings as he looked down at it, and bared 
its minuscule fangs. 

Well, there you are! said Bagman. You have each 
pulled out the dragon you will face, and the numbers 
refer to the order in which you are to take on the 
dragons, do you see? Now, Im going to have to leave 
you in a moment, because Im commentating. Mr. 
Diggory, youre first, just go out into the enclosure 
when you hear a whistle, all right? Now ... Harry ... 
could I have a quick word? Outside? 

Er ... yes, said Harry blankly, and he got up and 
went out of the tent with Bagman, who walked him a 
short distance away, into the trees, and then turned 
to him with a fatherly expression on his face. 

Feeling all right, Harry? Anything I can get you? 

What? said Harry. I  no, nothing. 

Got a plan? said Bagman, lowering his voice 
conspiratorially. Because I dont mind sharing a few 
pointers, if youd like them, you know. I mean, 
Bagman continued, lowering his voice still further, 
youre the underdog here, Harry. ... Anything I can 
do to help ... 

No, said Harry so quickly he knew he had sounded 
rude, no  I  I know what Im going to do, thanks. 

Nobody would know, Harry, said Bagman, winking 
at him. 

No, Im fine, said Harry, wondering why he kept 
telling people this, and wondering whether he had 
ever been less fine. Ive got a plan worked out, I   



  387 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A whistle had blown somewhere. 



Good lord, Ive got to run! said Bagman in alarm, 
and he hurried off. 

Harry walked back to the tent and saw Cedric 
emerging from it, greener than ever. Harry tried to 
wish him luck as he walked past, but all that came 
out of his mouth was a sort of hoarse grunt. 

Harry went back inside to Fleur and Krum. Seconds 
later, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant 
Cedric had entered the enclosure and was now face 
toface with the living counterpart of his model. ... 

It was worse than Harry could ever have imagined, 
sitting there and listening. The crowd screamed . . . 
yelled . . . gasped like a single manyheaded entity, as 
Cedric did whatever he was doing to get past the 
Swedish ShortSnout. Krum was still staring at the 
ground. Fleur had now taken to retracing Cedrics 
steps, around and around the tent. And Bagmans 
commentary made everything much, much worse. ... 
Horrible pictures formed in Harrys mind as he heard: 
Oooh, narrow miss there, very narrow ... Hes 
taking risks, this one! ... Clever move  pity it 
didnt work! 

And then, after about fifteen minutes, Harry heard 
the deafening roar that could mean only one thing: 
Cedric had gotten past his dragon and captured the 
golden egg. 

Very good indeed! Bagman was shouting. And now 
the marks from the judges! 

But he didnt shout out the marks; Harry supposed 
the judges were holding them up and showing them 
to the crowd. 

  388 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




One down, three to go! Bagman yelled as the whistle 
blew again. Miss Delacour, if you please! 



Fleur was trembling from head to foot; Harry felt more 
warmly toward her than he had done so far as she left 
the tent with her head held high and her hand 
clutching her wand. He and Krum were left alone, at 
opposite sides of the tent, avoiding each others gaze. 

The same process started again. ... Oh Im not sure 
that was wise! they could hear Bagman shouting 
gleefully. Oh . . . nearly! Careful now . . . good lord, I 
thought shed had it then! 

Ten minutes later, Harry heard the crowd erupt into 
applause once more. ... Fleur must have been 
successful too. A pause, while Fleurs marks were 
being shown . . . more clapping . . . then, for the third 
time, the whistle. 

And here comes Mr. Krum! cried Bagman, and 
Krum slouched out, leaving Harry quite alone. 

He felt much more aware of his body than usual; very 
aware of the way his heart was pumping fast, and his 
fingers tingling with fear ... yet at the same time, he 
seemed to be outside himself, seeing the walls of the 
tent, and hearing the crowd, as though from far away. 



Very daring! Bagman was yelling, and Harry heard 
the Chinese Fireball emit a horrible, roaring shriek, 
while the crowd drew its collective breath. Thats 
some nerve hes showing  and  yes, hes got the 
egg! 

Applause shattered the wintery air like breaking 
glass; Krum had finished  it would be Harrys turn 
any moment. 

  389 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He stood up, noticing dimly that his legs seemed to be 
made of marshmallow. He waited. And then he heard 
the whistle blow. He walked out through the entrance 
of the tent, the panic rising into a crescendo inside 
him. And now he was walking past the trees, through 
a gap in the enclosure fence. 

He saw everything in front of him as though it was a 
very highly colored dream. There were hundreds and 
hundreds of faces staring down at him from stands 
that had been magicked there since hed last stood on 
this spot. And there was the Horntail, at the other 
end of the enclosure, crouched low over her clutch of 
eggs, her wings halffurled, her evil, yellow eyes upon 
him, a monstrous, scaly, black lizard, thrashing her 
spiked tail, leaving yardlong gouge marks in the hard 
ground. The crowd was making a great deal of noise, 
but whether friendly or not, Harry didnt know or 
care. It was time to do what he had to do ... to focus 
his mind, entirely and absolutely, upon the thing that 
was his only chance. ... 

He raised his wand. 

Accio Firebolti he shouted. 

Harry waited, every fiber of him hoping, praying. ... If 
it hadnt worked ... if it wasnt coming ... He seemed 
to be looking at everything around him through some 
sort of shimmering, transparent barrier, like a heat 
haze, which made the enclosure and the hundreds of 
faces around him swim strangely. ... 

And then he heard it, speeding through the air behind 
him; he turned and saw his Firebolt hurtling toward 
him around the edge of the woods, soaring into the 
enclosure, and stopping dead in midair beside him, 
waiting for him to mount. The crowd was making 
even more noise. ... Bagman was shouting something 
  390 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




... but Harrys ears were not working properly 
anymore ... listening wasnt important. ... 

He swung his leg over the broom and kicked off from 
the ground. And a second later, something 
miraculous happened. ... 

As he soared upward, as the wind rushed through his 
hair, as the crowds faces became mere fleshcolored 
pinpricks below, and the Horntail shrank to the size 
of a dog, he realized that he had left not only the 
ground behind, but also his fear. . . . He was back 
where he belonged. ... 

This was just another Quidditch match, that was all 
... just another Quidditch match, and that Horntail 
was just another ugly opposing team. ... 

He looked down at the clutch of eggs and spotted the 
gold one, gleaming against its cementcolored fellows, 
residing safely between the dragons front legs. 
Okay, Harry told himself, diversionary tactics ... 
lets go. ... 

He dived. The Horntails head followed him; he knew 
what it was going to do and pulled out of the dive just 
in time; a jet of fire had been released exactly where 
he would have been had he not swerved away . . . but 
Harry didnt care ... that was no more than dodging a 
Bludger. ... 

Great Scott, he can fly! yelled Bagman as the crowd 
shrieked and gasped. Are you watching this, Mr. 
Krum? 

Harry soared higher in a circle; the Horntail was still 
following his progress; its head revolving on its long 
neck  if he kept this up, it would be nicely dizzy  



  391 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




but better not push it too long, or it would be 
breathing fire again  

Harry plummeted just as the Horntail opened its 
mouth, but this time he was less lucky  he missed 
the flames, but the tail came whipping up to meet 
him instead, and as he swerved to the left, one of the 
long spikes grazed his shoulder, ripping his robes  

He could feel it stinging, he could hear screaming and 
groans from the crowd, but the cut didnt seem to be 
deep. ... Now he zoomed around the back of the 
Horntail, and a possibility occurred to him. ... 

The Horntail didnt seem to want to take off, she was 
too protective of her eggs. Though she writhed and 
twisted, furling and unfurling her wings and keeping 
those fearsome yellow eyes on Harry, she was afraid 
to move too far from them . . . but he had to persuade 
her to do it, or hed never get near them. ... The trick 
was to do it carefully, gradually. . . . 

He began to fly, first this way, then the other, not 
near enough to make her breathe fire to stave him off, 
but still posing a sufficient threat to ensure she kept 
her eyes on him. Her head swayed this way and that, 
watching him out of those vertical pupils, her fangs 
bared. ... 

He flew higher. The Horntails head rose with him, her 
neck now stretched to its fullest extent, still swaying, 
like a snake before its charmer. . . . 

Harry rose a few more feet, and she let out a roar of 
exasperation. He was like a fly to her, a fly she was 
longing to swat; her tail thrashed again, but he was 
too high to reach now. ... She shot fire into the air, 
which he dodged. ... Her jaws opened wide. ... 



  392 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Come on, Harry hissed, swerving tantalizingly above 
her, come on, come and get me ... up you get now ... 

And then she reared, spreading her great, black, 
leathery wings at last, as wide as those of a small 
airplane  and Harry dived. Before the dragon knew 
what he had done, or where he had disappeared to, 
he was speeding toward the ground as fast as he 
could go, toward the eggs now unprotected by her 
clawed front legs  he had taken his hands off his 
Firebolt  he had seized the golden egg  

And with a huge spurt of speed, he was off, he was 
soaring out over the stands, the heavy egg safely 
under his uninjured arm, and it was as though 
somebody had just turned the volume back up  for 
the first time, he became properly aware of the noise 
of the crowd, which was screaming and applauding as 
loudly as the Irish supporters at the World Cup  

Look at that! Bagman was yelling. Will you look at 
that! Our youngest champion is quickest to get his 
egg! Well, this is going to shorten the odds on Mr. 
Potter! 

Harry saw the dragon keepers rushing forward to 
subdue the Horntail, and, over at the entrance to the 
enclosure, Professor McGonagall, Professor Moody, 
and Hagrid hurrying to meet him, all of them waving 
him toward them, their smiles evident even from this 
distance. He flew back over the stands, the noise of 
the crowd pounding his eardrums, and came in 
smoothly to land, his heart lighter than it had been in 
weeks. ... He had got through the first task, he had 
survived. ... 

That was excellent, Potter! cried Professor 
McGonagall as he got off the Firebolt  which from 
her was extravagant praise. He noticed that her hand 

  393 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




shook as she pointed at his shoulder. Youll need to 
see Madam Pomfrey before the judges give out your 
score. ... Over there, shes had to mop up Diggory 
already. ... 

Yeh did it, Harry! said Hagrid hoarsely. Yeh did it! 
An agains the Horntail an all, an yeh know Charlie 
said that was the wors   

Thanks, Hagrid, said Harry loudly, so that Hagrid 
wouldnt blunder on and reveal that he had shown 
Harry the dragons beforehand. 

Professor Moody looked very pleased too; his magical 
eye was dancing in its socket. 

Nice and easy does the trick, Potter, he growled. 

Right then, Potter, the first aid tent, please ... said 
Professor McGonagall. 

Harry walked out of the enclosure, still panting, and 
saw Madam Pomfrey standing at the mouth of a 
second tent, looking worried. 

Dragons! she said, in a disgusted tone, pulling 
Harry inside. The tent was divided into cubicles; he 
could make out Cedrics shadow through the canvas, 
but Cedric didnt seem to be badly injured; he was 
sitting up, at least. Madam Pomfrey examined Harrys 
shoulder, talking furiously all the while. Last year 
dementors, this year dragons, what are they going to 
bring into this school next? Youre very lucky ... this 
is quite shallow ... itll need cleaning before I heal it 
up, though. ... 

She cleaned the cut with a dab of some purple liquid 
that smoked and stung, but then poked his shoulder 
with her wand, and he felt it heal instantly. 

  394 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Now, just sit quietly for a minute  sit! And then you 
can go and get your score. 

She bustled out of the tent and he heard her go next 
door and say, How does it feel now, Diggory? 

Harry didnt want to sit still: He was too full of 
adrenaline. He got to his feet, wanting to see what 
was going on outside, but before hed reached the 
mouth of the tent, two people had come darting inside 
 Hermione, followed closely by Ron. 

Harry, you were brilliant! Hermione said squeakily. 
There were fingernail marks on her face where she 
had been clutching it in fear. You were amazing! You 
really were! 

But Harry was looking at Ron, who was very white 
and staring at Harry as though he were a ghost. 

Harry, he said, very seriously, whoever put your 
name in that goblet  I  I reckon theyre trying to 
do you in! 

It was as though the last few weeks had never 
happened  as though Harry were meeting Ron for 
the first time, right after hed been made champion. 

Caught on, have you? said Harry coldly. Took you 
long enough. 

Hermione stood nervously between them, looking 
from one to the other. Ron opened his mouth 
uncertainly. Harry knew Ron was about to apologize 
and suddenly he found he didnt need to hear it. 

Its okay, he said, before Ron could get the words 
out. Forget it. 



  395 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, said Ron, I shouldntve   



 Forget it, Harry said. 

Ron grinned nervously at him, and Harry grinned 
back. 

Hermione burst into tears. 

Theres nothing to cry about! Harry told her, 
bewildered. 

You two are so stupid). she shouted, stamping her 
foot on the ground, tears splashing down her front. 
Then, before either of them could stop her, she had 
given both of them a hug and dashed away, now 
positively howling. 

Barking mad, said Ron, shaking his head. Harry, 
cmon, theyll be putting up your scores. ... 

Picking up the golden egg and his Firebolt, feeling 
more elated than he would have believed possible an 
hour ago, Harry ducked out of the tent, Ron by his 
side, talking fast. 

You were the best, you know, no competition. Cedric 
did this weird thing where he Transfigured a rock on 
the ground . . . turned it into a dog ... he was trying to 
make the dragon go for the dog instead of him. Well, 
it was a pretty cool bit of Transfiguration, and it sort 
of worked, because he did get the egg, but he got 
burned as well  the dragon changed its mind 
halfway through and decided it would rather have 
him than the Labrador; he only just got away. And 
that Fleur girl tried this sort of charm, I think she 
was trying to put it into a trance  well, that kind of 
worked too, it went all sleepy, but then it snored, and 
this great jet of flame shot out, and her skirt caught 
  396 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




fire  she put it out with a bit of water out of her 
wand. And Krum  you wont believe this, but he 
didnt even think of flying! He was probably the best 
after you, though. Hit it with some sort of spell right 
in the eye. Only thing is, it went trampling around in 
agony and squashed half the real eggs  they took 
marks off for that, he wasnt supposed to do any 
damage to them. 

Ron drew breath as he and Harry reached the edge of 
the enclosure. Now that the Horntail had been taken 
away, Harry could see where the five judges were 
sitting  right at the other end, in raised seats 
draped in gold. 

Its marks out of ten from each one, Ron said, and 
Harry, squinting up the field, saw the first judge  
Madame Maxime  raise her wand in the air. What 
looked like a long silver ribbon shot out of it, which 
twisted itself into a large figure eight. 

Not bad! said Ron as the crowd applauded. I 
suppose she took marks off for your shoulder. ... 

Mr. Crouch came next. He shot a number nine into 
the air. 

Looking good! Ron yelled, thumping Harry on the 
back. 

Next, Dumbledore. He too put up a nine. The crowd 
was cheering harder than ever. 

Ludo Bagman  ten. 

Ten? said Harry in disbelief. But ... I got hurt. ... 
Whats he playing at? 

Harry, dont complain! Ron yelled excitedly. 

  397 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And now Karkaroff raised his wand. He paused for a 
moment, and then a number shot out of his wand too 
 four. 



What? Ron bellowed furiously. Four? You lousy, 
biased scumbag, you gave Krum ten! 

But Harry didnt care, he wouldnt have cared if 
Karkaroff had given him zero; Rons indignation on 
his behalf was worth about a hundred points to him. 
He didnt tell Ron this, of course, but his heart felt 
lighter than air as he turned to leave the enclosure. 
And it wasnt just Ron ... those werent only 
Gryffindors cheering in the crowd. When it had come 
to it, when they had seen what he was facing, most of 
the school had been on his side as well as Cedrics. ... 
He didnt care about the Slytherins, he could stand 
whatever they threw at him now. 

Youre tied in first place, Harry! You and Krum! said 
Charlie Weasley, hurrying to meet them as they set off 
back toward the school. Listen, Ive got to run, Ive 
got to go and send Mum an owl, I swore Id tell her 
what happened  but that was unbelievable! Oh yeah 
 and they told me to tell you youve got to hang 
around for a few more minutes. ... Bagman wants a 
word, back in the champions tent. 

Ron said he would wait, so Harry reentered the tent, 
which somehow looked quite different now: friendly 
and welcoming. He thought back to how hed felt 
while dodging the Horntail, and compared it to the 
long wait before hed walked out to face it. ... There 
was no comparison; the wait had been immeasurably 
worse. 

Fleur, Cedric, and Krum all came in together. One 
side of Cedrics face was covered in a thick orange 



  398 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




paste, which was presumably mending his burn. He 
grinned at Harry when he saw him. 

Good one, Harry. 

And you, said Harry, grinning back. 

Well done, all of you! said Ludo Bagman, bouncing 
into the tent and looking as pleased as though he 
personally had just got past a dragon. Now, just a 
quick few words. Youve got a nice long break before 
the second task, which will take place at half past 
nine on the morning of February the twentyfourth  
but were giving you something to think about in the 
meantime! If you look down at those golden eggs 
youre all holding, you will see that they open ... see 
the hinges there? You need to solve the clue inside 
the egg  because it will tell you what the second 
task is, and enable you to prepare for it! All clear? 
Sure? Well, off you go, then! 

Harry left the tent, rejoined Ron, and they started to 
walk back around the edge of the forest, talking hard; 
Harry wanted to hear what the other champions had 
done in more detail. Then, as they rounded the clump 
of trees behind which Harry had first heard the 
dragons roar, a witch leapt out from behind them. 

It was Rita Skeeter. She was wearing acidgreen robes 
today; the QuickQuotes Quill in her hand blended 
perfectly against them. 

Congratulations, Harry! she said, beaming at him. I 
wonder if you could give me a quick word? How you 
felt facing that dragon? How you feel now, about the 
fairness of the scoring? 

Yeah, you can have a word, said Harry savagely. 
Goodbye. 

  399 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And he set off back to the castle with Ron. 



  400 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE HOUSEELF LIBERATION FRONT 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that 
evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send 
Sirius a letter telling him that he had managed to get 
past his dragon unscathed. On the way, Harry filled 
Ron in on everything Sirius had told him about 
Karkaroff. Though shocked at first to hear that 
Karkaroff had been a Death Eater, by the time they 
entered the Owlery Ron was saying that they ought to 
have suspected it all along. 

Fits, doesnt it? he said. Remember what Malfoy 
said on the train, about his dad being friends with 
Karkaroff? Now we know where they knew each other. 
They were probably running around in masks 
together at the World Cup. ... Ill tell you one thing, 
though, Harry, if it was Karkaroff who put your name 
in the goblet, hes going to be feeling really stupid 
now, isnt he? Didnt work, did it? You only got a 
scratch! Come here  Ill do it   

Pigwidgeon was so overexcited at the idea of a delivery 
he was flying around and around Harrys head, 

  401 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  



hooting incessantly. Ron snatched Pigwidgeon out of 
the air and held him still while Harry attached the 
letter to his leg. 

Theres no way any of the other tasks are going to be 
that dangerous, how could they be? Ron went on as 
he carried Pigwidgeon to the window. You know 
what? I reckon you could win this tournament, Harry, 
Im serious. 

Harry knew that Ron was only saying this to make up 
for his behavior of the last few weeks, but he 
appreciated it all the same. Hermione, however, 
leaned against the Owlery wall, folded her arms, and 
frowned at Ron. 

Harrys got a long way to go before he finishes this 
tournament, she said seriously. If that was the first 
task, I hate to think whats coming next. 

Right little ray of sunshine, arent you? said Ron. 
You and Professor Trelawney should get together 
sometime. 

He threw Pigwidgeon out of the window. Pigwidgeon 
plummeted twelve feet before managing to pull 
himself back up again; the letter attached to his leg 
was much longer and heavier than usual  Harry 
hadnt been able to resist giving Sirius a blowbyblow 
account of exactly how he had swerved, circled, and 
dodged the Horntail. They watched Pigwidgeon 
disappear into the darkness, and then Ron said, 

Well, wed better get downstairs for your surprise 
party, Harry  Fred and George should have nicked 
enough food from the kitchens by now. 

Sure enough, when they entered the Gryffindor 
common room it exploded with cheers and yells again. 
There were mountains of cakes and flagons of 

  402 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface; Lee 
Jordan had let off some Filibusters Fireworks, so that 
the air was thick with stars and sparks; and Dean 
Thomas, who was very good at drawing, had put up 
some impressive new banners, most of which depicted 
Harry zooming around the Horntails head on his 
Firebolt, though a couple showed Cedric with his 
head on fire. 

Harry helped himself to food; he had almost forgotten 
what it was like to feel properly hungry, and sat down 
with Ron and Hermione. He couldnt believe how 
happy he felt; he had Ron back on his side, hed 
gotten through the first task, and he wouldnt have to 
face the second one for three months. 

Blimey, this is heavy, said Lee Jordan, picking up 
the golden egg, which Harry had left on a table, and 
weighing it in his hands. Open it, Harry, go on! Lets 
just see whats inside it! 

Hes supposed to work out the clue on his own, 
Hermione said swiftly. Its in the tournament rules. 



I was supposed to work out how to get past the 
dragon on my own too, Harry muttered, so only 
Hermione could hear him, and she grinned rather 
guiltily. 

Yeah, go on, Harry, open it! several people echoed. 

Lee passed Harry the egg, and Harry dug his 
fingernails into the groove that ran all the way around 
it and prised it open. 

It was hollow and completely empty  but the 
moment Harry opened it, the most horrible noise, a 
loud and screechy wailing, filled the room. The 

  403 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




nearest thing to it Harry had ever heard was the ghost 
orchestra at Nearly Headless Nicks deathday party, 
who had all been playing the musical saw. 

Shut it! Fred bellowed, his hands over his ears. 

What was that? said Seamus Finnigan, staring at 
the egg as Harry slammed it shut again. Sounded 
like a banshee. ... Maybe youve got to get past one of 
those next, Harry! 

It was someone being tortured! said Neville, who 
had gone very white and spilled sausage rolls all over 
the floor. Youre going to have to fight the Cruciatus 
Curse! 

Dont be a prat, Neville, thats illegal, said George. 
They wouldnt use the Cruciatus Curse on the 
champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy 
singing ... maybe youve got to attack him while hes 
in the shower, Harry. 

Want a jam tart, Hermione? said Fred. 

Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate he was 
offering her. Fred grinned. 

Its all right, he said. I havent done anything to 
them. Its the custard creams youve got to watch   

Neville, who had just bitten into a custard cream, 
choked and spat it out. Fred laughed. 

Just my little joke, Neville. ... 

Hermione took a jam tart. Then she said, Did you get 
all this from the kitchens, Fred? 



  404 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yep, said Fred, grinning at her. He put on a high 
pitched squeak and imitated a houseelf.  Anything 
we can get you, sir, anything at all! Theyre dead 
helpful ... get me a roast ox if I said I was peckish. 

How do you get in there? Hermione said in an 
innocently casual sort of voice. 

Easy, said Fred, concealed door behind a painting 
of a bowl of fruit. Just tickle the pear, and it giggles 
and   He stopped and looked suspiciously at her. 
Why? 

Nothing, said Hermione quickly. 

Going to try and lead the houseelves out on strike 
now, are you? said George. Going to give up all the 
leaflet stuff and try and stir them up into rebellion? 

Several people chortled. Hermione didnt answer. 

Dont you go upsetting them and telling them theyve 
got to take clothes and salaries! said Fred warningly. 
Youll put them off their cooking! 

Just then, Neville caused a slight diversion by turning 
into a large canary. 

Oh  sorry, Neville! Fred shouted over all the 
laughter. I forgot  it was the custard creams we 
hexed   

Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and 
once his feathers had fallen off, he reappeared looking 
entirely normal. He even joined in laughing. 

Canary Creams! Fred shouted to the excitable 
crowd. George and I invented them  seven Sickles 
each, a bargain! 

  405 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It was nearly one in the morning when Harry finally 
went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus, 
and Dean. Before he pulled the curtains of his four 
poster shut, Harry set his tiny model of the 
Hungarian Horntail on the table next to his bed, 
where it yawned, curled up, and closed its eyes. 

Really, Harry thought, as he pulled the hangings on 
his fourposter closed, Hagrid had a point . . . they 
were all right, really, dragons. ... 

The start of December brought wind and sleet to 
Hogwarts. Drafty though the castle always was in 
winter, Harry was glad of its fires and thick walls 
every time he passed the Durmstrang ship on the 
lake, which was pitching in the high winds, its black 
sails billowing against the dark skies. He thought the 
Beauxbatons caravan was likely to be pretty chilly 
too. Hagrid, he noticed, was keeping Madame 
Maximes horses well provided with their preferred 
drink of singlemalt whiskey; the fumes wafting from 
the trough in the corner of their paddock was enough 
to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class 
lightheaded. This was unhelpful, as they were still 
tending the horrible skrewts and needed their wits 
about them. 

Im not sure whether they hibernate or not, Hagrid 
told the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch 
next lesson. Thought wed jus try an see if they 
fancied a kip ... well jus settle em down in these 
boxes. ... 

There were now only ten skrewts left; apparently their 
desire to kill one another had not been exercised out 
of them. Each of them was now approaching six feet 
in length. Their thick gray armor; their powerful, 
scuttling legs; their fireblasting ends; their stings 
and their suckers, combined to make the skrewts the 
most repulsive things Harry had ever seen. The class 
  406 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




looked dispiritedly at the enormous boxes Hagrid had 
brought out, all lined with pillows and fluffy blankets. 

Well jus lead em in here, Hagrid said, an put the 
lids on, and well see what happens. 

But the skrewts, it transpired, did not hibernate, and 
did not appreciate being forced into pillowlined boxes 
and nailed in. Hagrid was soon yelling, Don panic, 
now, don panic! while the skrewts ramd around 
the pumpkin patch, now strewn with the smoldering 
wreckage of the boxes. Most of the class  Malfoy, 
Crabbe, and Goyle in the lead  had fled into 
Hagrid s cabin through the back door and barricaded 
themselves in; Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, 
were among those who remained outside trying to 
help Hagrid. Together they managed to restrain and 
tie up nine of the skrewts, though at the cost of 
numerous burns and cuts; finally, only one skrewt 
was left. 

Don frighten him, now! Hagrid shouted as Ron and 
Harry used their wands to shoot jets of fiery sparks at 
the skrewt, which was advancing menacingly on 
them, its sting arched, quivering, over its back. Jus 
try an slip the rope round his sting, so he won hurt 
any o the others! 

Yeah, we wouldnt want that! Ron shouted angrily 
as he and Harry backed into the wall of Hagrid s 
cabin, still holding the skrewt off with their sparks. 

Well, well, well ... this does look like fun. 

Rita Skeeter was leaning on Hagrid s garden fence, 
looking in at the mayhem. She was wearing a thick 
magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today, and 
her crocodileskin handbag was over her arm. 



  407 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hagrid launched himself forward on top of the skrewt 
that was cornering Harry and Ron and flattened it; a 
blast of fire shot out of its end, withering the 
pumpkin plants nearby. 

Who re you? Hagrid asked Rita Skeeter as he 
slipped a loop of rope around the skrewts sting and 
tightened it. 

Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter, Rita replied, 
beaming at him. Her gold teeth glinted. 

Thought Dumbledore said you weren allowed inside 
the school anymore, said Hagrid, frowning slightly as 
he got off the slightly squashed skrewt and started 
tugging it over to its fellows. 

Rita acted as though she hadnt heard what Hagrid 
had said. 

What are these fascinating creatures called? she 
asked, beaming still more widely. 

BlastEnded Skrewts, grunted Hagrid. 

Really? said Rita, apparently full of lively interest. 
Ive never heard of them before ... where do they 
come from? 

Harry noticed a dull red flush rising up out of 
Hagrids wild black beard, and his heart sank. Where 
had Hagrid got the skrewts from? Hermione, who 
seemed to be thinking along these lines, said quickly, 
Theyre very interesting, arent they? Arent they, 
Harry? 

What? Oh yeah ... ouch ... interesting, said Harry as 
she stepped on his foot. 



  408 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ah, youre here, Harry! said Rita Skeeter as she 
looked around. So you like Care of Magical 
Creatures, do you? One of your favorite lessons? 

Yes, said Harry stoutly. Hagrid beamed at him. 

Lovely, said Rita. Really lovely. Been teaching 
long? she added to Hagrid. 

Harry noticed her eyes travel over Dean (who had a 
nasty cut across one cheek), Lavender (whose robes 
were badly singed), Seamus (who was nursing several 
burnt fingers), and then to the cabin windows, where 
most of the class stood, their noses pressed against 
the glass waiting to see if the coast was clear. 

This is ony me second year, said Hagrid. 

Lovely... I dont suppose youd like to give an 
interview, would you? Share some of your experience 
of magical creatures? The Prophet does a zoological 
column every Wednesday, as Im sure you know. We 
could feature these  er  BangEnded Scoots. 

BlastEnded Skrewts, Hagrid said eagerly. Er  
yeah, why not? 

Harry had a very bad feeling about this, but there was 
no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita 
Skeeter seeing, so he had to stand and watch in 
silence as Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made 
arrangements to meet in the Three Broomsticks for a 
good long interview later that week. Then the bell 
rang up at the castle, signaling the end of the lesson. 

Well, goodbye, Harry! Rita Skeeter called merrily to 
him as he set off with Ron and Hermione. Until 
Friday night, then, Hagrid! 



  409 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Shell twist everything he says, Harry said under his 
breath. 

Just as long as he didnt import those skrewts 
illegally or anything, said Hermione desperately. 

They looked at one another  it was exactly the sort 
of thing Hagrid might do. 

Hagrids been in loads of trouble before, and 
Dumbledores never sacked him, said Ron 
consolingly. Worst that can happen is Hagridll have 
to get rid of the skrewts. Sorry ... did I say worst? I 
meant best. 

Harry and Hermione laughed, and, feeling slightly 
more cheerful, went off to lunch. 

Harry thoroughly enjoyed double Divination that 
afternoon; they were still doing star charts and 
predictions, but now that he and Ron were friends 
once more, the whole thing seemed very funny again. 
Professor Trelawney, who had been so pleased with 
the pair of them when they had been predicting their 
own horrific deaths, quickly became irritated as they 
sniggered through her explanation of the various 
ways in which Pluto could disrupt everyday life. 

I would think, she said, in a mystical whisper that 
did not conceal her obvious annoyance, that some of 
us  she stared very meaningfully at Harry  

might be a little less frivolous had they seen what I 
have seen during my crystal gazing last night. As I sat 
here, absorbed in my needlework, the urge to consult 
the orb overpowered me. I arose, I settled myself 
before it, and I gazed into its crystalline depths . . . and 
what do you think I saw gazing back at me? 

An ugly old bat in outsize specs? Ron muttered 
under his breath. 

  410 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Harry fought hard to keep his face straight. 

Death, my dears. 

Parvati and Lavender both put their hands over their 
mouths, looking horrified. 

Yes, said Professor Trelawney, nodding impressively, 
it comes, ever closer, it circles overhead like a 
vulture, ever lower ... ever lower over the castle. ... 

She stared pointedly at Harry, who yawned very 
widely and obviously. 

Itd be a bit more impressive if she hadnt done it 
about eighty times before, Harry said as they finally 
regained the fresh air of the staircase beneath 
Professor Trelawneys room. But if Id dropped dead 
every time shes told me Im going to, Id be a medical 
miracle. 

Youd be a sort of extraconcentrated ghost, said 
Ron, chortling, as they passed the Bloody Baron going 
in the opposite direction, his wide eyes staring 
sinisterly. At least we didnt get homework. I hope 
Hermione got loads off Professor Vector, I love not 
working when she is. ... 

But Hermione wasnt at dinner, nor was she in the 
library when they went to look for her afterward. The 
only person in there was Viktor Krum. Ron hovered 
behind the bookshelves for a while, watching Krum, 
debating in whispers with Harry whether he should 
ask for an autograph  but then Ron realized that six 
or seven girls were lurking in the next row of books, 
debating exactly the same thing, and he lost his 
enthusiasm for the idea. 



  411 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Wonder where shes got to? Ron said as he and 
Harry went back to Gryffindor Tower. 



Dunno ... balderdash. 

But the Fat Lady had barely begun to swing forward 
when the sound of racing feet behind them 
announced Hermiones arrival. 

Harry! she panted, skidding to a halt beside him 
(the Fat Lady stared down at her, eyebrows raised). 
Harry, youve got to come  youve got to come, the 
most amazing things happened  please   

She seized Harrys arm and started to try to drag him 
back along the corridor. 

Whats the matter? Harry said. 

Ill show you when we get there  oh come on, quick 



Harry looked around at Ron; he looked back at Harry, 
intrigued. 

Okay, Harry said, starting off back down the 
corridor with Hermione, Ron hurrying to keep up. 

Oh dont mind me! the Fat Lady called irritably after 
them. Dont apologize for bothering me! Ill just hang 
here, wide open, until you get back, shall I? 

Yeah, thanks! Ron shouted over his shoulder. 

Hermione, where are we going? Harry asked, after 
she had led them down through six floors, and 
started down the marble staircase into the entrance 
hall. 



  412 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Youll see, youll see in a minute! said Hermione 
excitedly. 

She turned left at the bottom of the staircase and 
hurried toward the door through which Cedric 
Diggory had gone the night after the Goblet of Fire 
had regurgitated his and Harrys names. Harry had 
never been through here before. He and Ron followed 
Hermione down a flight of stone steps, but instead of 
ending up in a gloomy underground passage like the 
one that led to Snapes dungeon, they found 
themselves in a broad stone corridor, brightly lit with 
torches, and decorated with cheerful paintings that 
were mainly of food. 

Oh hang on ... said Harry slowly, halfway down the 
corridor. Wait a minute, Hermione. ... 

What? She turned around to look at him, 
anticipation all over her face. 

I know what this is about, said Harry. 

He nudged Ron and pointed to the painting just 
behind Hermione. It showed a gigantic silver fruit 
bowl. 

Hermione! said Ron, cottoning on. Youre trying to 
rope us into that spew stuff again! 

No, no, Im not! she said hastily. And its not spew, 
Ron   

Changed the name, have you? said Ron, frowning at 
her. What are we now, then, the HouseElf Liberation 
Front? Im not barging into that kitchen and trying to 
make them stop work, Im not doing it   



  413 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Tm not asking you to! Hermione said impatiently. I 
came down here just now, to talk to them all, and I 
found  oh come on, Harry, I want to show you! 

She seized his arm again, pulled him in front of the 
picture of the giant fruit bowl, stretched out her 
forefinger, and tickled the huge green pear. It began 
to squirm, chuckling, and suddenly turned into a 
large green door handle. Hermione seized it, pulled 
the door open, and pushed Harry hard in the back, 
forcing him inside. 

He had one brief glimpse of an enormous, high 
ceilinged room, large as the Great Hall above it, with 
mounds of glittering brass pots and pans heaped 
around the stone walls, and a great brick fireplace at 
the other end, when something small hurtled toward 
him from the middle of the room, squealing, Harry 
Potter, sir! Harry Potteri 

Next second all the wind had been knocked out of 
him as the squealing elf hit him hard in the midriff, 
hugging him so tightly he thought his ribs would 
break. 

DDobby? Harry gasped. 

It is Dobby, sir, it is! squealed the voice from 
somewhere around his navel. Dobby has been 
hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry 
Potter has come to see him, sir! 

Dobby let go and stepped back a few paces, beaming 
up at Harry, his enormous, green, tennisballshaped 
eyes brimming with tears of happiness. He looked 
almost exactly as Harry remembered him; the pencil 
shaped nose, the batlike ears, the long fingers and 
feet  all except the clothes, which were very 
different. 

  414 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




When Dobby had worked for the Malfoys, he had 
always worn the same filthy old pillowcase. Now, 
however, he was wearing the strangest assortment of 
garments Harry had ever seen; he had done an even 
worse job of dressing himself than the wizards at the 
World Cup. He was wearing a tea cozy for a hat, on 
which he had pinned a number of bright badges; a tie 
patterned with horseshoes over a bare chest, a pair of 
what looked like childrens soccer shorts, and odd 
socks. One of these, Harry saw, was the black one 
Harry had removed from his own foot and tricked Mr. 
Malfoy into giving Dobby, thereby setting Dobby free. 
The other was covered in pink and orange stripes. 

Dobby, whatre you doing here? Harry said in 
amazement. 

Dobby has come to work at Hogwarts, sir! Dobby 
squealed excitedly. Professor Dumbledore gave 
Dobby and Winky jobs, sir! 

Winky? said Harry. Shes here too? 

Yes, sir, yes! said Dobby, and he seized Harrys 
hand and pulled him off into the kitchen between the 
four long wooden tables that stood there. Each of 
these tables, Harry noticed as he passed them, was 
positioned exactly beneath the four House tables 
above, in the Great Hall. At the moment, they were 
clear of food, dinner having finished, but he supposed 
that an hour ago they had been laden with dishes 
that were then sent up through the ceiling to their 
counterparts above. 

At least a hundred little elves were standing around 
the kitchen, beaming, bowing, and curtsying as 
Dobby led Harry past them. They were all wearing the 
same uniform: a tea towel stamped with the Hogwarts 
crest, and tied, as Winkys had been, like a toga. 

  415 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dobby stopped in front of the brick fireplace and 
pointed. 

Winky, sir! he said. 

Winky was sitting on a stool by the fire. Unlike 
Dobby, she had obviously not foraged for clothes. She 
was wearing a neat little skirt and blouse with a 
matching blue hat, which had holes in it for her large 
ears. However, while every one of Dobby s strange 
collection of garments was so clean and well cared for 
that it looked brandnew, Winky was plainly not 
taking care of her clothes at all. There were soup 
stains all down her blouse and a burn in her skirt. 

Hello, Winky, said Harry. 

Winkys lip quivered. Then she burst into tears, which 
spilled out of her great brown eyes and splashed 
down her front, just as they had done at the 
Quidditch World Cup. 

Oh dear, said Hermione. She and Ron had followed 
Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen. Winky, 
dont cry, please dont ... 

But Winky cried harder than ever. Dobby, on the 
other hand, beamed up at Harry. 

Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea? he squeaked 
loudly, over Winkys sobs. 

Er  yeah, okay, said Harry. 

Instantly, about six houseelves came trotting up 
behind him, bearing a large silver tray laden with a 
teapot, cups for Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a milk 
jug, and a large plate of biscuits. 



  416 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Good service! Ron said, in an impressed voice. 
Hermione frowned at him, but the elves all looked 
delighted; they bowed very low and retreated. 

How long have you been here, Dobby? Harry asked 
as Dobby handed around the tea. 

Only a week, Harry Potter, sir! said Dobby happily. 
Dobby came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. You 
see, sir, it is very difficult for a houseelf who has 
been dismissed to get a new position, sir, very difficult 
indeed   

At this, Winky howled even harder, her squashed 
tomato of a nose dribbling all down her front, though 
she made no effort to stem the flow. 

Dobby has traveled the country for two whole years, 
sir, trying to find work! Dobby squeaked. But Dobby 
hasnt found work, sir, because Dobby wants paying 
now! 

The houseelves all around the kitchen, who had been 
listening and watching with interest, all looked away 
at these words, as though Dobby had said something 
rude and embarrassing. Hermione, however, said, 
Good for you, Dobby! 

Thank you, miss! said Dobby, grinning toothily at 
her. But most wizards doesnt want a houseelf who 
wants paying, miss. Thats not the point of a house 
elf, they says, and they slammed the door in Dobby s 
face! Dobby likes work, but he wants to wear clothes 
and he wants to be paid, Harry Potter. . . . Dobby likes 
being free! 

The Hogwarts houseelves had now started edging 
away from Dobby, as though he were carrying 
something contagious. Winky, however, remained 

  417 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




where she was, though there was a definite increase 
in the volume of her crying. 

And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, 
and finds out Winky has been freed too, sir! said 
Dobby delightedly. 

At this, Winky flung herself forward off her stool and 
lay facedown on the flagged stone floor, beating her 
tiny fists upon it and positively screaming with 
misery. Hermione hastily dropped down to her knees 
beside her and tried to comfort her, but nothing she 
said made the slightest difference. Dobby continued 
with his story, shouting shrilly over Winkys 
screeches. 

And then Dobby had the idea, Harry Potter, sir! Why 
doesnt Dobby and Winky find work together? Dobby 
says. Where is there enough work for two house 
elves? says Winky. And Dobby thinks, and it comes 
to him, sir! Hogwarts\ So Dobby and Winky came to 
see Professor Dumbledore, sir, and Professor 
Dumbledore took us on! 

Dobby beamed very brightly, and happy tears welled 
in his eyes again. 

And Professor Dumbledore says he will pay Dobby, 
sir, if Dobby wants paying! And so Dobby is a free elf, 
sir, and Dobby gets a Galleon a week and one day off 
a month! 

Thats not very much! Hermione shouted 
indignantly from the floor, over Winkys continued 
screaming and fistbeating. 

Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten Galleons a 
week, and weekends off, said Dobby, suddenly giving 
a little shiver, as though the prospect of so much 

  418 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




leisure and riches were frightening, but Dobby beat 
him down, miss. ... Dobby likes freedom, miss, but he 
isnt wanting too much, miss, he likes work better. 

And how much is Professor Dumbledore paying you, 
Winky? Hermione asked kindly. 

If she had thought this would cheer up Winky, she 
was wildly mistaken. Winky did stop crying, but when 
she sat up she was glaring at Hermione through her 
massive brown eyes, her whole face sopping wet and 
suddenly furious. 

Winky is a disgraced elf, but Winky is not yet getting 
paid! she squeaked. Winky is not sunk so low as 
that! Winky is properly ashamed of being freed! 

Ashamed? said Hermione blankly. But  Winky, 
come on! Its Mr. Crouch who should be ashamed, not 
you! You didnt do anything wrong, he was really 
horrible to you   

But at these words, Winky clapped her hands over 
the holes in her hat, flattening her ears so that she 
couldnt hear a word, and screeched, You is not 
insulting my master, miss! You is not insulting Mr. 
Crouch! Mr. Crouch is a good wizard, miss! Mr. 
Crouch is right to sack bad Winky! 

Winky is having trouble adjusting, Harry Potter, 
squeaked Dobby confidentially. Winky forgets she is 
not bound to Mr. Crouch anymore; she is allowed to 
speak her mind now, but she wont do it. 

Cant houseelves speak their minds about their 
masters, then? Harry asked. 

Oh no, sir, no, said Dobby, looking suddenly 
serious.  Tis part of the houseelfs enslavement, sir. 

  419 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




We keeps their secrets and our silence, sir. We 
upholds the familys honor, and we never speaks ill of 
them  though Professor Dumbledore told Dobby he 
does not insist upon this. Professor Dumbledore said 
we is free to  to   

Dobby looked suddenly nervous and beckoned Harry 
closer. Harry bent forward. Dobby whispered, He 
said we is free to call him a  a barmy old codger if 
we likes, sir! 

Dobby gave a frightened sort of giggle. 

But Dobby is not wanting to, Harry Potter, he said, 
talking normally again, and shaking his head so that 
his ears flapped. Dobby likes Professor Dumbledore 
very much, sir, and is proud to keep his secrets and 
our silence for him. 

But you can say what you like about the Malfoys 
now? Harry asked him, grinning. 

A slightly fearful look came into Dobbys immense 
eyes. 

Dobby  Dobby could, he said doubtfully. He 
squared his small shoulders. Dobby could tell Harry 
Potter that his old masters were  were  bad Dark 
wizards'. 

Dobby stood for a moment, quivering all over, horror 
struck by his own daring  then he rushed over to 
the nearest table and began banging his head on it 
very hard, squealing,  Bad Dobby ! Bad Dobby\ 

Harry seized Dobby by the back of his tie and pulled 
him away from the table. 



  420 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Thank you, Harry Potter, thank you, said Dobby 
breathlessly, rubbing his head. 

You just need a bit of practice, Harry said. 

Practice! squealed Winky furiously. You is ought to 
be ashamed of yourself, Dobby, talking that way 
about your masters! 

They isnt my masters anymore, Winky! said Dobby 
defiantly. Dobby doesnt care what they think 
anymore! 

Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby! moaned Winky, tears 
leaking down her face once more. My poor Mr. 
Crouch, what is he doing without Winky? He is 
needing me, he is needing my help! I is looking after 
the Crouches all my life, and my mother is doing it 
before me, and my grandmother is doing it before her 
...oh what is they saying if they knew Winky was 
freed? Oh the shame, the shame! She buried her face 
in her skirt again and bawled. 

Winky, said Hermione firmly, Im quite sure Mr. 
Crouch is getting along perfectly well without you. 
Weve seen him, you know   

You is seeing my master? said Winky breathlessly, 
raising her tearstained face out of her skirt once more 
and goggling at Hermione. You is seeing him here at 
Hogwarts? 

Yes, said Hermione, he and Mr. Bagman are judges 
in the Triwizard Tournament. 

Mr. Bagman comes too? squeaked Winky, and to 
Harrys great surprise (and Rons and Hermiones too, 
by the looks on their faces), she looked angry again. 



  421 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mr. Bagman is a bad wizard! A very bad wizard! My 
master isnt liking him, oh no, not at all! 

Bagman  bad? said Harry. 

Oh yes, Winky said, nodding her head furiously. 

My master is telling Winky some things! But Winky 
is not saying ... Winky  Winky keeps her masters 
secrets. ... 

She dissolved yet again in tears; they could hear her 
sobbing into her skirt, Poor master, poor master, no 
Winky to help him no more! 

They couldnt get another sensible word out of Winky. 
They left her to her crying and finished their tea, 
while Dobby chatted happily about his life as a free elf 
and his plans for his wages. 

Dobby is going to buy a sweater next, Harry Potter! 
he said happily, pointing at his bare chest. 

Tell you what, Dobby, said Ron, who seemed to have 
taken a great liking to the elf, Ill give you the one my 
mum knits me this Christmas, I always get one from 
her. You dont mind maroon, do you? 

Dobby was delighted. 

We might have to shrink it a bit to fit you, Ron told 
him, but itll go well with your tea cozy. 

As they prepared to take their leave, many of the 
surrounding elves pressed in upon them, offering 
snacks to take back upstairs. Hermione refused, with 
a pained look at the way the elves kept bowing and 
curtsying, but Harry and Ron loaded their pockets 
with cream cakes and pies. 



  422 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Thanks a lot! Harry said to the elves, who had all 
clustered around the door to say good night. See 
you, Dobby! 

Harry Potter . . . can Dobby come and see you 
sometimes, sir? Dobby asked tentatively. 

 Course you can, said Harry, and Dobby beamed. 

You know what? said Ron, once he, Hermione, and 
Harry had left the kitchens behind and were climbing 
the steps into the entrance hall again. All these years 
Ive been really impressed with Fred and George, 
nicking food from the kitchens  well, its not exactly 
difficult, is it? They cant wait to give it away! 

I think this is the best thing that could have 
happened to those elves, you know, said Hermione, 
leading the way back up the marble staircase. Dobby 
coming to work here, I mean. The other elves will see 
how happy he is, being free, and slowly itll dawn on 
them that they want that too! 

Lets hope they dont look too closely at Winky, said 
Harry. 

Oh shell cheer up, said Hermione, though she 
sounded a bit doubtful. Once the shocks worn off, 
and shes got used to Hogwarts, shell see how much 
better off she is without that Crouch man. 

She seems to love him, said Ron thickly (he had just 
started on a cream cake) . 

Doesnt think much of Bagman, though, does she? 
said Harry. Wonder what Crouch says at home about 
him? 



  423 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Probably says hes not a very good Head of 
Department, said Hermione, and lets face it ... hes 
got a point, hasnt he? 

Id still rather work for him than old Crouch, said 
Ron. At least Bagmans got a sense of humor. 

Dont let Percy hear you saying that, Hermione said, 
smiling slightly. 

Yeah, well, Percy wouldnt want to work for anyone 
with a sense of humor, would he? said Ron, now 
starting on a chocolate eclair. Percy wouldnt 
recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of him 
wearing Dobbys tea cozy. 



  424 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   





THE UNEXPECTED TASK 

Potter! Weasley! Will you pay attention? 

Professor McGonagalls irritated voice cracked like a 
whip through the Transfiguration class on Thursday, 
and Harry and Ron both jumped and looked up. 

It was the end of the lesson; they had finished their 
work; the guinea fowl they had been changing into 
guinea pigs had been shut away in a large cage on 
Professor McGonagalls desk (Nevilles still had 
feathers); they had copied down their homework from 
the blackboard (Describe, with examples, the ways in 
which Transforming Spells must be adapted when 
performing CrossSpecies Switches). The bell was due 
to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had 
been having a sword fight with a couple of Fred and 
Georges fake wands at the back of the class, looked 
up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber 
haddock. 

Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough 
to act their age, said Professor McGonagall, with an 

  425 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



angry look at the pair of them as the head of Harrys 
haddock drooped and fell silently to the floor  Rons 
parrots beak had severed it moments before  I 
have something to say to you all. 

The Yule Ball is approaching  a traditional part of 
the Triwizard Tournament and an opportunity for us 
to socialize with our foreign guests. Now, the ball will 
be open only to fourth years and above  although 
you may invite a younger student if you wish   

Lavender Brown let out a shrill giggle. Parvati Patil 
nudged her hard in the ribs, her face working 
furiously as she too fought not to giggle. They both 
looked around at Harry. Professor McGonagall 
ignored them, which Harry thought was distinctly 
unfair, as she had just told off him and Ron. 

Dress robes will be worn, Professor McGonagall 
continued, and the ball will start at eight oclock on 
Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the Great 
Hall. Now then   

Professor McGonagall stared deliberately around the 
class. 

The Yule Ball is of course a chance for us all to  er 
 let our hair down, she said, in a disapproving 
voice. 

Lavender giggled harder than ever, with her hand 
pressed hard against her mouth to stifle the sound. 
Harry could see what was funny this time: Professor 
McGonagall, with her hair in a tight bun, looked as 
though she had never let her hair down in any sense. 

But that does NOT mean, Professor McGonagall 
went on, that we will be relaxing the standards of 
behavior we expect from Hogwarts students. I will be 

  426 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




most seriously displeased if a Gryffindor student 
embarrasses the school in any way. 

The bell rang, and there was the usual scuffle of 
activity as everyone packed their bags and swung 
them onto their shoulders. 

Professor McGonagall called above the noise, Potter 
 a word, if you please. 

Assuming this had something to do with his headless 
rubber haddock, Harry proceeded gloomily to the 
teachers desk. Professor McGonagall waited until the 
rest of the class had gone, and then said, Potter, the 
champions and their partners   

What partners? said Harry. 

Professor McGonagall looked suspiciously at him, as 
though she thought he was trying to be funny. 

Your partners for the Yule Ball, Potter, she said 
coldly. Your dance partners. 

Harrys insides seemed to curl up and shrivel. 

Dance partners? He felt himself going red. I dont 
dance, he said quickly. 

Oh yes, you do, said Professor McGonagall irritably. 
Thats what Im telling you. Traditionally, the 
champions and their partners open the ball. 

Harry had a sudden mental image of himself in a top 
hat and tails, accompanied by a girl in the sort of 
frilly dress Aunt Petunia always wore to Uncle 
Vernons work parties. 

Im not dancing, he said. 

  427 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It is traditional, said Professor McGonagall firmly. 
You are a Hogwarts champion, and you will do what 
is expected of you as a representative of the school. 

So make sure you get yourself a partner, Potter. 

But  I dont   

You heard me, Potter, said Professor McGonagall in 
a very final sort of way. 

A week ago, Harry would have said finding a partner 
for a dance would be a cinch compared to taking on a 
Hungarian Horntail. But now that he had done the 
latter, and was facing the prospect of asking a girl to 
the ball, he thought hed rather have another round 
with the dragon. 

Harry had never known so many people to put their 
names down to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas; he 
always did, of course, because the alternative was 
usually going back to Privet Drive, but he had always 
been very much in the minority before now. This year, 
however, everyone in the fourth year and above 
seemed to be staying, and they all seemed to Harry to 
be obsessed with the coming ball  or at least all the 
girls were, and it was amazing how many girls 
Hogwarts suddenly seemed to hold; he had never 
quite noticed that before. Girls giggling and 
whispering in the corridors, girls shrieking with 
laughter as boys passed them, girls excitedly 
comparing notes on what they were going to wear on 
Christmas night. ... 

Why do they have to move in packs? Harry asked 
Ron as a dozen or so girls walked past them, 
sniggering and staring at Harry. Howre you 
supposed to get one on their own to ask them? 



  428 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Lasso one? Ron suggested. Got any idea who youre 
going to try? 

Harry didnt answer. He knew perfectly well whom 
hed like to ask, but working up the nerve was 
something else. ... Cho was a year older than he was; 
she was very pretty; she was a very good Quidditch 
player, and she was also very popular. 

Ron seemed to know what was going on inside 
Harrys head. 

Listen, youre not going to have any trouble. Youre a 
champion. Youve just beaten a Hungarian Horntail. I 
bet they 11 be queuing up to go with you. 

In tribute to their recently repaired friendship, Ron 
had kept the bitterness in his voice to a bare 
minimum. Moreover, to Harrys amazement, he 
turned out to be quite right. 

A curlyhaired thirdyear Hufflepuff girl to whom 
Harry had never spoken in his life asked him to go to 
the ball with her the very next day. Harry was so 
taken aback he said no before hed even stopped to 
consider the matter. The girl walked off looking rather 
hurt, and Harry had to endure Deans, Seamuss, and 
Rons taunts about her all through History of Magic. 
The following day, two more girls asked him, a second 
year and (to his horror) a fifth year who looked as 
though she might knock him out if he refused. 

She was quite goodlooking, said Ron fairly, after 
hed stopped laughing. 

She was a foot taller than me, said Harry, still 
unnerved. Imagine what Id look like trying to dance 
with her. 



  429 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermiones words about Krum kept coming back to 
him. They only like him because hes famous! Harry 
doubted very much if any of the girls who had asked 
to be his partner so far would have wanted to go to 
the ball with him if he hadnt been a school 
champion. Then he wondered if this would bother 
him if Cho asked him. 

On the whole, Harry had to admit that even with the 
embarrassing prospect of opening the ball before him, 
life had definitely improved since he had got through 
the first task. He wasnt attracting nearly as much 
unpleasantness in the corridors anymore, which he 
suspected had a lot to do with Cedric  he had an 
idea Cedric might have told the Hufflepuffs to leave 
Harry alone, in gratitude for Harrys tipoff about the 
dragons. There seemed to be fewer Support Cedric 
Diggoryl badges around too. Draco Malfoy, of course, 
was still quoting Rita Skeeters article to him at every 
possible opportunity, but he was getting fewer and 
fewer laughs out of it  and just to heighten Harrys 
feeling of wellbeing, no story about Hagrid had 
appeared in the Daily Prophet 

She didn seem very intrested in magical creatures, 
ter tell yeh the truth, Hagrid said, when Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione asked him how his interview with Rita 
Skeeter had gone during the last Care of Magical 
Creatures lesson of the term. To their very great relief, 
Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the 
skrewts now, and they were merely sheltering behind 
his cabin today, sitting at a trestle table and 
preparing a fresh selection of food with which to 
tempt the skrewts. 

She jus wanted me ter talk about you, Harry, 

Hagrid continued in a low voice. Well, I told her wed 
been friends since I went ter fetch yeh from the 
Dursleys. Never had to tell him off in four years? she 

  430 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




said. Never played you up in lessons, has he? I told 
her no, an she didn seem happy at all. Yehd think 
she wanted me to say yeh were horrible, Harry. 

 Course she did, said Harry, throwing lumps of 
dragon liver into a large metal bowl and picking up 
his knife to cut some more. She cant keep writing 
about what a tragic little hero I am, itll get boring. 

She wants a new angle, Hagrid, said Ron wisely as 
he shelled salamander eggs. You were supposed to 
say Harrys a mad delinquent! 

But hes not! said Hagrid, looking genuinely 
shocked. 

She shouldve interviewed Snape, said Harry grimly. 
Hed give her the goods on me any day. Potter has 
been crossing lines ever since he first arrived at this 
school. . . .   

Said that, did he? said Hagrid, while Ron and 
Hermione laughed. Well, yeh mightve bent a few 
rules, Harry, bu yehre all righ really, aren you? 

Cheers, Hagrid, said Harry, grinning. 

You coming to this ball thing on Christmas Day, 
Hagrid? said Ron. 

Though I might look in on it, yeah, said Hagrid 
gruffly. Should be a good do, I reckon. Youll be 
openin the dancin, won yeh, Harry? Who re you 
takin? 

No one, yet, said Harry, feeling himself going red 
again. Hagrid didnt pursue the subject. 



  431 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The last week of term became increasingly boisterous 
as it progressed. Rumors about the Yule Ball were 
flying everywhere, though Harry didnt believe half of 
them  for instance, that Dumbledore had bought 
eight hundred barrels of mulled mead from Madam 
Rosmerta. It seemed to be fact, however, that he had 
booked the Weird Sisters. Exactly who or what the 
Weird Sisters were Harry didnt know, never having 
had access to a wizards wireless, but he deduced 
from the wild excitement of those who had grown up 
listening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) 
that they were a very famous musical group. 

Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, 
gave up trying to teach them much when their minds 
were so clearly elsewhere; he allowed them to play 
games in his lesson on Wednesday, and spent most of 
it talking to Harry about the perfect Summoning 
Charm Harry had used during the first task of the 
Triwizard Tournament. Other teachers were not so 
generous. Nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns, 
for example, from plowing on through his notes on 
goblin rebellions  as Binns hadnt let his own death 
stand in the way of continuing to teach, they 
supposed a small thing like Christmas wasnt going to 
put him off. It was amazing how he could make even 
bloody and vicious goblin riots sound as boring as 
Percys cauldronbottom report. Professors 
McGonagall and Moody kept them working until the 
very last second of their classes too, and Snape, of 
course, would no sooner let them play games in class 
than adopt Harry. Staring nastily around at them all, 
he informed them that he would be testing them on 
poison antidotes during the last lesson of the term. 

Evil, he is, Ron said bitterly that night in the 
Gryffindor common room. Springing a test on us on 
the last day. Ruining the last bit of term with a whole 
load of studying. 

  432 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mmm ... youre not exactly straining yourself, 
though, are you? said Hermione, looking at him over 
the top of her Potions notes. Ron was busy building a 
card castle out of his Exploding Snap pack  a much 
more interesting pastime than with Muggle cards, 
because of the chance that the whole thing would 
blow up at any second. 

Its Christmas, Hermione, said Harry lazily; he was 
rereading Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time 
in an armchair near the fire. 

Hermione looked severely over at him too. Id have 
thought youd be doing something constructive, 

Harry, even if you dont want to learn your antidotes! 

Like what? Harry said as he watched Joey Jenkins 
of the Cannons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle 
Bats Chaser. 

That egg! Hermione hissed. 

Come on, Hermione, Ive got till February the twenty 
fourth, Harry said. 

He had put the golden egg upstairs in his trunk and 
hadnt opened it since the celebration party after the 
first task. There were still two and a half months to go 
until he needed to know what all the screechy wailing 
meant, after all. 

But it might take weeks to work it out! said 
Hermione. Youre going to look a real idiot if everyone 
else knows what the next task is and you dont! 

Leave him alone, Hermione, hes earned a bit of a 
break, said Ron, and he placed the last two cards on 
top of the castle and the whole lot blew up, singeing 
his eyebrows. 

  433 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Nice look, Ron ... go well with your dress robes, that 
will. 



It was Fred and George. They sat down at the table 
with Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Ron felt how much 
damage had been done. 

Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon? George asked. 

No, hes off delivering a letter, said Ron. Why? 

Because George wants to invite him to the ball, said 
Fred sarcastically. 

Because we want to send a letter, you stupid great 
prat, said George. 

Who dyou two keep writing to, eh? said Ron. 

Nose out, Ron, or Ill burn that for you too, said 
Fred, waving his wand threateningly. So ... you lot 
got dates for the ball yet? 

Nope, said Ron. 

Well, youd better hurry up, mate, or all the good 
ones will be gone, said Fred. 

Whore you going with, then? said Ron. 

Angelina, said Fred promptly, without a trace of 
embarrassment. 

What? said Ron, taken aback. Youve already asked 
her? 

Good point, said Fred. He turned his head and 
called across the common room, Oi! Angelina! 

  434 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Angelina, who had been chatting with Alicia Spinnet 
near the fire, looked over at him. 



What? she called back. 

Want to come to the ball with me? 

Angelina gave Fred an appraising sort of look. 

All right, then, she said, and she turned back to 
Alicia and carried on chatting with a bit of a grin on 
her face. 

There you go, said Fred to Harry and Ron, piece of 
cake. 

He got to his feet, yawning, and said, Wed better use 
a school owl then, George, come on. ... 

They left. Ron stopped feeling his eyebrows and 
looked across the smoldering wreck of his card castle 
at Harry. 

We should get a move on, you know ... ask someone. 
Hes right. We dont want to end up with a pair of 
trolls. 

Hermione let out a sputter of indignation. 

A pair of . . . what, excuse me? 

Well  you know, said Ron, shrugging. Id rather 
go alone than with  with Eloise Midgen, say. 

Her acnes loads better lately  and shes really 
nice! 

Her nose is offcenter, said Ron. 

  435 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh I see, Hermione said, bristling. So basically, 
youre going to take the bestlooking girl wholl have 
you, even if shes completely horrible? 

Er  yeah, that sounds about right, said Ron. 

Im going to bed, Hermione snapped, and she swept 
off toward the girls staircase without another word. 

The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a continued desire 
to impress the visitors from Beauxbatons and 
Durmstrang, seemed determined to show the castle at 
its best this Christmas. When the decorations went 
up, Harry noticed that they were the most stunning 
he had yet seen inside the school. Everlasting icicles 
had been attached to the banisters of the marble 
staircase; the usual twelve Christmas trees in the 
Great Hall were bedecked with everything from 
luminous holly berries to real, hooting, golden owls, 
and the suits of armor had all been bewitched to sing 
carols whenever anyone passed them. It was quite 
something to hear O Come, All Ye Faithful sung by 
an empty helmet that only knew half the words. 
Several times, Filch the caretaker had to extract 
Peeves from inside the armor, where he had taken to 
hiding, filling in the gaps in the songs with lyrics of 
his own invention, all of which were very rude. 

And still, Harry hadnt asked Cho to the ball. He and 
Ron were getting very nervous now, though as Harry 
pointed out, Ron would look much less stupid than 
he would without a partner; Harry was supposed to 
be starting the dancing with the other champions. 

I suppose theres always Moaning Myrtle, he said 
gloomily, referring to the ghost who haunted the girls 
toilets on the second floor. 



  436 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry  weve just got to grit our teeth and do it, 
said Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that suggested 
they were planning the storming of an impregnable 
fortress. When we get back to the common room 
tonight, well both have partners  agreed? 

Er ... okay, said Harry. 

But every time he glimpsed Cho that day  during 
break, and then lunchtime, and once on the way to 
History of Magic  she was surrounded by friends. 
Didnt she ever go anywhere alone? Could he perhaps 
ambush her as she was going into a bathroom? But 
no  she even seemed to go there with an escort of 
four or five girls. Yet if he didnt do it soon, she was 
bound to have been asked by somebody else. 

He found it hard to concentrate on Snapes Potions 
test, and consequently forgot to add the key 
ingredient  a bezoar  meaning that he received 
bottom marks. He didnt care, though; he was too 
busy screwing up his courage for what he was about 
to do. When the bell rang, he grabbed his bag, and 
hurried to the dungeon door. 

Ill meet you at dinner, he said to Ron and 
Hermione, and he dashed off upstairs. 

Hed just have to ask Cho for a private word, that was 
all. ... He hurried off through the packed corridors 
looking for her, and (rather sooner than he had 
expected) he found her, emerging from a Defense 
Against the Dark Arts lesson. 

Er  Cho? Could I have a word with you? 

Giggling should be made illegal, Harry thought 
furiously, as all the girls around Cho started doing it. 



  437 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




She didnt, though. She said, Okay, and followed 
him out of earshot of her classmates. 

Harry turned to look at her and his stomach gave a 
weird lurch as though he had missed a step going 
downstairs. 

Er, he said. 

He couldnt ask her. He couldnt. But he had to. Cho 
stood there looking puzzled, watching him. 

The words came out before Harry had quite got his 
tongue around them. 

Wangoballwime? 

Sorry? said Cho. 

Dyou  dyou want to go to the ball with me? said 
Harry. Why did he have to go red now? Why ? 

Oh! said Cho, and she went red too. Oh Harry, Im 
really sorry, and she truly looked it. Ive already said 
Ill go with someone else. 

Oh, said Harry. 

It was odd; a moment before his insides had been 
writhing like snakes, but suddenly he didnt seem to 
have any insides at all. 

Oh okay, he said, no problem. 

Im really sorry, she said again. 

Thats okay, said Harry. 



  438 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They stood there looking at each other, and then Cho 
said, Well   

Yeah, said Harry. 

Well, bye, said Cho, still very red. She walked away. 
Harry called after her, before he could stop himself. 
Who re you going with? 

Oh  Cedric, she said. Cedric Diggory. 

Oh right, said Harry. 

His insides had come back again. It felt as though 
they had been filled with lead in their absence. 

Completely forgetting about dinner, he walked slowly 
back up to Gryffindor Tower, Chos voice echoing in 
his ears with every step he took.  Cedric  Cedric 
Diggory. He had been starting to quite like Cedric  
prepared to overlook the fact that he had once beaten 
him at Quidditch, and was handsome, and popular, 
and nearly everyones favorite champion. Now he 
suddenly realized that Cedric was in fact a useless 
pretty boy who didnt have enough brains to fill an 
eggcup. 

Fairy lights, he said dully to the Fat Lady  the 
password had been changed the previous day. 

Yes, indeed, dear! she trilled, straightening her new 
tinsel hair band as she swung forward to admit him. 

Entering the common room, Harry looked around, 
and to his surprise he saw Ron sitting ashenfaced in 
a distant corner. Ginny was sitting with him, talking 
to him in what seemed to be a low, soothing voice. 

  439 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Whats up, Ron? said Harry, joining them. 



Ron looked up at Harry, a sort of blind horror in his 
face. 

Why did I do it? he said wildly. I dont know what 
made me do it! 

What? said Harry. 

He  er  just asked Fleur Delacour to go to the 
ball with him, said Ginny. She looked as though she 
was fighting back a smile, but she kept patting Rons 
arm sympathetically. 

You what? said Harry. 

I dont know what made me do it! Ron gasped again. 
What was I playing at? There were people  all 
around  Ive gone mad  everyone watching! I was 
just walking past her in the entrance hall  she was 
standing there talking to Diggory  and it sort of 
came over me  and I asked her! 

Ron moaned and put his face in his hands. He kept 
talking, though the words were barely 
distinguishable. 

She looked at me like I was a sea slug or something. 
Didnt even answer. And then  I dunno  I just sort 
of came to my senses and ran for it. 

Shes part veela, said Harry. You were right  her 
grandmother was one. It wasnt your fault, I bet you 
just walked past when she was turning on the old 
charm for Diggory and got a blast of it  but she was 
wasting her time. Hes going with Cho Chang. 

Ron looked up. 

  440 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I asked her to go with me just now, Harry said dully, 
and she told me. 

Ginny had suddenly stopped smiling. 

This is mad, said Ron. Were the only ones left who 
havent got anyone  well, except Neville. Hey  
guess who he asked? Hermionel 

 What? said Harry, completely distracted by this 
startling news. 

Yeah, I know! said Ron, some of the color coming 
back into his face as he started to laugh. He told me 
after Potions! Said shes always been really nice, 
helping him out with work and stuff  but she told 
him she was already going with someone. Ha! As if! 
She just didnt want to go with Neville ... I mean, who 
would? 

Dont! said Ginny, annoyed. Dont laugh   

Just then Hermione climbed in through the portrait 
hole. 

Why werent you two at dinner? she said, coming 
over to join them. 

Because  oh shut up laughing, you two  because 
theyve both just been turned down by girls they 
asked to the ball! said Ginny. 

That shut Harry and Ron up. 

Thanks a bunch, Ginny, said Ron sourly. 

All the goodlooking ones taken, Ron? said 
Hermione loftily. Eloise Midgen starting to look quite 



  441 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




pretty now, is she? Well, Im sure youll find someone 
somewhere wholl have you. 

But Ron was staring at Hermione as though suddenly 
seeing her in a whole new light. 

Hermione, Nevilles right  you are a girl. ... 

Oh well spotted, she said acidly. 

Well  you can come with one of us! 

No, I cant, snapped Hermione. 

Oh come on, he said impatiently, we need partners, 
were going to look really stupid if we havent got any, 
everyone else has ... 

I cant come with you, said Hermione, now blushing, 
because Im already going with someone. 

No, youre not! said Ron. You just said that to get 
rid of Neville! 

Oh did I? said Hermione, and her eyes flashed 
dangerously. Just because its taken you three years 
to notice, Ron, doesnt mean no one else has spotted 
Im a girl! 

Ron stared at her. Then he grinned again. 

Okay, okay, we know youre a girl, he said. That 
do? Will you come now? 

Ive already told you! Hermione said very angrily. 

Im going with someone else! 

And she stormed off toward the girls dormitories 
again. 

  442 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Shes lying, said Ron flatly, watching her go. 

Shes not, said Ginny quietly. 

Who is it then? said Ron sharply. 

Im not telling you, its her business, said Ginny. 

Right, said Ron, who looked extremely put out, this 
is getting stupid. Ginny, you can go with Harry, and 
Ill just 

I cant, said Ginny, and she went scarlet too. Im 
going with  with Neville. He asked me when 
Hermione said no, and I thought ... well ... Im not 
going to be able to go otherwise, Im not in fourth 
year. She looked extremely miserable. I think Ill go 
and have dinner, she said, and she got up and 
walked off to the portrait hole, her head bowed. 

Ron goggled at Harry. 

Whats got into them? he demanded. 

But Harry had just seen Parvati and Lavender come 
in through the portrait hole. The time had come for 
drastic action. 

Wait here, he said to Ron, and he stood up, walked 
straight up to Parvati, and said, Parvati? Will you go 
to the ball with me? 

Parvati went into a fit of giggles. Harry waited for 
them to subside, his fingers crossed in the pocket of 
his robes. 

Yes, all right then, she said finally, blushing 
furiously. 



  443 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Thanks, said Harry, in relief. Lavender  will you 
go with Ron? 

Shes going with Seamus, said Parvati, and the pair 
of them giggled harder than ever. 

Harry sighed. 

Cant you think of anyone whod go with Ron? he 
said, lowering his voice so that Ron wouldnt hear. 

What about Hermione Granger? said Parvati. 

Shes going with someone else. 

Parvati looked astonished. 

Ooooh  who? she said keenly. 

Harry shrugged. No idea, he said. So what about 
Ron? 

Well ... said Parvati slowly, I suppose my sister 
might ... Padma, you know ... in Ravenclaw. Ill ask 
her if you like. 

Yeah, that would be great, said Harry. Let me 
know, will you? 

And he went back over to Ron, feeling that this ball 
was a lot more trouble than it was worth, and hoping 
very much that Padma Patils nose was dead center. 



  444 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE YULE BALL 

Despite the very heavy load of homework that the 
fourth years had been given for the holidays, Harry 
was in no mood to work when term ended, and spent 
the week leading up to Christmas enjoying himself as 
fully as possible along with everyone else. Gryffindor 
Tower was hardly less crowded now than during 
termtime; it seemed to have shrunk slightly too, as 
its inhabitants were being so much rowdier than 
usual. Fred and George had had a great success with 
their Canary Creams, and for the first couple of days 
of the holidays, people kept bursting into feather all 
over the place. Before long, however, all the 
Gryffindors had learned to treat food anybody else 
offered them with extreme caution, in case it had a 
Canary Cream concealed in the center, and George 
confided to Harry that he and Fred were now working 
on developing something else. Harry made a mental 
note never to accept so much as a crisp from Fred 
and George in future. He still hadnt forgotten Dudley 
and the TonTongue Toffee. 



  445 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Snow was falling thickly upon the castle and its 
grounds now. The pale blue Beauxbatons carriage 
looked like a large, chilly, frosted pumpkin next to the 
iced gingerbread house that was Hagrids cabin, while 
the Durmstrang ships portholes were glazed with ice, 
the rigging white with frost. The houseelves down in 
the kitchen were outdoing themselves with a series of 
rich, warming stews and savory puddings, and only 
Fleur Delacour seemed to be able to find anything to 
complain about. 

It is too eavy, all zis Ogwarts food, they heard her 
saying grumpily as they left the Great Hall behind her 
one evening (Ron skulking behind Harry, keen not to 
be spotted by Fleur). I will not fit into my dress 
robes! 

Oooh theres a tragedy, Hermione snapped as Fleur 
went out into the entrance hall. She really thinks a 
lot of herself, that one, doesnt she? 

Hermione  who are you going to the ball with? 
said Ron. 

He kept springing this question on her, hoping to 
startle her into a response by asking it when she least 
expected it. However, Hermione merely frowned and 
said, Im not telling you, youll just make fun of me. 

Youre joking, Weasley! said Malfoy, behind them. 
Youre not telling me someones asked that to the 
ball? Not the longmolared Mudblood? 

Harry and Ron both whipped around, but Hermione 
said loudly, waving to somebody over Malfoys 
shoulder, Hello, Professor Moody! 



  446 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Malfoy went pale and jumped backward, looking 
wildly around for Moody, but he was still up at the 
staff table, finishing his stew. 

Twitchy little ferret, arent you, Malfoy? said 
Hermione scathingly, and she, Harry, and Ron went 
up the marble staircase laughing heartily. 

Hermione, said Ron, looking sideways at her, 
suddenly frowning, your teeth ... 

What about them? she said. 

Well, theyre different ... Ive just noticed. ... 

Of course they are  did you expect me to keep 
those fangs Malfoy gave me? 

No, I mean, theyre different to how they were before 
he put that hex on you. ... Theyre all ... straight and 
 and normalsized. 

Hermione suddenly smiled very mischievously, and 
Harry noticed it too: It was a very different smile from 
the one he remembered. 

Well ... when I went up to Madam Pomfrey to get 
them shrunk, she held up a mirror and told me to 
stop her when they were back to how they normally 
were, she said. And I just ... let her carry on a bit. 
She smiled even more widely. Mum and Dad wont be 
too pleased. Ive been trying to persuade them to let 
me shrink them for ages, but they wanted me to carry 
on with my braces. You know, theyre dentists, they 
just dont think teeth and magic should  look! 
Pigwidgeons back! 

Rons tiny owl was twittering madly on the top of the 
icicleladen banisters, a scroll of parchment tied to 

  447 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




his leg. People passing him were pointing and 
laughing, and a group of thirdyear girls paused and 
said, Oh look at the weeny owl! Isnt he cute? 

Stupid little feathery git! Ron hissed, hurrying up 
the stairs and snatching up Pigwidgeon. You bring 
letters to the addressee! You dont hang around 
showing off! 

Pigwidgeon hooted happily, his head protruding over 
Rons fist. The thirdyear girls all looked very 
shocked. 

Clear off! Ron snapped at them, waving the fist 
holding Pigwidgeon, who hooted more happily than 
ever as he soared through the air. Here  take it, 
Harry, Ron added in an undertone as the thirdyear 
girls scuttled away looking scandalized. He pulled 
Siriuss reply off Pigwidgeons leg, Harry pocketed it, 
and they hurried back to Gryffindor Tower to read it. 

Everyone in the common room was much too busy in 
letting off more holiday steam to observe what anyone 
else was up to. Ron, Harry, and Hermione sat apart 
from everyone else by a dark window that was 
gradually filling up with snow, and Harry read out: 

Dear Harry, 

Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. Whoever 
put your name in that goblet shouldnt be feeling too 
happy right now! I was going to suggest a 
Conjunctivitis Curse, as a dragons eyes are its 
weakest point  Thats what Krum did! Hermione 
whispered  but your way was better, Im impressed. 

Dont get complacent, though, Harry. Youve only done 
one task; whoever put you in for the tournaments got 
plenty more opportunity if theyre trying to hurt you. 

  448 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Keep your eyes open  particularly when the person 
we discussed is around  and concentrate on keeping 
yourself out of trouble. 

Keep in touch, I still want to hear about anything 
unusual. 

Sirius 

He sounds exactly like Moody, said Harry quietly, 
tucking the letter away again inside his robes.  
Constant vigilance! Youd think I walk around with 
my eyes shut, banging off the walls. ... 

But hes right, Harry, said Hermione, you have still 
got two tasks to do. You really ought to have a look at 
that egg, you know, and start working out what it 
means. ... 

Hermione, hes got ages! snapped Ron. Want a 
game of chess, Harry? 

Yeah, okay, said Harry. Then, spotting the look on 
Hermione s face, he said, Come on, howm I 
supposed to concentrate with all this noise going on? 

I wont even be able to hear the egg over this lot. 

Oh I suppose not, she sighed, and she sat down to 
watch their chess match, which culminated in an 
exciting checkmate of Rons, involving a couple of 
recklessly brave pawns and a very violent bishop. 

Harry awoke very suddenly on Christmas Day. 
Wondering what had caused his abrupt return to 
consciousness, he opened his eyes, and saw 
something with very large, round, green eyes staring 
back at him in the darkness, so close they were 
almost nose to nose. 



  449 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dobbyl Harry yelled, scrambling away from the elf 
so fast he almost fell out of bed. Dont do that! 

Dobby is sorry, sir! squeaked Dobby anxiously, 
jumping backward with his long fingers over his 
mouth. Dobby is only wanting to wish Harry Potter 
Merry Christmas and bring him a present, sir! Harry 
Potter did say Dobby could come and see him 
sometimes, sir! 

Its okay, said Harry, still breathing rather faster 
than usual, while his heart rate returned to normal. 
Just  just prod me or something in future, all right, 
dont bend over me like that. ... 

Harry pulled back the curtains around his four 
poster, took his glasses from his bedside table, and 
put them on. His yell had awoken Ron, Seamus, 

Dean, and Neville. All of them were peering through 
the gaps in their own hangings, heavyeyed and 
touslehaired. 

Someone attacking you, Harry? Seamus asked 
sleepily. 

No, its just Dobby, Harry muttered. Go back to 
sleep. 

Nah ... presents! said Seamus, spotting the large 
pile at the foot of his bed. Ron, Dean, and Neville 
decided that now they were awake they might as well 
get down to some presentopening too. Harry turned 
back to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next 
to Harrys bed, still looking worried that he had upset 
Harry. There was a Christmas bauble tied to the loop 
on top of his tea cozy. 

Can Dobby give Harry Potter his present? he 
squeaked tentatively. 

  450 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




 Course you can, said Harry. Er ... Ive got 
something for you too. 

It was a lie; he hadnt bought anything for Dobby at 
all, but he quickly opened his trunk and pulled out a 
particularly knobbly rolledup pair of socks. They 
were his oldest and foulest, mustard yellow, and had 
once belonged to Uncle Vernon. The reason they were 
extraknobbly was that Harry had been using them to 
cushion his Sneakoscope for over a year now. He 
pulled out the Sneakoscope and handed the socks to 
Dobby, saying, Sorry, I forgot to wrap them. ... 

But Dobby was utterly delighted. 

Socks are Dobbys favorite, favorite clothes, sir! he 
said, ripping off his odd ones and pulling on Uncle 
Vernons. I has seven now, sir. ... But sir ... he said, 
his eyes widening, having pulled both socks up to 
their highest extent, so that they reached to the 
bottom of his shorts, they has made a mistake in the 
shop, Harry Potter, they is giving you two the same! 

Ah, no, Harry, how come you didnt spot that? said 
Ron, grinning over from his own bed, which was now 
strewn with wrapping paper. Tell you what, Dobby  
here you go  take these two, and you can mix them 
up properly. And heres your sweater. 

He threw Dobby a pair of violet socks he had just 
unwrapped, and the handknitted sweater Mrs. 
Weasley had sent. Dobby looked quite overwhelmed. 

Sir is very kind! he squeaked, his eyes brimming 
with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron. Dobby knew 
sir must be a great wizard, for he is Harry Potters 
greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that he was 
also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless   



  451 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Theyre only socks, said Ron, who had gone slightly 
pink around the ears, though he looked rather 
pleased all the same. Wow, Harry   He had just 
opened Harrys present, a Chudley Cannon hat. 

Cool! He jammed it onto his head, where it clashed 
horribly with his hair. 

Dobby now handed Harry a small package, which 
turned out to be  socks. 

Dobby is making them himself, sir! the elf said 
happily. He is buying the wool out of his wages, sir! 

The left sock was bright red and had a pattern of 
broomsticks upon it; the right sock was green with a 
pattern of Snitches. 

Theyre ... theyre really ... well, thanks, Dobby, said 
Harry, and he pulled them on, causing Dobbys eyes 
to leak with happiness again. 

Dobby must go now, sir, we is already making 
Christmas dinner in the kitchens! said Dobby, and 
he hurried out of the dormitory, waving goodbye to 
Ron and the others as he passed. 

Harrys other presents were much more satisfactory 
than Dobbys odd socks  with the obvious exception 
of the Dursleys, which consisted of a single tissue, an 
alltime low  Harry supposed they too were 
remembering the TonTongue Toffee. Hermione had 
given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain 
and Ireland ; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; 

Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock 
any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a vast box 
of sweets including all Harrys favorites: Bertie Botts 
Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Droobles Best 
Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees. There was also, 
of course, Mrs. Weasleys usual package, including a 
  452 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




new sweater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it  
Harry supposed Charlie had told her all about the 
Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince 
pies. 

Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common 
room, and they went down to breakfast together. They 
spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where 
everyone was enjoying their presents, then returned 
to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which 
included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas 
puddings, and large piles of Cribbages Wizarding 
Crackers. 

They went out onto the grounds in the afternoon; the 
snow was untouched except for the deep channels 
made by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students 
on their way up to the castle. Hermione chose to 
watch Harry and the Weasleys snowball fight rather 
than join in, and at five oclock said she was going 
back upstairs to get ready for the ball. 

What, you need three hours? said Ron, looking at 
her incredulously and paying for his lapse in 
concentration when a large snowball, thrown by 
George, hit him hard on the side of the head. Who re 
you going with? he yelled after Hermione, but she 
just waved and disappeared up the stone steps into 
the castle. 

There was no Christmas tea today, as the ball 
included a feast, so at seven oclock, when it had 
become hard to aim properly, the others abandoned 
their snowball fight and trooped back to the common 
room. The Fat Lady was sitting in her frame with her 
friend Violet from downstairs, both of them extremely 
tipsy, empty boxes of chocolate liqueurs littering the 
bottom of her picture. 



  453 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Lairy fights, thats the one! she giggled when they 
gave the password, and she swung forward to let 
them inside. 

Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville changed into 
their dress robes up in their dormitory, all of them 
looking very selfconscious, but none as much as 
Ron, who surveyed himself in the long mirror in the 
corner with an appalled look on his face. There was 
just no getting around the fact that his robes looked 
more like a dress than anything else. In a desperate 
attempt to make them look more manly, he used a 
Severing Charm on the ruff and cuffs. It worked fairly 
well; at least he was now lacefree, although he hadnt 
done a very neat job, and the edges still looked 
depressingly frayed as the boys set off downstairs. 

I still cant work out how you two got the best 
looking girls in the year, muttered Dean. 

Animal magnetism, said Ron gloomily, pulling stray 
threads out of his cuffs. 

The common room looked strange, full of people 
wearing different colors instead of the usual mass of 
black. Parvati was waiting for Harry at the foot of the 
stairs. She looked very pretty indeed, in robes of 
shocking pink, with her long dark plait braided with 
gold, and gold bracelets glimmering at her wrists. 
Harry was relieved to see that she wasnt giggling. 

You  er  look nice, he said awkwardly. 

Thanks, she said. Padmas going to meet you in the 
entrance hall, she added to Ron. 

Right, said Ron, looking around. Wheres 
Hermione? 



  454 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Parvati shrugged. Shall we go down then, Harry? 



Okay, said Harry, wishing he could just stay in the 
common room. Fred winked at Harry as he passed 
him on the way out of the portrait hole. 

The entrance hall was packed with students too, all 
milling around waiting for eight oclock, when the 
doors to the Great Hall would be thrown open. Those 
people who were meeting partners from different 
Houses were edging through the crowd trying to find 
one another. Parvati found her sister, Padma, and led 
her over to Harry and Ron. 

Hi, said Padma, who was looking just as pretty as 
Parvati in robes of bright turquoise. She didnt look 
too enthusiastic about having Ron as a partner, 
though; her dark eyes lingered on the frayed neck and 
sleeves of his dress robes as she looked him up and 
down. 

Hi, said Ron, not looking at her, but staring around 
at the crowd. Oh no ... 

He bent his knees slightly to hide behind Harry, 
because Fleur Delacour was passing, looking 
stunning in robes of silvergray satin, and 
accompanied by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, 
Roger Davies. When they had disappeared, Ron stood 
straight again and stared over the heads of the crowd. 

Where is Hermione? he said again. 

A group of Slytherins came up the steps from their 
dungeon common room. Malfoy was in front; he was 
wearing dress robes of black velvet with a high collar, 
which in Harrys opinion made him look like a vicar. 
Pansy Parkinson in very frilly robes of pale pink was 
clutching Malfoys arm. Crabbe and Goyle were both 
  455 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




wearing green; they resembled mosscolored boulders, 
and neither of them, Harry was pleased to see, had 
managed to find a partner. 

The oak front doors opened, and everyone turned to 
look as the Durmstrang students entered with 
Professor Karkaroff. Krum was at the front of the 
party, accompanied by a pretty girl in blue robes 
Harry didnt know. Over their heads he saw that an 
area of lawn right in front of the castle had been 
transformed into a sort of grotto full of fairy lights  
meaning hundreds of actual living fairies were sitting 
in the rosebushes that had been conjured there, and 
fluttering over the statues of what seemed to be 
Father Christmas and his reindeer. 

Then Professor McGonagalls voice called, 

Champions over here, please! 

Parvati readjusted her bangles, beaming; she and 
Harry said See you in a minute to Ron and Padma 
and walked forward, the chattering crowd parting to 
let them through. Professor McGonagall, who was 
wearing dress robes of red tartan and had arranged a 
rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim of her 
hat, told them to wait on one side of the doors while 
everyone else went inside; they were to enter the 
Great Hall in procession when the rest of the students 
had sat down. Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies 
stationed themselves nearest the doors; Davies looked 
so stunned by his good fortune in having Fleur for a 
partner that he could hardly take his eyes off her. 
Cedric and Cho were close to Harry too; he looked 
away from them so he wouldnt have to talk to them. 
His eyes fell instead on the girl next to Krum. His jaw 
dropped. 

It was Hermione. 



  456 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But she didnt look like Hermione at all. She had done 
something with her hair; it was no longer bushy but 
sleek and shiny, and twisted up into an elegant knot 
at the back of her head. She was wearing robes made 
of a floaty, periwinkleblue material, and she was 
holding herself differently, somehow  or maybe it 
was merely the absence of the twenty or so books she 
usually had slung over her back. She was also 
smiling  rather nervously, it was true  but the 
reduction in the size of her front teeth was more 
noticeable than ever; Harry couldnt understand how 
he hadnt spotted it before. 

Hi, Harry! she said. Hi, Parvati! 

Parvati was gazing at Hermione in unflattering 
disbelief. She wasnt the only one either; when the 
doors to the Great Hall opened, Krums fan club from 
the library stalked past, throwing Hermione looks of 
deepest loathing. Pansy Parkinson gaped at her as 
she walked by with Malfoy, and even he didnt seem 
to be able to find an insult to throw at her. Ron, 
however, walked right past Hermione without looking 
at her. 

Once everyone else was settled in the Hall, Professor 
McGonagall told the champions and their partners to 
get in line in pairs and to follow her. They did so, and 
everyone in the Great Hall applauded as they entered 
and started walking up toward a large round table at 
the top of the Hall, where the judges were sitting. 

The walls of the Hall had all been covered in sparkling 
silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe 
and ivy crossing the starry black ceiling. The House 
tables had vanished; instead, there were about a 
hundred smaller, lanternlit ones, each seating about 
a dozen people. 



  457 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry concentrated on not tripping over his feet. 
Parvati seemed to be enjoying herself; she was 
beaming around at everybody, steering Harry so 
forcefully that he felt as though he were a show dog 
she was putting through its paces. He caught sight of 
Ron and Padma as he neared the top table. Ron was 
watching Hermione pass with narrowed eyes. Padma 
was looking sulky. 

Dumbledore smiled happily as the champions 
approached the top table, but Karkaroff wore an 
expression remarkably like Rons as he watched 
Krum and Hermione draw nearer. Ludo Bagman, 
tonight in robes of bright purple with large yellow 
stars, was clapping as enthusiastically as any of the 
students; and Madame Maxime, who had changed 
her usual uniform of black satin for a flowing gown of 
lavender silk, was applauding them politely. But Mr. 
Crouch, Harry suddenly realized, was not there. The 
fifth seat at the table was occupied by Percy Weasley. 

When the champions and their partners reached the 
table, Percy drew out the empty chair beside him, 
staring pointedly at Harry. Harry took the hint and 
sat down next to Percy, who was wearing brandnew, 
navyblue dress robes and an expression of such 
smugness that Harry thought it ought to be fined. 

Ive been promoted, Percy said before Harry could 
even ask, and from his tone, he might have been 
announcing his election as supreme ruler of the 
universe. Im now Mr. Crouchs personal assistant, 
and Im here representing him. 

Why didnt he come? Harry asked. He wasnt looking 
forward to being lectured on cauldron bottoms all 
through dinner. 



  458 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Tm afraid to say Mr. Crouch isnt well, not well at all. 
Hasnt been right since the World Cup. Hardly 
surprising  overwork. Hes not as young as he was 
 though still quite brilliant, of course, the mind 
remains as great as it ever was. But the World Cup 
was a fiasco for the whole Ministry, and then, Mr. 
Crouch suffered a huge personal shock with the 
misbehavior of that houseelf of his, Blinky, or 
whatever she was called. Naturally, he dismissed her 
immediately afterward, but  well, as I say, hes 
getting on, he needs looking after, and I think hes 
found a definite drop in his home comforts since she 
left. And then we had the tournament to arrange, and 
the aftermath of the Cup to deal with  that revolting 
Skeeter woman buzzing around  no, poor man, hes 
having a well earned, quiet Christmas. Im just glad 
he knew he had someone he could rely upon to take 
his place. 

Harry wanted very much to ask whether Mr. Crouch 
had stopped calling Percy Weatherby yet, but 
resisted the temptation. 

There was no food as yet on the glittering golden 
plates, but small menus were lying in front of each of 
them. Harry picked his up uncertainly and looked 
around  there were no waiters. Dumbledore, 
however, looked carefully down at his own menu, 
then said very clearly to his plate, Pork chops! 

And pork chops appeared. Getting the idea, the rest of 
the table placed their orders with their plates too. 
Harry glanced up at Hermione to see how she felt 
about this new and more complicated method of 
dining  surely it meant plenty of extra work for the 
houseelves?  but for once, Hermione didnt seem to 
be thinking about S.P.E.W. She was deep in talk with 
Viktor Krum and hardly seemed to notice what she 
was eating. 

  459 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It now occurred to Harry that he had never actually 
heard Krum speak before, but he was certainly 
talking now, and very enthusiastically at that. 

Veil, ve have a castle also, not as big as this, nor as 
comfortable, I am thinking, he was telling Hermione. 
Ve have just four floors, and the fires are lit only for 
magical purposes. But ve have grounds larger even 
than these  though in vinter, ve have very little 
daylight, so ve are not enjoying them. But in summer 
ve are flying every day, over the lakes and the 
mountains   

Now, now, Viktor! said Karkaroff with a laugh that 
didnt reach his cold eyes, dont go giving away 
anything else, now, or your charming friend will know 
exactly where to find us! 

Dumbledore smiled, his eyes twinkling. Igor, all this 
secrecy ... one would almost think you didnt want 
visitors. 

Well, Dumbledore, said Karkaroff, displaying his 
yellowing teeth to their fullest extent, we are all 
protective of our private domains, are we not? Do we 
not jealously guard the halls of learning that have 
been entrusted to us? Are we not right to be proud 
that we alone know our schools secrets, and right to 
protect them? 

Oh I would never dream of assuming I know all 
Hogwarts secrets, Igor, said Dumbledore amicably. 
Only this morning, for instance, I took a wrong 
turning on the way to the bathroom and found myself 
in a beautifully proportioned room I have never seen 
before, containing a really rather magnificent 
collection of chamber pots. When I went back to 
investigate more closely, I discovered that the room 
had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. 

  460 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Possibly it is only accessible at fivethirty in the 
morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon 
 or when the seeker has an exceptionally full 
bladder. 

Harry snorted into his plate of goulash. Percy 
frowned, but Harry could have sworn Dumbledore 
had given him a very small wink. 

Meanwhile Fleur Delacour was criticizing the 
Hogwarts decorations to Roger Davies. 

Zis is nothing, she said dismissively, looking around 
at the sparkling walls of the Great Hall. At ze Palace 
of Beauxbatons, we ave ice sculptures all around ze 
dining chamber at Chreestmas. Zey do not melt, of 
course . . . zey are like uge statues of diamond, 
glittering around ze place. And ze food is seemply 
superb. And we ave choirs of wood nymphs, oo 
serenade us as we eat. We ave none of zis ugly armor 
in ze alls, and eef a poltergeist ever entaired into 
Beauxbatons, e would be expelled like zat. She 
slapped her hand onto the table impatiently. 

Roger Davies was watching her talk with a very dazed 
look on his face, and he kept missing his mouth with 
his fork. Harry had the impression that Davies was 
too busy staring at Fleur to take in a word she was 
saying. 

Absolutely right, he said quickly, slapping his own 
hand down on the table in imitation of Fleur. Like 
that. Yeah. 

Harry looked around the Hall. Hagrid was sitting at 
one of the other staff tables; he was back in his 
horrible hairy brown suit and gazing up at the top 
table. Harry saw him give a small wave, and looking 



  461 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




around, saw Madame Maxime return it, her opals 
glittering in the candlelight. 

Hermione was now teaching Krum to say her name 
properly; he kept calling her Hermyown. 

Hermyohnee, she said slowly and clearly. 

Hermownninny. 

Close enough, she said, catching Harrys eye and 
grinning. 

When all the food had been consumed, Dumbledore 
stood up and asked the students to do the same. 

Then, with a wave of his wand, all the tables zoomed 
back along the walls leaving the floor clear, and then 
he conjured a raised platform into existence along the 
right wall. A set of drums, several guitars, a lute, a 
cello, and some bagpipes were set upon it. 

The Weird Sisters now trooped up onto the stage to 
wildly enthusiastic applause; they were all extremely 
hairy and dressed in black robes that had been 
artfully ripped and torn. They picked up their 
instruments, and Harry, who had been so interested 
in watching them that he had almost forgotten what 
was coming, suddenly realized that the lanterns on all 
the other tables had gone out, and that the other 
champions and their partners were standing up. 

Come on! Parvati hissed. Were supposed to dance! 

Harry tripped over his dress robes as he stood up. 

The Weird Sisters struck up a slow, mournful tune; 
Harry walked onto the brightly lit dance floor, 
carefully avoiding catching anyones eye (he could see 
Seamus and Dean waving at him and sniggering), and 
next moment, Parvati had seized his hands, placed 
  462 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




one around her waist, and was holding the other 
tightly in hers. 

It wasnt as bad as it could have been, Harry thought, 
revolving slowly on the spot (Parvati was steering) . He 
kept his eyes fixed over the heads of the watching 
people, and very soon many of them too had come 
onto the dance floor, so that the champions were no 
longer the center of attention. Neville and Ginny were 
dancing nearby  he could see Ginny wincing 
frequently as Neville trod on her feet  and 
Dumbledore was waltzing with Madame Maxime. He 
was so dwarfed by her that the top of his pointed hat 
barely tickled her chin; however, she moved very 
gracefully for a woman so large. MadEye Moody was 
doing an extremely ungainly twostep with Professor 
Sinistra, who was nervously avoiding his wooden leg. 

Nice socks, Potter, Moody growled as he passed, his 
magical eye staring through Harrys robes. 

Oh  yeah, Dobby the houseelf knitted them for 
me, said Harry, grinning. 

He is so creepy\ Parvati whispered as Moody 
clunked away. I dont think that eye should be 
allowed] 

Harry heard the final, quavering note from the 
bagpipe with relief. The Weird Sisters stopped playing, 
applause filled the hall once more, and Harry let go of 
Parvati at once. 

Lets sit down, shall we? 

Oh  but  this is a really good one! Parvati said 
as the Weird Sisters struck up a new song, which was 
much faster. 



  463 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, I dont like it, Harry lied, and he led her away 
from the dance floor, past Fred and Angelina, who 
were dancing so exhuberantly that people around 
them were backing away in fear of injury, and over to 
the table where Ron and Padma were sitting. 

Hows it going? Harry asked Ron, sitting down and 
opening a bottle of butterbeer. 

Ron didnt answer. He was glaring at Hermione and 
Krum, who were dancing nearby. Padma was sitting 
with her arms and legs crossed, one foot jiggling in 
time to the music. Every now and then she threw a 
disgruntled look at Ron, who was completely ignoring 
her. Parvati sat down on Harrys other side, crossed 
her arms and legs too, and within minutes was asked 
to dance by a boy from Beauxbatons. 

You dont mind, do you, Harry? Parvati said. 

What? said Harry, who was now watching Cho and 
Cedric. 

Oh never mind, snapped Parvati, and she went off 
with the boy from Beauxbatons. When the song 
ended, she did not return. 

Hermione came over and sat down in Parvatis empty 
chair. She was a bit pink in the face from dancing. 

Hi, said Harry. Ron didnt say anything. 

Its hot, isnt it? said Hermione, fanning herself with 
her hand. Viktors just gone to get some drinks. 

Ron gave her a withering look. Viktor? he said. 
Hasnt he asked you to call him Vicky yet? 



  464 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione looked at him in surprise. Whats up with 
you? she said. 

If you dont know, said Ron scathingly, Im not 
going to tell you. 

Hermione stared at him, then at Harry, who 
shrugged. 

Ron, what  ? 

Hes from Durmstrang! spat Ron. Hes competing 
against Harry! Against Hogwarts! You  youre   
Ron was obviously casting around for words strong 
enough to describe Hermione s crime,  fraternizing 
with the enemy, thats what youre doing! 

Hermiones mouth fell open. 

Dont be so stupid! she said after a moment. The 
enemy\ Honestly  who was the one who was all 
excited when they saw him arrive? Who was the one 
who wanted his autograph? Whos got a model of him 
up in their dormitory? 

Ron chose to ignore this. I spose he asked you to 
come with him while you were both in the library? 

Yes, he did, said Hermione, the pink patches on her 
cheeks glowing more brightly. So what? 

What happened  trying to get him to join spew, 
were you? 

No, I wasnt! If you really want to know, he  he said 
hed been coming up to the library every day to try 
and talk to me, but he hadnt been able to pluck up 
the courage! 



  465 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione said this very quickly, and blushed so 
deeply that she was the same color as Parvatis robes. 

Yeah, well  thats his story, said Ron nastily. 

And whats that supposed to mean? 

Obvious, isnt it? Hes Karkaroffs student, isnt he? 
He knows who you hang around with. ... Hes just 
trying to get closer to Harry  get inside information 
on him  or get near enough to jinx him   

Hermione looked as though Ron had slapped her. 
When she spoke, her voice quivered. 

For your information, he hasnt asked me one single 
thing about Harry, not one   

Ron changed tack at the speed of light. 

Then hes hoping youll help him find out what his 
egg means! I suppose youve been putting your heads 
together during those cozy little library sessions   

Id never help him work out that egg! said Hermione, 
looking outraged. Never. How could you say 
something like that  I want Harry to win the 
tournament, Harry knows that, dont you, Harry? 

Youve got a funny way of showing it, sneered Ron. 

This whole tournaments supposed to be about 
getting to know foreign wizards and making friends 
with them! said Hermione hotly. 

No it isnt! shouted Ron. Its about winning! 

People were starting to stare at them. 



  466 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ron, said Harry quietly, I havent got a problem 
with Hermione coming with Krum   

But Ron ignored Harry too. 

Why dont you go and find Vicky, hell be wondering 
where you are, said Ron. 

Dont call him Vickyl 

Hermione jumped to her feet and stormed off across 
the dance floor, disappearing into the crowd. Ron 
watched her go with a mixture of anger and 
satisfaction on his face. 

Are you going to ask me to dance at all? Padma 
asked him. 

No, said Ron, still glaring after Hermione. 

Fine, snapped Padma, and she got up and went to 
join Parvati and the Beauxbatons boy, who conjured 
up one of his friends to join them so fast that Harry 
could have sworn he had zoomed him there by a 
Summoning Charm. 

Vare is Hermownninny? said a voice. 

Krum had just arrived at their table clutching two 
butterbeers. 

No idea, said Ron mulishly, looking up at him. Lost 
her, have you? 

Krum was looking surly again. 

Veil, if you see her, tell her I haff drinks, he said, 
and he slouched off. 



  467 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Made friends with Viktor Krum, have you, Ron? 



Percy had bustled over, rubbing his hands together 
and looking extremely pompous. Excellent! Thats 
the whole point, you know  international magical 
cooperation! 

To Harrys displeasure, Percy now took Padmas 
vacated seat. The top table was now empty; Professor 
Dumbledore was dancing with Professor Sprout, Ludo 
Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Madame Maxime 
and Hagrid were cutting a wide path around the 
dance floor as they waltzed through the students, and 
Karkaroff was nowhere to be seen. When the next 
song ended, everybody applauded once more, and 
Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagalls 
hand and make his way back through the crowds, at 
which point Fred and George accosted him. 

What do they think theyre doing, annoying senior 
Ministry members? Percy hissed, watching Fred and 
George suspiciously. No respect ... 

Ludo Bagman shook off Fred and George fairly 
quickly, however, and, spotting Harry, waved and 
came over to their table. 

I hope my brothers werent bothering you, Mr. 
Bagman? said Percy at once. 

What? Oh not at all, not at all! said Bagman. No, 
they were just telling me a bit more about those fake 
wands of theirs. Wondering if I could advise them on 
the marketing. Ive promised to put them in touch 
with a couple of contacts of mine at Zonkos Joke 
Shop. ... 

Percy didnt look happy about this at all, and Harry 
was prepared to bet he would be rushing to tell Mrs. 

  468 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Weasley about this the moment he got home. 
Apparently Fred and Georges plans had grown even 
more ambitious lately, if they were hoping to sell to 
the public. Bagman opened his mouth to ask Harry 
something, but Percy diverted him. 

How do you feel the tournaments going, Mr. 

Bagman? Our departments quite satisfied  the 
hitch with the Goblet of Fire  he glanced at Harry 
 was a little unfortunate, of course, but it seems to 
have gone very smoothly since, dont you think? 

Oh yes, Bagman said cheerfully, its all been 
enormous fun. Hows old Barty doing? Shame he 
couldnt come. 

Oh Im sure Mr. Crouch will be up and about in no 
time, said Percy importantly, but in the meantime, 
Im more than willing to take up the slack. Of course, 
its not all attending balls  he laughed airily  oh 
no, Ive had to deal with all sorts of things that have 
cropped up in his absence  you heard Ali Bashir 
was caught smuggling a consignment of flying carpets 
into the country? And then weve been trying to 
persuade the Transylvanians to sign the International 
Ban on Dueling. Ive got a meeting with their Head of 
Magical Cooperation in the new year   

Lets go for a walk, Ron muttered to Harry, get 
away from Percy. ... 

Pretending they wanted more drinks, Harry and Ron 
left the table, edged around the dance floor, and 
slipped out into the entrance hall. The front doors 
stood open, and the fluttering fairy lights in the rose 
garden winked and twinkled as they went down the 
front steps, where they found themselves surrounded 
by bushes; winding, ornamental paths; and large 
stone statues. Harry could hear splashing water, 

  469 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




which sounded like a fountain. Here and there, people 
were sitting on carved benches. He and Ron set off 
along one of the winding paths through the 
rosebushes, but they had gone only a short way when 
they heard an unpleasantly familiar voice. 

"... dont see what there is to fuss about, Igor. 

Severus, you cannot pretend this isnt happening! 
Karkaroffs voice sounded anxious and hushed, as 
though keen not to be overheard. Its been getting 
clearer and clearer for months. I am becoming 
seriously concerned, I cant deny it   

Then flee, said Snapes voice curtly. Flee  I will 
make your excuses. I, however, am remaining at 
Hogwarts. 

Snape and Karkaroff came around the corner. Snape 
had his wand out and was blasting rosebushes apart, 
his expression most illnatured. Squeals issued from 
many of the bushes, and dark shapes emerged from 
them. 

Ten points from Ravenclaw, Fawcett! Snape snarled 
as a girl ran past him. And ten points from Hufflepuff 
too, Stebbins! as a boy went rushing after her. And 
what are you two doing? he added, catching sight of 
Harry and Ron on the path ahead. Karkaroff, Harry 
saw, looked slightly discomposed to see them 
standing there. His hand went nervously to his 
goatee, and he began winding it around his finger. 

Were walking, Ron told Snape shortly. Not against 
the law, is it? 

Keep walking, then! Snape snarled, and he brushed 
past them, his long black cloak billowing out behind 



  470 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




him. Karkaroff hurried away after Snape. Harry and 
Ron continued down the path. 

Whats got Karkaroff all worried? Ron muttered. 

And since when have he and Snape been on first 
name terms? said Harry slowly. 

They had reached a large stone reindeer now, over 
which they could see the sparkling jets of a tall 
fountain. The shadowy outlines of two enormous 
people were visible on a stone bench, watching the 
water in the moonlight. And then Harry heard Hagrid 
speak. 

Momen I saw yeh, I knew, he was saying, in an 
oddly husky voice. 

Harry and Ron froze. This didnt sound like the sort of 
scene they ought to walk in on, somehow. . . . Harry 
looked around, back up the path, and saw Fleur 
Delacour and Roger Davies standing halfconcealed in 
a rosebush nearby. He tapped Ron on the shoulder 
and jerked his head toward them, meaning that they 
could easily sneak off that way without being noticed 
(Fleur and Davies looked very busy to Harry), but 
Ron, eyes widening in horror at the sight of Fleur, 
shook his head vigorously, and pulled Harry deeper 
into the shadows behind the reindeer. 

What did you know, Agrid? said Madame Maxime, a 
purr in her low voice. 

Harry definitely didnt want to listen to this; he knew 
Hagrid would hate to be overheard in a situation like 
this (he certainly would have)  if it had been 
possible he would have put his fingers in his ears and 
hummed loudly, but that wasnt really an option. 
Instead he tried to interest himself in a beetle 
  471 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




crawling along the stone reindeers back, but the 
beetle just wasnt interesting enough to block out 
Hagrids next words. 

I jus knew ... knew you were like me. ... Was it yer 
mother or yer father? 

I  I dont know what you mean, Agrid. ... 

It was my mother, said Hagrid quietly. She was one 
o the las ones in Britain. Course, I can remember 
her too well ... she left, see. When I was abou three. 
She wasn really the maternal sort. Well ... its not in 
their natures, is it? Dunno what happened to her ... 
might be dead fer all I know. ... 

Madame Maxime didnt say anything. And Harry, in 
spite of himself, took his eyes off the beetle and 
looked over the top of the reindeers antlers, listening. 

. . . He had never heard Hagrid talk about his 
childhood before. 

Me dad was brokenhearted when she wen. Tiny 
little bloke, my dad was. By the time I was six I could 
lift him up an put him on top o the dresser if he 
annoyed me. Used ter make him laugh. ... Hagrids 
deep voice broke. Madame Maxime was listening, 
motionless, apparently staring at the silvery fountain. 
Dad raised me ... but he died, o course, jus after I 
started school. Sorta had ter make me own way after 
that. Dumbledore was a real help, mind. Very kind ter 
me, he was. ... 

Hagrid pulled out a large spotted silk handkerchief 
and blew his nose heavily. 

So ... anyway ... enough abou me. What about you? 
Which side you got it on? 



  472 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But Madame Maxime had suddenly got to her feet. 

It is chilly, she said  but whatever the weather 
was doing, it was nowhere near as cold as her voice. 

I think I will go in now. 

Eh? said Hagrid blankly. No, don go! Ive  Ive 
never met another one before! 

Anuzzer what, precisely? said Madame Maxime, her 
tone icy. 

Harry could have told Hagrid it was best not to 
answer; he stood there in the shadows gritting his 
teeth, hoping against hope he wouldnt  but it was 
no good. 

Another halfgiant, o course! said Hagrid. 

 Ow dare you! shrieked Madame Maxime. Her voice 
exploded through the peaceful night air like a 
foghorn; behind him, Harry heard Fleur and Roger fall 
out of their rosebush. I ave nevair been more 
insulted in my life! Alfgiant? Moi? I ave  I ave big 
bones! 

She stormed away; great multicolored swarms of 
fairies rose into the air as she passed, angrily pushing 
aside bushes. Hagrid was still sitting on the bench, 
staring after her. It was much too dark to make out 
his expression. Then, after about a minute, he stood 
up and strode away, not back to the castle, but off 
out into the dark grounds in the direction of his 
cabin. 

Cmon, Harry said, very quietly to Ron. Lets go. ... 
But Ron didnt move. 



  473 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Whats up? said Harry, looking at him. 

Ron looked around at Harry, his expression very 
serious indeed. 

Did you know? he whispered. About Hagrid being 
halfgiant? 

No, Harry said, shrugging. So what? 

He knew immediately, from the look Ron was giving 
him, that he was once again revealing his ignorance 
of the wizarding world. Brought up by the Dursleys, 
there were many things that wizards took for granted 
that were revelations to Harry, but these surprises 
had become fewer with each successive year. Now, 
however, he could tell that most wizards would not 
have said So what? upon finding out that one of 
their friends had a giantess for a mother. 

Ill explain inside, said Ron quietly, cmon. ... 

Fleur and Roger Davies had disappeared, probably 
into a more private clump of bushes. Harry and Ron 
returned to the Great Hall. Parvati and Padma were 
now sitting at a distant table with a whole crowd of 
Beauxbatons boys, and Hermione was once more 
dancing with Krum. Harry and Ron sat down at a 
table far removed from the dance floor. 

So? Harry prompted Ron. Whats the problem with 
giants? 

Well, theyre ... theyre ... Ron struggled for words. 
"... not very nice, he finished lamely. 

Who cares? Harry said. Theres nothing wrong with 
Hagrid! 



  474 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I know there isnt, but ... blimey, no wonder he keeps 
it quiet, Ron said, shaking his head. I always 
thought hed got in the way of a bad Engorgement 
Charm when he was a kid or something. Didnt like to 
mention it. ... 

But whats it matter if his mother was a giantess? 
said Harry. 

Well ... no one who knows him will care, cos theyll 
know hes not dangerous, said Ron slowly. But ... 
Harry, theyre just vicious, giants. Its like Hagrid 
said, its in their natures, theyre like trolls ... they 
just like killing, everyone knows that. There arent 
any left in Britain now, though. 

What happened to them? 

Well, they were dying out anyway, and then loads got 
themselves killed by Aurors. There re supposed to be 
giants abroad, though. ... They hide out in mountains 
mostly. ... 

I dont know who Maxime thinks shes kidding, 

Harry said, watching Madame Maxime sitting alone at 
the judges table, looking very somber. If Hagrid s 
halfgiant, she definitely is. Big bones ... the only 
thing thats got bigger bones than her is a dinosaur. 

Harry and Ron spent the rest of the ball discussing 
giants in their corner, neither of them having any 
inclination to dance. Harry tried not to watch Cho 
and Cedric too much; it gave him a strong desire to 
kick something. 

When the Weird Sisters finished playing at midnight, 
everyone gave them a last, loud round of applause 
and started to wend their way into the entrance hall. 
Many people were expressing the wish that the ball 

  475 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




could have gone on longer, but Harry was perfectly 
happy to be going to bed; as far as he was concerned, 
the evening hadnt been much fun. 

Out in the entrance hall, Harry and Ron saw 
Hermione saying good night to Krum before he went 
back to the Durmstrang ship. She gave Ron a very 
cold look and swept past him up the marble staircase 
without speaking. Harry and Ron followed her, but 
halfway up the staircase Harry heard someone calling 
him. 

Hey  Harry! 

It was Cedric Diggory. Harry could see Cho waiting for 
him in the entrance hall below. 

Yeah? said Harry coldly as Cedric ran up the stairs 
toward him. 

Cedric looked as though he didnt want to say 
whatever it was in front of Ron, who shrugged, 
looking badtempered, and continued to climb the 
stairs. 

Listen ... Cedric lowered his voice as Ron 
disappeared. I owe you one for telling me about the 
dragons. You know that golden egg? Does yours wail 
when you open it? 

Yeah, said Harry. 

Well ... take a bath, okay? 

What? 

Take a bath, and  er  take the egg with you, and 
 er  just mull things over in the hot water. Itll 
help you think. ... Trust me. 

  476 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry stared at him. 

Tell you what, Cedric said, use the prefects 
bathroom. Fourth door to the left of that statue of 
Boris the Bewildered on the fifth floor. Passwords 
pine fresh.  Gotta go . . . want to say good night   

He grinned at Harry again and hurried back down the 
stairs to Cho. 

Harry walked back to Gryffindor Tower alone. That 
had been extremely strange advice. Why would a bath 
help him to work out what the wailing egg meant? 
Was Cedric pulling his leg? Was he trying to make 
Harry look like a fool, so Cho would like him even 
more by comparison? 

The Fat Lady and her friend Vi were snoozing in the 
picture over the portrait hole. Harry had to yell Fairy 
lights! before he woke them up, and when he did, 
they were extremely irritated. He climbed into the 
common room and found Ron and Hermione having a 
blazing row. Standing ten feet apart, they were 
bellowing at each other, each scarlet in the face. 

Well, if you dont like it, you know what the solution 
is, dont you? yelled Hermione; her hair was coming 
down out of its elegant bun now, and her face was 
screwed up in anger. 

Oh yeah? Ron yelled back. Whats that? 

Next time theres a ball, ask me before someone else 
does, and not as a last resort! 

Ron mouthed soundlessly like a goldfish out of water 
as Hermione turned on her heel and stormed up the 
girls staircase to bed. Ron turned to look at Harry. 



  477 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, he sputtered, looking thunderstruck, well  
that just proves  completely missed the point   

Harry didnt say anything. He liked being back on 
speaking terms with Ron too much to speak his mind 
right now  but he somehow thought that Hermione 
had gotten the point much better than Ron had. 



  478 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






RITA SKEBTERS SCOOP 

Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. The Gryffindor 
common room was much quieter than it had been 
lately, many yawns punctuating the lazy 
conversations. Hermiones hair was bushy again; she 
confessed to Harry that she had used liberal amounts 
of Sleekeazys Hair Potion on it for the ball, but its 
way too much bother to do every day, she said 
matteroffactly, scratching a purring Crookshanks 
behind the ears. 

Ron and Hermione seemed to have reached an 
unspoken agreement not to discuss their argument. 
They were being quite friendly to each other, though 
oddly formal. Ron and Harry wasted no time in telling 
Hermione about the conversation they had overheard 
between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione 
didnt seem to find the news that Hagrid was a half 
giant nearly as shocking as Ron did. 

Well, I thought he must be, she said, shrugging. I 
knew he couldnt be pure giant because theyre about 
twenty feet tall. But honestly, all this hysteria about 

  479 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




giants. They cant all be horrible. ... Its the same sort 
of prejudice that people have toward werewolves. ... 

Its just bigotry, isnt it? 

Ron looked as though he would have liked to reply 
scathingly, but perhaps he didnt want another row, 
because he contented himself with shaking his head 
disbelievingly while Hermione wasnt looking. 

It was time now to think of the homework they had 
neglected during the first week of the holidays. 
Everybody seemed to be feeling rather flat now that 
Christmas was over  everybody except Harry, that 
is, who was starting (once again) to feel slightly 
nervous. 

The trouble was that February the twentyfourth 
looked a lot closer from this side of Christmas, and he 
still hadnt done anything about working out the clue 
inside the golden egg. He therefore started taking the 
egg out of his trunk every time he went up to the 
dormitory, opening it, and listening intently, hoping 
that this time it would make some sense. He strained 
to think what the sound reminded him of, apart from 
thirty musical saws, but he had never heard anything 
else like it. He closed the egg, shook it vigorously, and 
opened it again to see if the sound had changed, but 
it hadnt. He tried asking the egg questions, shouting 
over all the wailing, but nothing happened. He even 
threw the egg across the room  though he hadnt 
really expected that to help. 

Harry had not forgotten the hint that Cedric had 
given him, but his lessthanfriendly feelings toward 
Cedric just now meant that he was keen not to take 
his help if he could avoid it. In any case, it seemed to 
him that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a 
hand, he would have been a lot more explicit. He, 
Harry, had told Cedric exactly what was coming in 
  480 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the first task  and Cedrics idea of a fair exchange 
had been to tell Harry to take a bath. Well, he didnt 
need that sort of rubbishy help  not from someone 
who kept walking down corridors hand in hand with 
Cho, anyway. And so the first day of the new term 
arrived, and Harry set off to lessons, weighed down 
with books, parchment, and quills as usual, but also 
with the lurking worry of the egg heavy in his 
stomach, as though he were carrying that around 
with him too. 

Snow was still thick upon the grounds, and the 
greenhouse windows were covered in condensation so 
thick that they couldnt see out of them in Herbology. 
Nobody was looking forward to Care of Magical 
Creatures much in this weather, though as Ron said, 
the skrewts would probably warm them up nicely, 
either by chasing them, or blasting off so forcefully 
that Hagrids cabin would catch fire. 

When they arrived at Hagrids cabin, however, they 
found an elderly witch with closely cropped gray hair 
and a very prominent chin standing before his front 
door. 

Hurry up, now, the bell rang five minutes ago, she 
barked at them as they struggled toward her through 
the snow. 

Who re you? said Ron, staring at her. Wheres 
Hagrid? 

My name is Professor GrubblyPlank, she said 
briskly. I am your temporary Care of Magical 
Creatures teacher. 

Wheres Hagrid? Harry repeated loudly. 



  481 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He is indisposed, said Professor GrubblyPlank 
shortly. 

Soft and unpleasant laughter reached Harrys ears. 

He turned; Draco Malfoy and the rest of the 
Slytherins were joining the class. All of them looked 
gleeful, and none of them looked surprised to see 
Professor GrubblyPlank. 

This way, please, said Professor GrubblyPlank, and 
she strode off around the paddock where the 
Beauxbatons horses were shivering. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione followed her, looking back over their 
shoulders at Hagrids cabin. All the curtains were 
closed. Was Hagrid in there, alone and ill? 

Whats wrong with Hagrid? Harry said, hurrying to 
catch up with Professor GrubblyPlank. 

Never you mind, she said as though she thought he 
was being nosy. 

I do mind, though, said Harry hotly. Whats up with 
him? 

Professor GrubblyPlank acted as though she couldnt 
hear him. She led them past the paddock where the 
huge Beauxbatons horses were standing, huddled 
against the cold, and toward a tree on the edge of the 
forest, where a large and beautiful unicorn was 
tethered. 

Many of the girls ooooohed! at the sight of the 
unicorn. 

Oh its so beautiful! whispered Lavender Brown. 
How did she get it? Theyre supposed to be really 
hard to catch! 



  482 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The unicorn was so brightly white it made the snow 
all around look gray. It was pawing the ground 
nervously with its golden hooves and throwing back 
its horned head. 

Boys keep back! barked Professor GrubblyPlank, 
throwing out an arm and catching Harry hard in the 
chest. They prefer the womans touch, unicorns. 
Girls to the front, and approach with care, come on, 
easy does it. ... 

She and the girls walked slowly forward toward the 
unicorn, leaving the boys standing near the paddock 
fence, watching. The moment Professor Grubbly 
Plank was out of earshot, Harry turned to Ron. 

What dyou reckons wrong with him? You dont 
think a skrewt  ? 

Oh he hasnt been attacked, Potter, if thats what 
youre thinking, said Malfoy softly. No, hes just too 
ashamed to show his big, ugly face. 

What dyou mean? said Harry sharply. 

Malfoy put his hand inside the pocket of his robes 
and pulled out a folded  of newsprint. 

There you go, he said. Hate to break it to you, 
Potter. ... 

He smirked as Harry snatched the , unfolded it, 
and read it, with Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville 
looking over his shoulder. It was an article topped 
with a picture of Hagrid looking extremely shifty. 

DUMBLEDORES GIANT MISTAKE 



  483 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Albus Dumbledore, eccentric Headmaster of Hogwarts 
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has never been 
afraid to make controversial staff appointments, writes 
Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. In September of 
this year, he hired Alastor MadEye Moody, the 
notoriously jinxhappy exAuror, to teach Defense 
Against the Dark Arts, a decision that caused many 
raised eyebrows at the Ministry of Magic, given 
Moodys wellknown habit of attacking anybody who 
makes a sudden movement in his presence. MadEye 
Moody, however, looks responsible and kindly when 
set beside the parthuman Dumbledore employs to 
teach Care of Magical Creatures. 

Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelled from 
Hogwarts in his third year, has enjoyed the position of 
gamekeeper at the school ever since, a job secured for 
him by Dumbledore. Last year, however, Hagrid used 
his mysterious influence over the headmaster to 
secure the additional post of Care of Magical 
Creatures teacher, over the heads of many better 
qualified candidates. 

An alarmingly large and ferociouslooking man, 

Hagrid has been using his newfound authority to 
terrify the students in his care with a succession of 
horrific creatures. While Dumbledore turns a blind 
eye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during a series 
of lessons that many admit to being very 
frightening. 

I was attacked by a hippogriff, and my friend Vincent 
Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm, says Draco 
Malfoy, a fourthyear student. We all hate Hagrid, 
but were just too scared to say anything. 

Hagrid has no intention of ceasing his campaign of 
intimidation, however. In conversation with a Daily 
Prophet reporter last month, he admitted breeding 

  484 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




creatures he has dubbed BlastEnded Skrewts,  
highly dangerous crosses between manticores and fire 
crabs. The creation of new breeds of magical creature 
is, of course, an activity usually closely observed by 
the Department for the Regulation and Control of 
Magical Creatures. Hagrid, however, considers himself 
to be above such petty restrictions. 

I was just having some fun, he says, before hastily 
changing the subject. 

As if this were not enough, the Daily Prophet has now 
unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not  as he has 
always pretended  a pureblood wizard. He is not, in 
fact, even pure human. His mother, we can exclusively 
reveal, is none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, 
whose whereabouts are currently unknown. 

Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants brought 
themselves to the point of extinction by warring 
amongst themselves during the last century. The 
handful that remained joined the ranks of HeWho 
MustNotBeNamed, and were responsible for some 
of the worst mass Muggle killings of his reign of 
terror. 

While many of the giants who served HeWhoMust 
NotBeNamed were killed by Aurors working against 
the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was not among them. It is 
possible she escaped to one of the giant communities 
still existing in foreign mountain ranges. If his antics 
during Care of Magical Creatures lessons are any 
guide, however, Fridwulfas son appears to have 
inherited her brutal nature. 

In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to have developed 
a close friendship with the boy who brought around 
YouKnow Whos fall from power  thereby driving 
Hagrid s own mother, like the rest of YouKnow Whos 

  485 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




supporters, into hiding. Perhaps Harry Potter is 
unaware of the unpleasant truth about his large 
friend  but Albus Dumbledore surely has a duty to 
ensure that Harry Potter, along with his fellow 
students, is warned about the dangers of associating 
with partgiants. 



Harry finished reading and looked up at Ron, whose 
mouth was hanging open. 

How did she find out? he whispered. 

But that wasnt what was bothering Harry. 

What dyou mean, we all hate Hagrid? Harry spat 
at Malfoy. Whats this rubbish about him  he 
pointed at Crabbe  getting a bad bite off a 
flobberworm? They havent even got teeth! 

Crabbe was sniggering, apparently very pleased with 
himself. 

Well, I think this should put an end to the oafs 
teaching career, said Malfoy, his eyes glinting. Half 
giant ... and there was me thinking hed just 
swallowed a bottle of SkeleGro when he was young. 

... None of the mummies and daddies are going to like 
this at all. ... Theyll be worried hell eat their kids, ha, 
ha. ... 

You   

Are you paying attention over there? 

Professor GrubblyPlanks voice carried over to the 
boys; the girls were all clustered around the unicorn 
now, stroking it. Harry was so angry that the Daily 

 486 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Prophet article shook in his hands as he turned to 
stare unseeingly at the unicorn, whose many magical 
properties Professor GrubblyPlank was now 
enumerating in a loud voice, so that the boys could 
hear too. 

I hope she stays, that woman! said Parvati Patil 
when the lesson had ended and they were all heading 
back to the castle for lunch. Thats more what I 
thought Care of Magical Creatures would be like . . . 
proper creatures like unicorns, not monsters. ... 

What about Hagrid? Harry said angrily as they went 
up the steps. 

What about him? said Parvati in a hard voice. He 
can still be gamekeeper, cant he? 

Parvati had been very cool toward Harry since the 
ball. He supposed that he ought to have paid her a bit 
more attention, but she seemed to have had a good 
time all the same. She was certainly telling anybody 
who would listen that she had made arrangements to 
meet the boy from Beauxbatons in Hogsmeade on the 
next weekend trip. 

That was a really good lesson, said Hermione as 
they entered the Great Hall. I didnt know half the 
things Professor GrubblyPlank told us about uni   

Look at this! Harry snarled, and he shoved the Daily 
Prophet article under Hermione s nose. 

Hermione s mouth fell open as she read. Her reaction 
was exactly the same as Rons. 

How did that horrible Skeeter woman find out? You 
dont think Hagrid told her? 



  487 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, said Harry, leading the way over to the 
Gryffindor table and throwing himself into a chair, 
furious. He never even told us, did he? I reckon she 
was so mad he wouldnt give her loads of horrible 
stuff about me, she went ferreting around to get him 
back. 

Maybe she heard him telling Madame Maxime at the 
ball, said Hermione quietly. 

Wed have seen her in the garden! said Ron. 
Anyway, shes not supposed to come into school 
anymore, Hagrid said Dumbledore banned her. ... 

Maybe shes got an Invisibility Cloak, said Harry, 
ladling chicken casserole onto his plate and splashing 
it everywhere in his anger. Sort of thing shed do, 
isnt it, hide in bushes listening to people. 

Like you and Ron did, you mean, said Hermione. 

We werent trying to hear him! said Ron indignantly. 
We didnt have any choice! The stupid prat, talking 
about his giantess mother where anyone could have 
heard him! 

Weve got to go and see him, said Harry. This 
evening, after Divination. Tell him we want him back 
... you do want him back? he shot at Hermione. 

I  well, Im not going to pretend it didnt make a 
nice change, having a proper Care of Magical 
Creatures lesson for once  but I do want Hagrid 
back, of course I do! Hermione added hastily, 
quailing under Harrys furious stare. 

So that evening after dinner, the three of them left the 
castle once more and went down through the frozen 



  488 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




grounds to Hagrids cabin. They knocked, and Fangs 
booming barks answered. 

Hagrid, its us! Harry shouted, pounding on the 
door. Open up! 

Hagrid didnt answer. They could hear Fang 
scratching at the door, whining, but it didnt open. 
They hammered on it for ten more minutes; Ron even 
went and banged on one of the windows, but there 
was no response. 

Whats he avoiding us for? Hermione said when they 
had finally given up and were walking back to the 
school. He surely doesnt think wed care about him 
being halfgiant? 

But it seemed that Hagrid did care. They didnt see a 
sign of him all week. He didnt appear at the staff 
table at mealtimes, they didnt see him going about 
his gamekeeper duties on the grounds, and Professor 
GrubblyPlank continued to take the Care of Magical 
Creatures classes. Malfoy was gloating at every 
possible opportunity. 

Missing your halfbreed pal? he kept whispering to 
Harry whenever there was a teacher around, so that 
he was safe from Harrys retaliation. Missing the 
elephantman? 

There was a Hogsmeade visit halfway through 
January. Hermione was very surprised that Harry 
was going to go. 

I just thought youd want to take advantage of the 
common room being quiet, she said. Really get to 
work on that egg. 



  489 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh I  I reckon Ive got a pretty good idea what its 
about now, Harry lied. 

Have you really? said Hermione, looking impressed. 
Well done! 

Harrys insides gave a guilty squirm, but he ignored 
them. He still had five weeks to work out that egg 
clue, after all, and that was ages ... whereas if he 
went into Hogsmeade, he might run into Hagrid, and 
get a chance to persuade him to come back. 

He, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together on 
Saturday and set off through the cold, wet grounds 
toward the gates. As they passed the Durmstrang 
ship moored in the lake, they saw Viktor Krum 
emerge onto the deck, dressed in nothing but 
swimming trunks. He was very skinny indeed, but 
apparently a lot tougher than he looked, because he 
climbed up onto the side of the ship, stretched out his 
arms, and dived, right into the lake. 

Hes mad! said Harry, staring at Krums dark head 
as it bobbed out into the middle of the lake. It must 
be freezing, its January! 

Its a lot colder where he comes from, said 
Hermione. I suppose it feels quite warm to him. 

Yeah, but theres still the giant squid, said Ron. He 
didnt sound anxious  if anything, he sounded 
hopeful. Hermione noticed his tone of voice and 
frowned. 

Hes really nice, you know, she said. Hes not at all 
like youd think, coming from Durmstrang. He likes it 
much better here, he told me. 



  490 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ron said nothing. He hadnt mentioned Viktor Krum 
since the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm 
under his bed on Boxing Day, which had looked very 
much as though it had been snapped off a small 
model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robes. 

Harry kept his eyes skinned for a sign of Hagrid all 
the way down the slushy High Street, and suggested a 
visit to the Three Broomsticks once he had 
ascertained that Hagrid was not in any of the shops. 

The pub was as crowded as ever, but one quick look 
around at all the tables told Harry that Hagrid wasnt 
there. Heart sinking, he went up to the bar with Ron 
and Hermione, ordered three butterbeers from 
Madam Rosmerta, and thought gloomily that he 
might just as well have stayed behind and listened to 
the egg wailing after all. 

Doesnt he ever go into the office? Hermione 
whispered suddenly. Look! 

She pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and Harry 
saw Ludo Bagman reflected there, sitting in a 
shadowy corner with a bunch of goblins. Bagman was 
talking very fast in a low voice to the goblins, all of 
whom had their arms crossed and were looking rather 
menacing. 

It was indeed odd, Harry thought, that Bagman was 
here at the Three Broomsticks on a weekend when 
there was no Triwizard event, and therefore no 
judging to be done. He watched Bagman in the 
mirror. He was looking strained again, quite as 
strained as he had that night in the forest before the 
Dark Mark had appeared. But just then Bagman 
glanced over at the bar, saw Harry, and stood up. 



  491 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




In a moment, in a moment! Harry heard him say 
brusquely to the goblins, and Bagman hurried 
through the pub toward Harry, his boyish grin back 
in place. 

Harry! he said. How are you? Been hoping to run 
into you! Everything going all right? 

Fine, thanks, said Harry. 

Wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry? 
said Bagman eagerly. You couldnt give us a 
moment, you two, could you? 

Er  okay, said Ron, and he and Hermione went off 
to find a table. 

Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end furthest 
from Madam Rosmerta. 

Well, I just thought Id congratulate you again on 
your splendid performance against that Horntail, 
Harry, said Bagman. Really superb. 

Thanks, said Harry, but he knew this couldnt be all 
that Bagman wanted to say, because he could have 
congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione. 
Bagman didnt seem in any particular rush to spill 
the beans, though. Harry saw him glance into the 
mirror over the bar at the goblins, who were all 
watching him and Harry in silence through their 
dark, slanting eyes. 

Absolute nightmare, said Bagman to Harry in an 
undertone, noticing Harry watching the goblins too. 
Their English isnt too good ... its like being back 
with all the Bulgarians at the Quidditch World Cup ... 
but at least they used sign language another human 
could recognize. This lot keep gabbling in 
  492 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Gobbledegook . . . and I only know one word of 
Gobbledegook. Bladvak. It means pickax. I dont like 
to use it in case they think Im threatening them. 

He gave a short, booming laugh. 

What do they want? Harry said, noticing how the 
goblins were still watching Bagman very closely. 

Er  well ... said Bagman, looking suddenly 
nervous. They ... er ... theyre looking for Barry 
Crouch. 

Why are they looking for him here? said Harry. Hes 
at the Ministry in London, isnt he? 

Er ... as a matter of fact, Ive no idea where he is, 
said Bagman. Hes sort of ... stopped coming to work. 
Been absent for a couple of weeks now. Young Percy, 
his assistant, says hes ill. Apparently hes just been 
sending instructions in by owl. But would you mind 
not mentioning that to anyone, Harry? Because Rita 
Skeeters still poking around everywhere she can, and 
Im willing to bet shed work up Bartys illness into 
something sinister. Probably say hes gone missing 
like Bertha Jorkins. 

Have you heard anything about Bertha Jorkins? 
Harry asked. 

No, said Bagman, looking strained again. Ive got 
people looking, of course ... (About time, thought 
Harry) and its all very strange. She definitely arrived 
in Albania, because she met her second cousin there. 
And then she left the cousins house to go south and 
see an aunt . . . and she seems to have vanished 
without trace en route. Blowed if I can see where 
shes got to ... she doesnt seem the type to elope, for 
instance ... but still. ... What are we doing, talking 
  493 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




about goblins and Bertha Jorkins? I really wanted to 
ask you  he lowered his voice  how are you 
getting on with your golden egg? 

Er ... not bad, Harry said untruthfully. 

Bagman seemed to know he wasnt being honest. 

Listen, Harry, he said (still in a very low voice), I 
feel very bad about all this . . . you were thrown into 
this tournament, you didnt volunteer for it... and if 
... (his voice was so quiet now, Harry had to lean 
closer to listen) if I can help at all ... a prod in the 
right direction ... Ive taken a liking to you ... the way 
you got past that dragon! ... well, just say the word. 

Harry stared up into Bagmans round, rosy face and 
his wide, babyblue eyes. 

Were supposed to work out the clues alone, arent 
we? he said, careful to keep his voice casual and not 
sound as though he was accusing the head of the 
Department of Magical Games and Sports of breaking 
the rules. 

Well ... well, yes, said Bagman impatiently, but  
come on, Harry  we all want a Hogwarts victory, 
dont we? 

Have you offered Cedric help? Harry said. 

The smallest of frowns creased Bagmans smooth 
face. No, I havent, he said. I  well, like I say, Ive 
taken a liking to you. Just thought Id offer ... 

Well, thanks, said Harry, but I think Im nearly 
there with the egg . . . couple more days should crack 
it. 



  494 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He wasnt entirely sure why he was refusing 
Bagmans help, except that Bagman was almost a 
stranger to him, and accepting his assistance would 
feel somehow much more like cheating than asking 
advice from Ron, Hermione, or Sirius. 

Bagman looked almost affronted, but couldnt say 
much more as Fred and George turned up at that 
point. 

Hello, Mr. Bagman, said Fred brightly. Can we buy 
you a drink? 

Er ... no, said Bagman, with a last disappointed 
glance at Harry, no, thank you, boys ... 

Fred and George looked quite as disappointed as 
Bagman, who was surveying Harry as though he had 
let him down badly. 

Well, I must dash, he said. Nice seeing you all. 

Good luck, Harry. 

He hurried out of the pub. The goblins all slid off their 
chairs and exited after him. Harry went to rejoin Ron 
and Hermione. 

What did he want? Ron said, the moment Harry had 
sat down. 

He offered to help me with the golden egg, said 
Harry. 

He shouldnt be doing that! said Hermione, looking 
very shocked. Hes one of the judges! And anyway, 
youve already worked it out  havent you? 

Er ... nearly, said Harry. 



  495 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, I dont think Dumbledore would like it if he 
knew Bagman was trying to persuade you to cheat! 
said Hermione, still looking deeply disapproving. I 
hope hes trying to help Cedric as much! 

Hes not, I asked, said Harry. 

Who cares if Diggorys getting help? said Ron. Harry 
privately agreed. 

Those goblins didnt look very friendly, said 
Hermione, sipping her butterbeer. What were they 
doing here? 

Looking for Crouch, according to Bagman, said 
Harry. Hes still ill. Hasnt been into work. 

Maybe Percys poisoning him, said Ron. Probably 
thinks if Crouch snuffs it hell be made head of the 
Department of International Magical Cooperation. 

Hermione gave Ron a dont jokeaboutthingslike 
that look, and said, Funny, goblins looking for Mr. 
Crouch. . . . Theyd normally deal with the Department 
for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. 

Crouch can speak loads of different languages, 
though, said Harry. Maybe they need an 
interpreter. 

Worrying about poor ickle goblins, now, are you? 
Ron asked Hermione. Thinking of starting up 
S.P.U.G. or something? Society for the Protection of 
Ugly Goblins? 

Ha, ha, ha, said Hermione sarcastically. Goblins 
dont need protection. Havent you been listening to 
what Professor Binns has been telling us about goblin 
rebellions? 

  496 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, said Harry and Ron together. 

Well, theyre quite capable of dealing with wizards, 
said Hermione, taking another sip of butterbeer. 
Theyre very clever. Theyre not like houseelves, who 
never stick up for themselves. 

Uhoh, said Ron, staring at the door. 

Rita Skeeter had just entered. She was wearing 
bananayellow robes today; her long nails were 
painted shocking pink, and she was accompanied by 
her paunchy photographer. She bought drinks, and 
she and the photographer made their way through 
the crowds to a table nearby, Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione glaring at her as she approached. She was 
talking fast and looking very satisfied about 
something. 

"... didnt seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? 
Now, why would that be, do you think? And whats he 
doing with a pack of goblins in tow anyway? Showing 
them the sights . . . what nonsense ... he was always a 
bad liar. Reckon somethings up? Think we should do 
a bit of digging? Disgraced ExHead of Magical 
Games and Sports, Ludo Bagman ... Snappy start to 
a sentence, Bozo  we just need to find a story to fit 
it   



Trying to ruin someone elses life? said Harry loudly. 

A few people looked around. Rita Skeeter s eyes 
widened behind her jeweled spectacles as she saw 
who had spoken. 

Harry! she said, beaming. How lovely! Why dont 
you come and join  ? 



  497 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I wouldnt come near you with a tenfoot 
broomstick, said Harry furiously. What did you do 
that to Hagrid for, eh? 

Rita Skeeter raised her heavily penciled eyebrows. 

Our readers have a right to the truth, Harry. I am 
merely doing my   

Who cares if hes half giant? Harry shouted. Theres 
nothing wrong with him! 

The whole pub had gone very quiet. Madam Rosmerta 
was staring over from behind the bar, apparently 
oblivious to the fact that the flagon she was filling 
with mead was overflowing. 

Rita Skeeters smile flickered very slightly, but she 
hitched it back almost at once; she snapped open her 
crocodileskin handbag, pulled out her QuickQuotes 
Quill, and said, How about giving me an interview 
about the Hagrid you know, Harry? The man behind 
the muscles? Your unlikely friendship and the 
reasons behind it. Would you call him a father 
substitute? 

Hermione stood up very abruptly, her butterbeer 
clutched in her hand as though it were a grenade. 

You horrible woman, she said, through gritted teeth, 
you dont care, do you, anything for a story, and 
anyone will do, wont they? Even Ludo Bagman   

Sit down, you silly little girl, and dont talk about 
things you dont understand, said Rita Skeeter 
coldly, her eyes hardening as they fell on Hermione. I 
know things about Ludo Bagman that would make 
your hair curl . . . not that it needs it   she added, 
eyeing Hermione s bushy hair. 

  498 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Lets go, said Hermione, cmon, Harry  Ron ... 



They left; many people were staring at them as they 
went. Harry glanced back as they reached the door. 
Rita Skeeters QuickQuotes Quill was out; it was 
zooming backward and forward over a piece of 
parchment on the table. 

Shell be after you next, Hermione, said Ron in a low 
and worried voice as they walked quickly back up the 
street. 

Let her try! said Hermione defiantly; she was 
shaking with rage. Ill show her! Silly little girl, am I? 
Oh, Ill get her back for this. First Harry, then Hagrid 



You dont want to go upsetting Rita Skeeter, said 
Ron nervously. Im serious, Hermione, shell dig up 
something on you   

My parents dont read the Daily Prophet She cant 
scare me into hiding! said Hermione, now striding 
along so fast that it was all Harry and Ron could do to 
keep up with her. The last time Harry had seen 
Hermione in a rage like this, she had hit Draco Malfoy 
around the face. And Hagrid isnt hiding anymore! 

He should never have let that excuse for a human 
being upset him! Come on! 

Breaking into a run, she led them all the way back up 
the road, through the gates flanked by winged boars, 
and up through the grounds to Hagrid s cabin. 

The curtains were still drawn, and they could hear 
Fang barking as they approached. 

Hagrid! Hermione shouted, pounding on his front 
door. Hagrid, thats enough! We know youre in there! 

  499 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Nobody cares if your mum was a giantess, Hagrid! 

You cant let that foul Skeeter woman do this to you! 
Hagrid, get out here, youre just being   

The door opened. Hermione said, About t  ! and 
then stopped, very suddenly, because she had found 
herself facetoface, not with Hagrid, but with Albus 
Dumbledore. 

Good afternoon, he said pleasantly, smiling down at 
them. 

We  er  we wanted to see Hagrid, said Hermione 
in a rather small voice. 

Yes, I surmised as much, said Dumbledore, his eyes 
twinkling. Why dont you come in? 

Oh ... um ... okay, said Hermione. 

She, Ron, and Harry went into the cabin; Fang 
launched himself upon Harry the moment he entered, 
barking madly and trying to lick his ears. Harry 
fended off Fang and looked around. 

Hagrid was sitting at his table, where there were two 
large mugs of tea. He looked a real mess. His face was 
blotchy, his eyes swollen, and he had gone to the 
other extreme where his hair was concerned; far from 
trying to make it behave, it now looked like a wig of 
tangled wire. 

Hi, Hagrid, said Harry. 

Hagrid looked up. 

 Lo, he said in a very hoarse voice. 



  500 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




More tea, I think, said Dumbledore, closing the door 
behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione, drawing out his 
wand, and twiddling it; a revolving tea tray appeared 
in midair along with a plate of cakes. Dumbledore 
magicked the tray onto the table, and everybody sat 
down. There was a slight pause, and then 
Dumbledore said, Did you by any chance hear what 
Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid? 

Hermione went slightly pink, but Dumbledore smiled 
at her and continued, Hermione, Harry, and Ron still 
seem to want to know you, judging by the way they 
were attempting to break down the door. 

Of course we still want to know you! Harry said, 
staring at Hagrid. You dont think anything that 
Skeeter cow  sorry, Professor, he added quickly, 
looking at Dumbledore. 

I have gone temporarily deaf and havent any idea 
what you said, Harry, said Dumbledore, twiddling 
his thumbs and staring at the ceiling. 

Er  right, said Harry sheepishly. I just meant  
Hagrid, how could you think wed care what that  
woman  wrote about you? 

Two fat tears leaked out of Hagrid s beetleblack eyes 
and fell slowly into his tangled beard. 

Living proof of what Ive been telling you, Hagrid, 
said Dumbledore, still looking carefully up at the 
ceiling. I have shown you the letters from the 
countless parents who remember you from their own 
days here, telling me in no uncertain terms that if I 
sacked you, they would have something to say about 
it   



  501 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Not all of em, said Hagrid hoarsely. Not all of em 
wan me ter stay. 

Really, Hagrid, if you are holding out for universal 
popularity, Im afraid you will be in this cabin for a 
very long time, said Dumbledore, now peering sternly 
over his halfmoon spectacles. Not a week has 
passed since I became headmaster of this school 
when I havent had at least one owl complaining 
about the way I run it. But what should I do? 
Barricade myself in my study and refuse to talk to 
anybody? 

Yeh  yehre not halfgiant! said Hagrid croakily. 

Hagrid, look what Ive got for relatives! Harry said 
furiously. Look at the Dursleys! 

An excellent point, said Professor Dumbledore. My 
own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing 
inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the 
papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He 
held his head high and went about his business as 
usual! Of course, Im not entirely sure he can read, so 
that may not have been bravery. ... 

Come back and teach, Hagrid, said Hermione 
quietly, please come back, we really miss you. 

Hagrid gulped. More tears leaked out down his cheeks 
and into his tangled beard. 

Dumbledore stood up. I refuse to accept your 
resignation, Hagrid, and I expect you back at work on 
Monday, he said. You will join me for breakfast at 
eightthirty in the Great Hall. No excuses. Good 
afternoon to you all. 



  502 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dumbledore left the cabin, pausing only to scratch 
Fangs ears. When the door had shut behind him, 
Hagrid began to sob into his dustbinlidsized hands. 
Hermione kept patting his arm, and at last, Hagrid 
looked up, his eyes very red indeed, and said, Great 
man, Dumbledore ... great man ... 

Yeah, he is, said Ron. Can I have one of these 
cakes, Hagrid? 

Help yerself, said Hagrid, wiping his eyes on the 
back of his hand. Ar, hes righ, o course  yehre all 
righ ... I bin stupid ... my ol dad woulda bin 
ashamed o the way Ive bin behavin. ... More tears 
leaked out, but he wiped them away more forcefully, 
and said, Never shown you a picture of my old dad, 
have I? Here ... 

Hagrid got up, went over to his dresser, opened a 
drawer, and pulled out a picture of a short wizard 
with Hagrids crinkled black eyes, beaming as he sat 
on top of Hagrids shoulder. Hagrid was a good seven 
or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside him, 
but his face was beardless, young, round, and smooth 
 he looked hardly older than eleven. 

Tha was taken jus after I got inter Hogwarts, 

Hagrid croaked. Dad was dead chuffed ... thought I 
migh not be a wizard, see, cos me mum ... well, 
anyway. Course, I never was great shakes at magic, 
really ... but at least he never saw me expelled. Died, 
see, in me second year. ... 

Dumbledore was the one who stuck up for me after 
Dad went. Got me the gamekeeper job ... trusts 
people, he does. Gives em second chances ... thas 
what sets him apar from other heads, see. Hell 
accept anyone at Hogwarts, slong as theyve got the 
talent. Knows people can turn out okay even if their 
  503 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




families weren ... well ... all tha respectable. But 
some don understand that. Theres some whod 
always hold it against yeh ... theres some whod even 
pretend they just had big bones rather than stand up 
an say  I am what I am, an Im not ashamed. 

Never be ashamed, my ol dad used ter say, theres 
some wholl hold it against you, but theyre not worth 
botherin with. An he was right. Ive bin an idiot. Im 
not botherin with her no more, I promise yeh that. 

Big bones ... Ill give her big bones. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another 
nervously; Harry would rather have taken fifty Blast 
Ended Skrewts for a walk than admit to Hagrid that 
he had overheard him talking to Madame Maxime, 
but Hagrid was still talking, apparently unaware that 
he had said anything odd. 

Yeh know wha, Harry? he said, looking up from the 
photograph of his father, his eyes very bright, when I 
firs met you, you reminded me o me a bit. Mum an 
Dad gone, an you was feelin like yeh wouldn fit in at 
Hogwarts, remember? Not sure yeh were really up to 
it ... an now look at yeh, Harry! School champion! 

He looked at Harry for a moment and then said, very 
seriously, Yeh know what Id love, Harry? Id love yeh 
ter win, I really would. Itd show em all ... yeh don 
have ter be pureblood ter do it. Yeh don have ter be 
ashamed of what yeh are. Itd show em Dumbledores 
the one whos got it righ, lettin anyone in as long as 
they can do magic. How you doin with that egg, 
Harry? 

Great, said Harry. Really great. 

Hagrid s miserable face broke into a wide, watery 
smile. 



  504 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Thas my boy ... you show em, Harry, you show em. 
Beat em all. 

Lying to Hagrid wasnt quite like lying to anyone else. 
Harry went back to the castle later that afternoon 
with Ron and Hermione, unable to banish the image 
of the happy expression on Hagrids whiskery face as 
he had imagined Harry winning the tournament. The 
incomprehensible egg weighed more heavily than ever 
on Harrys conscience that evening, and by the time 
he had got into bed, he had made up his mind  it 
was time to shelve his pride and see if Cedrics hint 
was worth anything. 



  505 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   









THE EGG AND THE EYE 

As Harry had no idea how long a bath he would need 
to work out the secret of the golden egg, he decided to 
do it at night, when he would be able to take as much 
time as he wanted. Reluctant though he was to accept 
more favours from Cedric, he also decided to use the 
prefects bathroom; far fewer people were allowed in 
there, so it was much less likely that he would be 
disturbed. 

Harry planned his excursion carefully, because he 
had been caught out of bed and outofbounds by 
Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once 
before, and had no desire to repeat the experience. 

The Invisibility Cloak would, of course, be essential, 
and as an added precaution, Harry thought he would 
take the Marauders Map, which, next to the cloak, 
was the most useful aid to rulebreaking Harry 
owned. The map showed the whole of Hogwarts, 
including its many shortcuts and secret passageways 
and, most important of all, it revealed the people 
inside the castle as minuscule, labeled dots, moving 
around the corridors, so that Harry would be 
  506 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



forewarned if somebody was approaching the 
bathroom. 



On Thursday night, Harry sneaked up to bed, put on 
the cloak, crept back downstairs, and, just as he had 
done on the night when Hagrid had shown him the 
dragons, waited for the portrait hole to open. This 
time it was Ron who waited outside to give the Fat 
Lady the password (banana fritters). Good luck, 
Ron muttered, climbing into the room as Harry crept 
out past him. 

It was awkward moving under the cloak tonight, 
because Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and 
the map held in front of his nose with the other. 
However, the moonlit corridors were empty and silent, 
and by checking the map at strategic intervals, Harry 
was able to ensure that he wouldnt run into anyone 
he wanted to avoid. When he reached the statue of 
Boris the Bewildered, a lostlooking wizard with his 
gloves on the wrong hands, he located the right door, 
leaned close to it, and muttered the password, Pine 
fresh, just as Cedric had told him. 

The door creaked open. Harry slipped inside, bolted 
the door behind him, and pulled off the Invisibility 
Cloak, looking around. 

His immediate reaction was that it would be worth 
becoming a prefect just to be able to use this 
bathroom. It was softly lit by a splendid candlefilled 
chandelier, and everything was made of white marble, 
including what looked like an empty, rectangular 
swimming pool sunk into the middle of the floor. 

About a hundred golden taps stood all around the 
pools edges, each with a differently colored jewel set 
into its handle. There was also a diving board. Long 
white linen curtains hung at the windows; a large pile 
of fluffy white towels sat in a corner, and there was a 
  507 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




single goldenframed painting on the wall. It featured 
a blonde mermaid who was fast asleep on a rock, her 
long hair over her face. It fluttered every time she 
snored. 

Harry moved forward, looking around, his footsteps 
echoing off the walls. Magnificent though the 
bathroom was  and quite keen though he was to try 
out a few of those taps  now he was here he 
couldnt quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might 
have been having him on. How on earth was this 
supposed to help solve the mystery of the egg? 
Nevertheless, he put one of the fluffy towels, the 
cloak, the map, and the egg at the side of the 
swimmingpoolsized bath, then knelt down and 
turned on a few of the taps. 

He could tell at once that they carried different sorts 
of bubble bath mixed with the water, though it wasnt 
bubble bath as Harry had ever experienced it. One 
tap gushed pink and blue bubbles the size of 
footballs; another poured icewhite foam so thick that 
Harry thought it would have supported his weight if 
hed cared to test it; a third sent heavily perfumed 
purple clouds hovering over the surface of the water. 
Harry amused himself for a while turning the taps on 
and off, particularly enjoying the effect of one whose 
jet bounced off the surface of the water in large arcs. 
Then, when the deep pool was full of hot water, foam, 
and bubbles, which took a very short time 
considering its size, Harry turned off all the taps, 
pulled off his pajamas, slippers, and dressing gown, 
and slid into the water. 

It was so deep that his feet barely touched the 
bottom, and he actually did a couple of lengths before 
swimming back to the side and treading water, 
staring at the egg. Highly enjoyable though it was to 
swim in hot and foamy water with clouds of different 
  508 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




colored steam wafting all around him, no stroke of 
brilliance came to him, no sudden burst of 
understanding. 

Harry stretched out his arms, lifted the egg in his wet 
hands, and opened it. The wailing, screeching sound 
filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the 
marble walls, but it sounded just as 
incomprehensible as ever, if not more so with all the 
echoes. He snapped it shut again, worried that the 
sound would attract Filch, wondering whether that 
hadnt been Cedrics plan  and then, making him 
jump so badly that he dropped the egg, which 
clattered away across the bathroom floor, someone 
spoke. 

Id try putting it in the water, if I were you. 

Harry had swallowed a considerable amount of 
bubbles in shock. He stood up, sputtering, and saw 
the ghost of a very glumlooking girl sitting cross 
legged on top of one of the taps. It was Moaning 
Myrtle, who was usually to be heard sobbing in the S 
bend of a toilet three floors below. 

Myrtle! Harry said in outrage, Im  Im not 
wearing anything! 

The foam was so dense that this hardly mattered, but 
he had a nasty feeling that Myrtle had been spying on 
him from out of one of the taps ever since he had 
arrived. 

I closed my eyes when you got in, she said, blinking 
at him through her thick spectacles. You havent 
been to see me for ages. 

Yeah ... well ... said Harry, bending his knees 
slightly, just to make absolutely sure Myrtle couldnt 

  509 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




see anything but his head, Im not supposed to come 
into your bathroom, am I? Its a girls one. 



You didnt used to care, said Myrtle miserably. You 
used to be in there all the time. 

This was true, though only because Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione had found Myrtles outoforder toilets a 
convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in secret  
a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into 
living replicas of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour, so 
that they could sneak into the Slytherin common 
room. 

I got told off for going in there, said Harry, which 
was halftrue; Percy had once caught him coming out 
of Myrtles bathroom. I thought Id better not come 
back after that. 

Oh ... I see ... said Myrtle, picking at a spot on her 
chin in a morose sort of way. Well... anyway ... Id try 
the egg in the water. Thats what Cedric Diggory did. 

Have you been spying on him too? said Harry 
indignantly. What dyou do, sneak up here in the 
evenings to watch the prefects take baths? 

Sometimes, said Myrtle, rather slyly, but Ive never 
come out to speak to anyone before. 

Im honored, said Harry darkly. You keep your eyes 
shut! 

He made sure Myrtle had her glasses well covered 
before hoisting himself out of the bath, wrapping the 
towel firmly around his waist, and going to retrieve 
the egg. Once he was back in the water, Myrtle peered 
through her fingers and said, Go on, then . . . open it 
under the water! 

  510 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Harry lowered the egg beneath the foamy surface and 
opened it ... and this time, it did not wail. A gurgling 
song was coming out of it, a song whose words he 
couldnt distinguish through the water. 

You need to put your head under too, said Myrtle, 
who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying bossing him 
around. Go on! 

Harry took a great breath and slid under the surface 
 and now, sitting on the marble bottom of the 
bubblefilled bath, he heard a chorus of eerie voices 
singing to him from the open egg in his hands: 

Come seek us where our voices sound, 

We cannot sing above the ground, 

And while youre searching ponder this: 

Weve taken what youll sorely miss, 

An hour long youll have to look, 

And to recover what we took, 

But past an hour  the prospects black, 

Too late, its gone, it wont come back. 

Harry let himself float back upward and broke the 
bubbly surface, shaking his hair out of his eyes. 

Hear it? said Myrtle. 

Yeah ... Come seek us where our voices sound ... 
and if I need persuading . . . hang on, I need to listen 
again. ... 



  511 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He sank back beneath the water. It took three more 
underwater renditions of the eggs song before Harry 
had it memorized; then he trod water for a while, 
thinking hard, while Myrtle sat and watched him. 

Ive got to go and look for people who cant use their 
voices above the ground. ... he said slowly. Er ... 
who could that be? 

Slow, arent you? 

He had never seen Moaning Myrtle so cheerful, apart 
from the day when a dose of Polyjuice Potion had 
given Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat. Harry 
stared around the bathroom, thinking ... if the voices 
could only be heard underwater, then it made sense 
for them to belong to underwater creatures. He ran 
this theory past Myrtle, who smirked at him. 

Well, thats what Diggory thought, she said. He lay 
there talking to himself for ages about it. Ages and 
ages ... nearly all the bubbles had gone. ... 

Underwater ... Harry said slowly. Myrtle ... what 
lives in the lake, apart from the giant squid? 

Oh all sorts, she said. I sometimes go down there 
... sometimes dont have any choice, if someone 
flushes my toilet when Im not expecting it. ... 

Trying not to think about Moaning Myrtle zooming 
down a pipe to the lake with the contents of a toilet, 
Harry said, Well, does anything in there have a 
human voice? Hang on   

Harrys eyes had fallen on the picture of the snoozing 
mermaid on the wall. 

Myrtle, there arent merpeople in there, are there? 

  512 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oooh, very good, she said, her thick glasses 
twinkling, it took Diggory much longer than that! 

And that was with her awake too  Myrtle jerked her 
head toward the mermaid with an expression of great 
dislike on her glum face  giggling and showing off 
and flashing her fins. ... 

Thats it, isnt it? said Harry excitedly. The second 
tasks to go and find the merpeople in the lake and . . . 
and ... 

But he suddenly realized what he was saying, and he 
felt the excitement drain out of him as though 
someone had just pulled a plug in his stomach. He 
wasnt a very good swimmer; hed never had much 
practice. Dudley had had lessons in his youth, but 
Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, no doubt hoping 
that Harry would drown one day, hadnt bothered to 
give him any. A couple of lengths of this bath were all 
very well, but that lake was very large, and very deep 
. . . and merpeople would surely live right at the 
bottom. ... 

Myrtle, Harry said slowly, how am I supposed to 
breathe ? 

At this, Myrtles eyes filled with sudden tears again. 

Tactless! she muttered, groping in her robes for a 
handkerchief. 

Whats tactless? said Harry, bewildered. 

Talking about breathing in front of me! she said 
shrilly, and her voice echoed loudly around the 
bathroom. When I cant ... when I havent ... not for 
ages ... 



  513 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




She buried her face in her handkerchief and sniffed 
loudly. Harry remembered how touchy Myrtle had 
always been about being dead, but none of the other 
ghosts he knew made such a fuss about it. 

Sorry, he said impatiently. I didnt mean  I just 
forgot ... 

Oh yes, very easy to forget Myrtles dead, said 
Myrtle, gulping, looking at him out of swollen eyes. 
Nobody missed me even when I was alive. Took them 
hours and hours to find my body  I know, I was 
sitting there waiting for them. Olive Hornby came into 
the bathroom  Are you in here again, sulking, 
Myrtle? she said, because Professor Dippet asked me 
to look for you   And then she saw my body . . . 
ooooh, she didnt forget it until her dying day, I made 
sure of that . . . followed her around and reminded her, 
I did. I remember at her brothers wedding   

But Harry wasnt listening; he was thinking about the 
merpeoples song again. Weve taken what youll 
sorely miss. That sounded as though they were going 
to steal something of his, something he had to get 
back. What were they going to take? 

  and then, of course, she went to the Ministry of 
Magic to stop me stalking her, so I had to come back 
here and live in my toilet. 

Good, said Harry vaguely. Well, Im a lot further on 
than I was. ... Shut your eyes again, will you? Im 
getting out. 

He retrieved the egg from the bottom of the bath, 
climbed out, dried himself, and pulled on his pajamas 
and dressing gown again. 



  514 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Will you come and visit me in my bathroom again 
sometime? Moaning Myrtle asked mournfully as 
Harry picked up the Invisibility Cloak. 

Er ... Ill try, Harry said, though privately thinking 
the only way hed be visiting Myrtles bathroom again 
was if every other toilet in the castle got blocked. See 
you, Myrtle ... thanks for your help. 

 Bye, bye, she said gloomily, and as Harry put on 
the Invisibility Cloak he saw her zoom back up the 
tap. 

Out in the dark corridor, Harry examined the 
Marauders Map to check that the coast was still 
clear. Yes, the dots belonging to Filch and his cat, 

Mrs. Norris, were safely in their office ... nothing else 
seemed to be moving apart from Peeves, though he 
was bouncing around the trophy room on the floor 
above. ... Harry had taken his first step back toward 
Gryffindor Tower when something else on the map 
caught his eye ... something distinctly odd. 

Peeves was not the only thing that was moving. A 
single dot was flitting around a room in the bottom 
lefthand corner  Snapes office. But the dot wasnt 
labeled Severus Snape ... it was Bartemius Crouch. 

Harry stared at the dot. Mr. Crouch was supposed to 
be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball  
so what was he doing, sneaking into Hogwarts at one 
oclock in the morning? Harry watched closely as the 
dot moved around and around the room, pausing 
here and there. ... 

Harry hesitated, thinking . . . and then his curiosity got 
the better of him. He turned and set off in the 
opposite direction toward the nearest staircase. He 
was going to see what Crouch was up to. 

  515 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry walked down the stairs as quietly as possible, 
though the faces in some of the portraits still turned 
curiously at the squeak of a floorboard, the rustle of 
his pajamas. He crept along the corridor below, 
pushed aside a tapestry about halfway along, and 
proceeded down a narrower staircase, a shortcut that 
would take him down two floors. He kept glancing 
down at the map, wondering ... It just didnt seem in 
character, somehow, for correct, lawabiding Mr. 
Crouch to be sneaking around somebody elses office 
this late at night. ... 

And then, halfway down the staircase, not thinking 
about what he was doing, not concentrating on 
anything but the peculiar behavior of Mr. Crouch, 
Harrys leg suddenly sank right through the trick step 
Neville always forgot to jump. He gave an ungainly 
wobble, and the golden egg, still damp from the bath, 
slipped from under his arm. He lurched forward to try 
and catch it, but too late; the egg fell down the long 
staircase with a bang as loud as a bass drum on 
every step  the Invisibility Cloak slipped  Harry 
snatched at it, and the Marauders Map fluttered out 
of his hand and slid down six stairs, where, sunk in 
the step to above his knee, he couldnt reach it. 

The golden egg fell through the tapestry at the bottom 
of the staircase, burst open, and began wailing loudly 
in the corridor below. Harry pulled out his wand and 
struggled to touch the Marauders Map, to wipe it 
blank, but it was too far away to reach  

Pulling the cloak back over himself Harry 
straightened up, listening hard with his eyes screwed 
up with fear ... and, almost immediately  

PEEVES! 



  516 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It was the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the 
caretaker. Harry could hear his rapid, shuffling 
footsteps coming nearer and nearer, his wheezy voice 
raised in fury. 

Whats this racket? Wake up the whole castle, will 
you? Ill have you, Peeves, Ill have you, youll ... and 
what is this? 

Filch s footsteps halted; there was a clink of metal on 
metal and the wailing stopped  Filch had picked up 
the egg and closed it. Harry stood very still, one leg 
still jammed tightly in the magical step, listening. Any 
moment now, Filch was going to pull aside the 
tapestry, expecting to see Peeves . . . and there would 
be no Peeves ... but if he came up the stairs, he would 
spot the Marauders Map ... and Invisibility Cloak or 
not, the map would show Harry Potter standing 
exactly where he was. 

Egg? Filch said quietly at the foot of the stairs. My 
sweet!  Mrs. Norris was obviously with him  This 
is a Triwizard clue! This belongs to a school 
champion! 

Harry felt sick; his heart was hammering very fast  

PEEVES! Filch roared gleefully. Youve been 
stealing! 

He ripped back the tapestry below, and Harry saw his 
horrible, pouchy face and bulging, pale eyes staring 
up the dark and (to Filch) deserted staircase. 

Hiding, are you? he said softly. Im coming to get 
you, Peeves. ... Youve gone and stolen a Tri wizard 
clue, Peeves. ... Dumbledorell have you out of here 
for this, you filthy, pilfering poltergeist. ... 



  517 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Filch started to climb the stairs, his scrawny, dust 
colored cat at his heels. Mrs. Norriss lamplike eyes, 
so very like her masters, were fixed directly upon 
Harry. He had had occasion before now to wonder 
whether the Invisibility Cloak worked on cats. ... Sick 
with apprehension, he watched Filch drawing nearer 
and nearer in his old flannel dressing gown  he 
tried desperately to pull his trapped leg free, but it 
merely sank a few more inches  any second now, 
Filch was going to spot the map or walk right into him 



Filch? Whats going on? 

Filch stopped a few steps below Harry and turned. At 
the foot of the stairs stood the only person who could 
make Harrys situation worse: Snape. He was wearing 
a long gray nightshirt and he looked livid. 

Its Peeves, Professor, Filch whispered malevolently. 
He threw this egg down the stairs. 

Snape climbed up the stairs quickly and stopped 
beside Filch. Harry gritted his teeth, convinced his 
loudly thumping heart would give him away at any 
second. ... 

Peeves? said Snape softly, staring at the egg in 
Filchs hands. But Peeves couldnt get into my office. 



This egg was in your office, Professor? 

Of course not, Snape snapped. I heard banging and 
wailing   

Yes, Professor, that was the egg   

  I was coming to investigate   

  518 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




  Peeves threw it, Professor   

  and when I passed my office, I saw that the 
torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! 
Somebody has been searching it! 

But Peeves couldnt   

I know he couldnt, Filch! Snape snapped again. I 
seal my office with a spell none but a wizard could 
break! Snape looked up the stairs, straight through 
Harry, and then down into the corridor below. I want 
you to come and help me search for the intruder, 
Filch. 

I  yes, Professor  but   

Filch looked yearningly up the stairs, right through 
Harry, who could see that he was very reluctant to 
forgo the chance of cornering Peeves. Go, Harry 
pleaded with him silently, go with Snape ... go ... Mrs. 
Norris was peering around Filch s legs. ... Harry had 
the distinct impression that she could smell him. ... 
Why had he filled that bath with so much perfumed 
foam? 

The thing is, Professor, said Filch plaintively, the 
headmaster will have to listen to me this time. Peeves 
has been stealing from a student, it might be my 
chance to get him thrown out of the castle once and 
for all   

Filch, I dont give a damn about that wretched 
poltergeist; its my office thats   

Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. 

Snape stopped talking very abruptly. He and Filch 
both looked down at the foot of the stairs. Harry saw 

  519 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




MadEye Moody limp into sight through the narrow 
gap between their heads. Moody was wearing his old 
traveling cloak over his nightshirt and leaning on his 
staff as usual. 

Pajama party, is it? he growled up the stairs. 

Professor Snape and I heard noises, Professor, said 
Filch at once. Peeves the Poltergeist, throwing things 
around as usual  and then Professor Snape 
discovered that someone had broken into his off   

Shut up! Snape hissed to Filch. 

Moody took a step closer to the foot of the stairs. 

Harry saw Moodys magical eye travel over Snape, and 
then, unmistakably, onto himself. 

Harrys heart gave a horrible jolt. Moody could see 
through Invisibility Cloaks ... he alone could see the 
full strangeness of the scene: Snape in his nightshirt, 
Filch clutching the egg, and he, Harry, trapped in the 
stairs behind them. Moodys lopsided gash of a mouth 
opened in surprise. For a few seconds, he and Harry 
stared straight into each others eyes. Then Moody 
closed his mouth and turned his blue eye upon Snape 
again. 

Did I hear that correctly, Snape? he asked slowly. 
Someone broke into your office? 

It is unimportant, said Snape coldly. 

On the contrary, growled Moody, it is very 
important. Whod want to break into your office? 

A student, I daresay, said Snape. Harry could see a 
vein flickering horribly on Snape s greasy temple. It 
has happened before. Potion ingredients have gone 

  520 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




missing from my private store cupboard ... students 
attempting illicit mixtures, no doubt. ... 

Reckon they were after potion ingredients, eh? said 
Moody. Not hiding anything else in your office, are 
you? 

Harry saw the edge of Snape s sallow face turn a 
nasty brick color, the vein in his temple pulsing more 
rapidly. 

You know Im hiding nothing, Moody, he said in a 
soft and dangerous voice, as youve searched my 
office pretty thoroughly yourself. 

Moodys face twisted into a smile. Aurors privilege, 
Snape. Dumbledore told me to keep an eye   

Dumbledore happens to trust me, said Snape 
through clenched teeth. I refuse to believe that he 
gave you orders to search my office! 

 Course Dumbledore trusts you, growled Moody. 
Hes a trusting man, isnt he? Believes in second 
chances. But me  I say there are spots that dont 
come off, Snape. Spots that never come off, dyou 
know what I mean? 

Snape suddenly did something very strange. He 
seized his left forearm convulsively with his right 
hand, as though something on it had hurt him. 

Moody laughed. Get back to bed, Snape. 

You dont have the authority to send me anywhere! 
Snape hissed, letting go of his arm as though angry 
with himself. I have as much right to prowl this 
school after dark as you do! 



  521 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Prowl away, said Moody, but his voice was full of 
menace. I look forward to meeting you in a dark 
corridor some time. ... Youve dropped something, by 
the way. ... 

With a stab of horror, Harry saw Moody point at the 
Marauders Map, still lying on the staircase six steps 
below him. As Snape and Filch both turned to look at 
it, Harry threw caution to the winds; he raised his 
arms under the cloak and waved furiously at Moody 
to attract his attention, mouthing Its mine! Mine! 

Snape had reached out for it, a horrible expression of 
dawning comprehension on his face  

Accio Parchments 

The map flew up into the air, slipped through Snape s 
outstretched fingers, and soared down the stairs into 
Moodys hand. 

My mistake, Moody said calmly. Its mine  
mustve dropped it earlier   

But Snape s black eyes were darting from the egg in 
Filchs arms to the map in Moodys hand, and Harry 
could tell he was putting two and two together, as 
only Snape could. ... 

Potter, he said quietly. 

Whats that? said Moody calmly, folding up the map 
and pocketing it. 

Potter! Snape snarled, and he actually turned his 
head and stared right at the place where Harry was, 
as though he could suddenly see him. That egg is 
Potters egg. That piece of parchment belongs to 



  522 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Potter. I have seen it before, I recognize it! Potter is 
here! Potter, in his Invisibility Cloak! 

Snape stretched out his hands like a blind man and 
began to move up the stairs; Harry could have sworn 
his overlarge nostrils were dilating, trying to sniff 
Harry out  trapped, Harry leaned backward, trying 
to avoid Snapes fingertips, but any moment now  

Theres nothing there, Snape! barked Moody, but 
Ill be happy to tell the headmaster how quickly your 
mind jumped to Harry Potter! 

Meaning what? Snape turned again to look at 
Moody, his hands still outstretched, inches from 
Harrys chest. 

Meaning that Dumbledores very interested to know 
whos got it in for that boy! said Moody, limping 
nearer still to the foot of the stairs. And so am I, 
Snape ... very interested. ... The torchlight flickered 
across his mangled face, so that the scars, and the 
chunk missing from his nose, looked deeper and 
darker than ever. 

Snape was looking down at Moody, and Harry 
couldnt see the expression on his face. For a 
moment, nobody moved or said anything. Then Snape 
slowly lowered his hands. 

I merely thought, said Snape, in a voice of forced 
calm, that if Potter was wandering around after 
hours again ... its an unfortunate habit of his ... he 
should be stopped. For  for his own safety. 

Ah, I see, said Moody softly. Got Potters best 
interests at heart, have you? 



  523 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




There was a pause. Snape and Moody were still 
staring at each other. Mrs. Norris gave a loud meow, 
still peering around Filchs legs, looking for the source 
of Harrys bubblebath smell. 

I think I will go back to bed, Snape said curtly. 

Best idea youve had all night, said Moody. Now, 
Filch, if youll just give me that egg   

No! said Filch, clutching the egg as though it were 
his firstborn son. Professor Moody, this is evidence of 
Peeves treachery! 

Its the property of the champion he stole it from, 
said Moody. Hand it over, now. 

Snape swept downstairs and passed Moody without 
another word. Filch made a chirruping noise to Mrs. 
Norris, who stared blankly at Harry for a few more 
seconds before turning and following her master. Still 
breathing very fast, Harry heard Snape walking away 
down the corridor; Filch handed Moody the egg and 
disappeared from view too, muttering to Mrs. Norris. 
Never mind, my sweet ... well see Dumbledore in the 
morning ... tell him what Peeves was up to. ... 

A door slammed. Harry was left staring down at 
Moody, who placed his staff on the bottommost stair 
and started to climb laboriously toward him, a dull 
clunk on every other step. 

Close shave, Potter, he muttered. 

Yeah ... I  er ... thanks, said Harry weakly. 

What is this thing? said Moody, drawing the 
Marauders Map out of his pocket and unfolding it. 



  524 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Map of Hogwarts, said Harry, hoping Moody was 
going to pull him out of the staircase soon; his leg 
was really hurting him. 

Merlins beard, Moody whispered, staring at the 
map, his magical eye going haywire. This ... this is 
some map, Potter! 

Yeah, its ... quite useful, Harry said. His eyes were 
starting to water from the pain. Er  Professor 
Moody, dyou think you could help me  ? 

What? Oh! Yes ... yes, of course ... 

Moody took hold of Harrys arms and pulled; Harrys 
leg came free of the trick step, and he climbed onto 
the one above it. Moody was still gazing at the map. 

Potter ... he said slowly, you didnt happen, by any 
chance, to see who broke into Snapes office, did you? 
On this map, I mean? 

Er ... yeah, I did ... Harry admitted. It was Mr. 
Crouch. 

Moodys magical eye whizzed over the entire surface of 
the map. He looked suddenly alarmed. 

Crouch? he said. Youre  youre sure, Potter? 

Positive, said Harry. 

Well, hes not here anymore, said Moody, his eye 
still whizzing over the map. Crouch ... thats very  
very interesting. ... 

He said nothing for almost a minute, still staring at 
the map. Harry could tell that this news meant 
something to Moody and very much wanted to know 

  525 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




what it was. He wondered whether he dared ask. 
Moody scared him slightly ... yet Moody had just 
helped him avoid an awful lot of trouble. ... 

Er ... Professor Moody ... why dyou reckon Mr. 
Crouch wanted to look around S napes office? 

Moodys magical eye left the map and fixed, quivering, 
upon Harry. It was a penetrating glare, and Harry had 
the impression that Moody was sizing him up, 
wondering whether to answer or not, or how much to 
tell him. 

Put it this way, Potter, Moody muttered finally, they 
say old MadEyes obsessed with catching Dark 
wizards ... but Im nothing  nothing  compared to 
Barty Crouch. 

He continued to stare at the map. Harry was burning 
to know more. 

Professor Moody? he said again. Dyou think ... 
could this have anything to do with . . . maybe Mr. 
Crouch thinks theres something going on. ... 

Like what? said Moody sharply. 

Harry wondered how much he dare say. He didnt 
want Moody to guess that he had a source of 
information outside Hogwarts; that might lead to 
tricky questions about Sirius. 

I dont know, Harry muttered, odd stuffs been 
happening lately, hasnt it? Its been in the Daily 
Prophet ... the Dark Mark at the World Cup, and the 
Death Eaters and everything. ... 

Both of Moodys mismatched eyes widened. 



  526 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Youre a sharp boy, Potter, he said. His magical eye 
roved back to the Marauders Map. Crouch could be 
thinking along those lines, he said slowly. Very 
possible ... there have been some funny rumors flying 
around lately  helped along by Rita Skeeter, of 
course. Its making a lot of people nervous, I reckon. 

A grim smile twisted his lopsided mouth. Oh if 
theres one thing I hate, he muttered, more to himself 
than to Harry, and his magical eye was fixed on the 
lefthand corner of the map, its a Death Eater who 
walked free. ... 

Harry stared at him. Could Moody possibly mean 
what Harry thought he meant? 

And now I want to ask you a question, Potter, said 
Moody in a more businesslike tone. 

Harrys heart sank; he had thought this was coming. 
Moody was going to ask where he had got this map, 
which was a very dubious magical object  and the 
story of how it had fallen into his hands incriminated 
not only him, but his own father, Fred and George 
Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defense 
Against the Dark Arts teacher. Moody waved the map 
in front of Harry, who braced himself  

Can I borrow this? 

Oh! said Harry. 

He was very fond of his map, but on the other hand, 
he was extremely relieved that Moody wasnt asking 
where hed got it, and there was no doubt that he 
owed Moody a favor. 

Yeah, okay. 



  527 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Good boy, growled Moody. I can make good use of 
this ... this might be exactly what Ive been looking 
for. ... Right, bed, Potter, come on, now. ... 

They climbed to the top of the stairs together, Moody 
still examining the map as though it was a treasure 
the like of which he had never seen before. They 
walked in silence to the door of Moodys office, where 
he stopped and looked up at Harry. 

You ever thought of a career as an Auror, Potter? 

No, said Harry, taken aback. 

You want to consider it, said Moody, nodding and 
looking at Harry thoughtfully. Yes, indeed ... and 
incidentally ... Im guessing you werent just taking 
that egg for a walk tonight? 

Er  no, said Harry, grinning. Ive been working 
out the clue. 

Moody winked at him, his magical eye going haywire 
again. 

Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas, 
Potter. ... See you in the morning. ... 

He went back into his office, staring down at the 
Marauders Map again, and closed the door behind 
him. 

Harry walked slowly back to Gryffindor Tower, lost in 
thought about Snape, and Crouch, and what it all 
meant. ... Why was Crouch pretending to be ill, if he 
could manage to get to Hogwarts when he wanted to? 
What did he think Snape was concealing in his office? 



  528 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And Moody thought he, Harry, ought to be an Auror! 
Interesting idea . . . but somehow, Harry thought, as 
he got quietly into his fourposter ten minutes later, 
the egg and the cloak now safely back in his trunk, he 
thought hed like to check how scarred the rest of 
them were before he chose it as a career. 



  529 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   







THE SECOND TASK 

You said youd already worked out that egg clue! 
said Hermione indignantly. 

Keep your voice down! said Harry crossly. I just 
need to  sort of finetune it, all right? 

He, Ron, and Hermione were sitting at the very back 
of the Charms class with a table to themselves. They 
were supposed to be practicing the opposite of the 
Summoning Charm today  the Banishing Charm. 
Owing to the potential for nasty accidents when 
objects kept flying across the room, Professor Flitwick 
had given each student a stack of cushions on which 
to practice, the theory being that these wouldnt hurt 
anyone if they went off target. It was a good theory, 
but it wasnt working very well. Nevilles aim was so 
poor that he kept accidentally sending much heavier 
things flying across the room  Professor Flitwick, for 
instance. 

Just forget the egg for a minute, all right? Harry 
hissed as Professor Flitwick went whizzing resignedly 

  530 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



past them, landing on top of a large cabinet. Im 
trying to tell you about Snape and Moody. ... 

This class was an ideal cover for a private 
conversation, as everyone was having far too much 
fun to pay them any attention. Harry had been 
recounting his adventures of the previous night in 
whispered installments for the last half hour. 

Snape said Moodys searched his office as well? Ron 
whispered, his eyes alight with interest as he 
Banished a cushion with a sweep of his wand (it 
soared into the air and knocked Parvatis hat off). 
What ... dyou reckon Moodys here to keep an eye on 
Snape as well as Karkaroff? 

Well, I dunno if thats what Dumbledore asked him 
to do, but hes definitely doing it, said Harry, waving 
his wand without paying much attention, so that his 
cushion did an odd sort of belly flop off the desk. 
Moody said Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here 
because hes giving him a second chance or 
something. ... 

What? said Ron, his eyes widening, his next cushion 
spinning high into the air, ricocheting off the 
chandelier, and dropping heavily onto Flitwicks desk. 
Harry . . . maybe Moody thinks Snape put your name 
in the Goblet of Fire! 

Oh Ron, said Hermione, shaking her head 
sceptically, we thought Snape was trying to kill 
Harry before, and it turned out he was saving Harrys 
life, remember? 

She Banished a cushion and it flew across the room 
and landed in the box they were all supposed to be 
aiming at. Harry looked at Hermione, thinking ... it 
was true that Snape had saved his life once, but the 

  531 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




odd thing was, Snape definitely loathed him, just as 
hed loathed Harrys father when they had been at 
school together. Snape loved taking points from 
Harry, and had certainly never missed an opportunity 
to give him punishments, or even to suggest that he 
should be suspended from the school. 

I dont care what Moody says, Hermione went on. 
Dumbledores not stupid. He was right to trust 
Hagrid and Professor Lupin, even though loads of 
people wouldnt have given them jobs, so why 
shouldnt he be right about Snape, even if Snape is a 
bit   



  evil, said Ron promptly. Come on, Hermione, 
why are all these Dark wizard catchers searching his 
office, then? 

Why has Mr. Crouch been pretending to be ill? said 
Hermione, ignoring Ron. Its a bit funny, isnt it, that 
he cant manage to come to the Yule Ball, but he can 
get up here in the middle of the night when he wants 
to? 

You just dont like Crouch because of that elf, 
Winky, said Ron, sending a cushion soaring into the 
window. 

You just want to think Snapes up to something, 
said Hermione, sending her cushion zooming neatly 
into the box. 

I just want to know what Snape did with his first 
chance, if hes on his second one, said Harry grimly, 
and his cushion, to his very great surprise, flew 
straight across the room and landed neatly on top of 
Hermione s. 



  532 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Obedient to Siriuss wish of hearing about anything 
odd at Hogwarts, Harry sent him a letter by brown 
owl that night, explaining all about Mr. Crouch 
breaking into Snapes office, and Moody and Snapes 
conversation. Then Harry turned his attention in 
earnest to the most urgent problem facing him: how 
to survive underwater for an hour on the twenty 
fourth of February. 

Ron quite liked the idea of using the Summoning 
Charm again  Harry had explained about Aqua 
Lungs, and Ron couldnt see why Harry shouldnt 
Summon one from the nearest Muggle town. 

Hermione squashed this plan by pointing out that, in 
the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how 
to operate an AquaLung within the set limit of an 
hour, he was sure to be disqualified for breaking the 
International Code of Wizarding Secrecy  it was too 
much to hope that no Muggles would spot an Aqua 
Lung zooming across the countryside to Hogwarts. 

Of course, the ideal solution would be for you to 
Transfigure yourself into a submarine or something, 
Hermione said. If only wed done human 
Transfiguration already! But I dont think we start 
that until sixth year, and it can go badly wrong if you 
dont know what youre doing. ... 

Yeah, I dont fancy walking around with a periscope 
sticking out of my head, said Harry. I spose I could 
always attack someone in front of Moody; he might do 
it for me. ... 

I dont think hed let you choose what you wanted to 
be turned into, though, said Hermione seriously. 

No, I think your best chance is some sort of charm. 

So Harry, thinking that he would soon have had 
enough of the library to last him a lifetime, buried 

  533 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




himself once more among the dusty volumes, looking 
for any spell that might enable a human to survive 
without oxygen. However, though he, Ron, and 
Hermione searched through their lunchtimes, 
evenings, and whole weekends  though Harry asked 
Professor McGonagall for a note of permission to use 
the Restricted Section, and even asked the irritable, 
vulturelike librarian, Madam Pince, for help  they 
found nothing whatsoever that would enable Harry to 
spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale. 

Familiar flutterings of panic were starting to disturb 
Harry now, and he was finding it difficult to 
concentrate in class again. The lake, which Harry had 
always taken for granted as just another feature of 
the grounds, drew his eyes whenever he was near a 
classroom window, a great, irongray mass of chilly 
water, whose dark and icy depths were starting to 
seem as distant as the moon. 

Just as it had before he faced the Horntail, time was 
slipping away as though somebody had bewitched the 
clocks to go extrafast. There was a week to go before 
February the twentyfourth (there was still time) ... 
there were five days to go (he was bound to find 
something soon) ... three days to go (please let me find 
something . . . please) . . . 

With two days left, Harry started to go off food again. 
The only good thing about breakfast on Monday was 
the return of the brown owl he had sent to Sirius. He 
pulled off the parchment, unrolled it, and saw the 
shortest letter Sirius had ever written to him. 

Send date of next Hogsmeade weekend by return owl. 

Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the 
back, hoping to see something else, but it was blank. 



  534 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Weekend after next, whispered Hermione, who had 
read the note over Harrys shoulder. Here  take my 
quill and send this owl back straight away. 

Harry scribbled the dates down on the back of 
Siriuss letter, tied it onto the brown owls leg, and 
watched it take flight again. What had he expected? 
Advice on how to survive underwater? He had been so 
intent on telling Sirius all about Snape and Moody he 
had completely forgotten to mention the eggs clue. 

Whats he want to know about the next Hogsmeade 
weekend for? said Ron. 

Dunno, said Harry dully. The momentary happiness 
that had flared inside him at the sight of the owl had 
died. Come on ... Care of Magical Creatures. 

Whether Hagrid was trying to make up for the Blast 
Ended Skrewts, or because there were now only two 
skrewts left, or because he was trying to prove he 
could do anything that Professor GrubblyPlank 
could, Harry didnt know, but Hagrid had been 
continuing her lessons on unicorns ever since hed 
returned to work. It turned out that Hagrid knew 
quite as much about unicorns as he did about 
monsters, though it was clear that he found their lack 
of poisonous fangs disappointing. 

Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foals. 
Unlike fullgrown unicorns, they were pure gold. 
Parvati and Lavender went into transports of delight 
at the sight of them, and even Pansy Parkinson had 
to work hard to conceal how much she liked them. 

Easier ter spot than the adults, Hagrid told the 
class. They turn silver when theyre abou two years 
old, an they grow horns at aroun four. Don go pure 
white till theyre full grown, round about seven. 

  535 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Theyre a bit more trustin when theyre babies ... don 
mind boys so much. ... Cmon, move in a bit, yeh can 
pat em if yeh want ... give em a few o these sugar 
lumps. ... 

You okay, Harry? Hagrid muttered, moving aside 
slightly, while most of the others swarmed around the 
baby unicorns. 

Yeah, said Harry. 

Jus nervous, eh? said Hagrid. 

Bit, said Harry. 

Harry, said Hagrid, clapping a massive hand on his 
shoulder, so that Harrys knees buckled under its 
weight, Idve bin worried before I saw yeh take on 
tha Horntail, but I know now yeh can do anythin yeh 
set yer mind ter. Im not worried at all. Yehre goin ter 
be fine. Got yer clue worked out, haven yeh? 

Harry nodded, but even as he did so, an insane urge 
to confess that he didnt have any idea how to survive 
at the bottom of the lake for an hour came over him. 
He looked up at Hagrid  perhaps he had to go into 
the lake sometimes, to deal with the creatures in it? 
He looked after everything else on the grounds, after 
all  

Yehre goin ter win, Hagrid growled, patting Harrys 
shoulder again, so that Harry actually felt himself 
sink a couple of inches into the soft ground. I know 
it. I can feel it. Yehre goin ter win, Harry. 

Harry just couldnt bring himself to wipe the happy, 
confident smile off Hagrid s face. Pretending he was 
interested in the young unicorns, he forced a smile in 



  536 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




return, and moved forward to pat them with the 
others. 



By the evening before the second task, Harry felt as 
though he were trapped in a nightmare. He was fully 
aware that even if, by some miracle, he managed to 
find a suitable spell, hed have a real job mastering it 
overnight. How could he have let this happen? Why 
hadnt he got to work on the eggs clue sooner? Why 
had he ever let his mind wander in class  what if a 
teacher had once mentioned how to breathe 
underwater? 

He sat with Hermione and Ron in the library as the 
sun set outside, tearing feverishly through  after 
 of spells, hidden from one another by the 
massive piles of books on the desk in front of each of 
them. Harrys heart gave a huge leap every time he 
saw the word water on a , but more often than 
not it was merely Take two pints of water, half a 
pound of shredded mandrake leaves, and a newt ... 

I dont reckon it can be done, said Rons voice flatly 
from the other side of the table. Theres nothing. 
Nothing. Closest was that thing to dry up puddles and 
ponds, that Drought Charm, but that was nowhere 
near powerful enough to drain the lake. 

There must be something, Hermione muttered, 
moving a candle closer to her. Her eyes were so tired 
she was poring over the tiny print of Olde and 
Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with her nose 
about an inch from the . Theyd never have set a 
task that was undoable. 

They have, said Ron. Harry, just go down to the 
lake tomorrow, right, stick your head in, yell at the 
merpeople to give back whatever theyve nicked, and 
see if they chuck it out. Best you can do, mate. 

  537 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Theres a way of doing it! Hermione said crossly. 
There just has to be! 

She seemed to be taking the librarys lack of useful 
information on the subject as a personal insult; it had 
never failed her before. 

I know what I should have done, said Harry, resting, 
facedown, on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts. I 
shouldve learned to be an Animagus like Sirius. 

An Animagus was a wizard who could transform into 
an animal. 

Yeah, you couldve turned into a goldfish any time 
you wanted! said Ron. 

Or a frog, yawned Harry. He was exhausted. 

It takes years to become an Animagus, and then you 
have to register yourself and everything, said 
Hermione vaguely, now squinting down the index of 
Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and Their Solutions. 
Professor McGonagall told us, remember ... youve 
got to register yourself with the Improper Use of Magic 
Office ... what animal you become, and your 
markings, so you cant abuse it. ... 

Hermione, I was joking, said Harry wearily. I know I 
havent got a chance of turning into a frog by 
tomorrow morning. ... 

Oh this is no use, Hermione said, snapping shut 
Weird Wizarding Dilemmas. Who on earth wants to 
make their nose hair grow into ringlets? 

I wouldnt mind, said Fred Weasleys voice. Be a 
talking point, wouldnt it? 



  538 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up. Fred and 
George had just emerged from behind some 
bookshelves. 

Whatre you two doing here? Ron asked. 

Looking for you, said George. McGonagall wants 
you, Ron. And you, Hermione. 

Why? said Hermione, looking surprised. 

Dunno ... she was looking a bit grim, though, said 
Fred. 

Were supposed to take you down to her office, said 
George. 

Ron and Hermione stared at Harry, who felt his 
stomach drop. Was Professor McGonagall about to tell 
Ron and Hermione off? Perhaps shed noticed how 
much they were helping him, when he ought to be 
working out how to do the task alone? 

Well meet you back in the common room, Hermione 
told Harry as she got up to go with Ron  both of 
them looked very anxious. Bring as many of these 
books as you can, okay? 

Right, said Harry uneasily. 

By eight oclock, Madam Pince had extinguished all 
the lamps and came to chivvy Harry out of the library. 
Staggering under the weight of as many books as he 
could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common 
room, pulled a table into a corner, and continued to 
search. There was nothing in Madcap Magic for 
Wacky Warlocks . . . nothing in A Guide to Medieval 
Sorcery . . . not one mention of underwater exploits in 
An Anthology of EighteenthCentury Charms, or in 
  539 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never 
Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now Youve 
Wised Up. 

Crookshanks crawled into Harrys lap and curled up, 
purring deeply. The common room emptied slowly 
around Harry. People kept wishing him luck for the 
next morning in cheery, confident voices like Hagrids, 
all of them apparently convinced that he was about to 
pull off another stunning performance like the one he 
had managed in the first task. Harry couldnt answer 
them, he just nodded, feeling as though there were a 
golfball stuck in his throat. By ten to midnight, he 
was alone in the room with Crookshanks. He had 
searched all the remaining books, and Ron and 
Hermione had not come back. 

Its over, he told himself. You cant do it. Youll just 
have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell 
the judges. ... 

He imagined himself explaining that he couldnt do 
the task. He pictured Bagmans look of roundeyed 
surprise, Karkaroffs satisfied, yellowtoothed smile. 

He could almost hear Fleur Delacour saying I knew it 
... e is too young, e is only a little boy. He saw Malfoy 
flashing his POTTER STINKS badge at the front of the 
crowd, saw Hagrids crestfallen, disbelieving face. ... 

Forgetting that Crookshanks was on his lap, Harry 
stood up very suddenly; Crookshanks hissed angrily 
as he landed on the floor, gave Harry a disgusted 
look, and stalked away with his bottlebrush tail in the 
air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spiral 
staircase to his dormitory. . . . He would grab the 
Invisibility Cloak and go back to the library, hed stay 
there all night if he had to. ... 



  540 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Lumos, Harry whispered fifteen minutes later as he 
opened the library door. 

Wand tip alight, he crept along the bookshelves, 
pulling down more books  books of hexes and 
charms, books on merpeople and water monsters, 
books on famous witches and wizards, on magical 
inventions, on anything at all that might include one 
passing reference to underwater survival. He carried 
them over to a table, then set to work, searching them 
by the narrow beam of his wand, occasionally 
checking his watch. ... 

One in the morning . . . two in the morning . . . the only 
way he could keep going was to tell himself, over and 
over again, next book ...in the next one . . . the next one 



The mermaid in the painting in the prefects 
bathroom was laughing. Harry was bobbing like a 
cork in bubbly water next to her rock, while she held 
his Firebolt over his head. 

Come and get it! she giggled maliciously. Come on, 
jump! 

I cant, Harry panted, snatching at the Firebolt, and 
struggling not to sink. Give it to me! 

But she just poked him painfully in the side with the 
end of the broomstick, laughing at him. 

That hurts  get off  ouch   

Harry Potter must wake up, sir! 

Stop poking me   



  541 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dobby must poke Harry Potter, sir, he must wake 
up! 

Harry opened his eyes. He was still in the library; the 
Invisibility Cloak had slipped off his head as hed 
slept, and the side of his face was stuck to the s 
of Where Theres a Wand, Theres a Way. He sat up, 
straightening his glasses, blinking in the bright 
daylight. 

Harry Potter needs to hurry! squeaked Dobby. The 
second task starts in ten minutes, and Harry Potter 



Ten minutes? Harry croaked. Ten  ten minutes? 

He looked down at his watch. Dobby was right. It was 
twenty past nine. A large, dead weight seemed to fall 
through Harrys chest into his stomach. 

Hurry, Harry Potter! squeaked Dobby, plucking at 
Harrys sleeve. You is supposed to be down by the 
lake with the other champions, sir! 

Its too late, Dobby, Harry said hopelessly. Im not 
doing the task, I dont know how   

Harry Potter will do the task! squeaked the elf. 
Dobby knew Harry had not found the right book, so 
Dobby did it for him! 

What? said Harry. But you dont know what the 
second task is   

Dobby knows, sir! Harry Potter has to go into the 
lake and find his Wheezy   

Find my what? 



  542 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




  and take his Wheezy back from the merpeople! 



Whats a Wheezy? 

Your Wheezy, sir, your Wheezy  Wheezy who is 
giving Dobby his sweater! 

Dobby plucked at the shrunken maroon sweater he 
was now wearing over his shorts. 

What? Harry gasped. Theyve got ... theyve got 
Ron? 

The thing Harry Potter will miss most, sir! squeaked 
Dobby.  But past an hour    

  the prospects black,  Harry recited, staring, 
horrorstruck, at the elf.  Too late, its gone, it wont 
come back. Dobby  whatve I got to do? 

You has to eat this, sir! squeaked the elf, and he put 
his hand in the pocket of his shorts and drew out a 
ball of what looked like slimy, grayishgreen rat tails. 
Right before you go into the lake, sir  gillyweed! 

Whats it do? said Harry, staring at the gillyweed. 

It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir! 

Dobby, said Harry frantically, listen  are you sure 
about this? 

He couldnt quite forget that the last time Dobby had 
tried to help him, he had ended up with no bones in 
his right arm. 

Dobby is quite sure, sir! said the elf earnestly. 
Dobby hears things, sir, he is a houseelf, he goes all 
over the castle as he lights the fires and mops the 

  543 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




floors. Dobby heard Professor McGonagall and 
Professor Moody in the staffroom, talking about the 
next task. . . . Dobby cannot let Harry Potter lose his 
Wheezy! 

Harrys doubts vanished. Jumping to his feet he 
pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, stuffed it into his bag, 
grabbed the gillyweed, and put it into his pocket, then 
tore out of the library with Dobby at his heels. 

Dobby is supposed to be in the kitchens, sir! Dobby 
squealed as they burst into the corridor. Dobby will 
be missed  good luck, Harry Potter, sir, good luck! 

See you later, Dobby! Harry shouted, and he 
sprinted along the corridor and down the stairs, three 
at a time. 

The entrance hall contained a few lastminute 
stragglers, all leaving the Great Hall after breakfast 
and heading through the double oak doors to watch 
the second task. They stared as Harry flashed past, 
sending Colin and Dennis Creevey flying as he leapt 
down the stone steps and out onto the bright, chilly 
grounds. 

As he pounded down the lawn he saw that the seats 
that had encircled the dragons enclosure in 
November were now ranged along the opposite bank, 
rising in stands that were packed to the bursting 
point and reflected in the lake below. The excited 
babble of the crowd echoed strangely across the water 
as Harry ran flatout around the other side of the lake 
toward the judges, who were sitting at another gold 
draped table at the waters edge. Cedric, Fleur, and 
Krum were beside the judges table, watching Harry 
sprint toward them. 



  544 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Tm ... here ... Harry panted, skidding to a halt in 
the mud and accidentally splattering Fleurs robes. 

Where have you been? said a bossy, disapproving 
voice. The tasks about to start! 

Harry looked around. Percy Weasley was sitting at the 
judges table  Mr. Crouch had failed to turn up 
again. 

Now, now, Percy! said Ludo Bagman, who was 
looking intensely relieved to see Harry. Let him catch 
his breath! 

Dumbledore smiled at Harry, but Karkaroff and 
Madame Maxime didnt look at all pleased to see him. 
... It was obvious from the looks on their faces that 
they had thought he wasnt going to turn up. 

Harry bent over, hands on his knees, gasping for 
breath; he had a stitch in his side that felt as though 
he had a knife between his ribs, but there was no 
time to get rid of it; Ludo Bagman was now moving 
among the champions, spacing them along the bank 
at intervals of ten feet. Harry was on the very end of 
the line, next to Krum, who was wearing swimming 
trunks and was holding his wand ready. 

All right, Harry? Bagman whispered as he moved 
Harry a few feet farther away from Krum. Know what 
youre going to do? 

Yeah, Harry panted, massaging his ribs. 

Bagman gave Harrys shoulder a quick squeeze and 
returned to the judges table; he pointed his wand at 
his throat as he had done at the World Cup, said, 
Sonorusl and his voice boomed out across the dark 
water toward the stands. 

  545 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, all our champions are ready for the second 
task, which will start on my whistle. They have 
precisely an hour to recover what has been taken 
from them. On the count of three, then. One ... two ... 
three! 

The whistle echoed shrilly in the cold, still air; the 
stands erupted with cheers and applause; without 
looking to see what the other champions were doing, 
Harry pulled off his shoes and socks, pulled the 
handful of gillyweed out of his pocket, stuffed it into 
his mouth, and waded out into the lake. 

It was so cold he felt the skin on his legs searing as 
though this were fire, not icy water. His sodden robes 
weighed him down as he walked in deeper; now the 
water was over his knees, and his rapidly numbing 
feet were slipping over silt and flat, slimy stones. He 
was chewing the gillyweed as hard and fast as he 
could; it felt unpleasantly slimy and rubbery, like 
octopus tentacles. Waistdeep in the freezing water he 
stopped, swallowed, and waited for something to 
happen. 

He could hear laughter in the crowd and knew he 
must look stupid, walking into the lake without 
showing any sign of magical power. The part of him 
that was still dry was covered in goose pimples; half 
immersed in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting his 
hair, Harry started to shiver violently. He avoided 
looking at the stands; the laughter was becoming 
louder, and there were catcalls and jeering from the 
Slytherins. ... 

Then, quite suddenly, Harry felt as though an 
invisible pillow had been pressed over his mouth and 
nose. He tried to draw breath, but it made his head 
spin; his lungs were empty, and he suddenly felt a 
piercing pain on either side of his neck  

  546 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry clapped his hands around his throat and felt 
two large slits just below his ears, flapping in the cold 
air. ... He had gills. Without pausing to think, he did 
the only thing that made sense  he flung himself 
forward into the water. 

The first gulp of icy lake water felt like the breath of 
life. His head had stopped spinning; he took another 
great gulp of water and felt it pass smoothly through 
his gills, sending oxygen back to his brain. He 
stretched out his hands in front of him and stared at 
them. They looked green and ghostly under the water, 
and they had become webbed. He twisted around and 
looked at his bare feet  they had become elongated 
and the toes were webbed too: It looked as though he 
had sprouted flippers. 

The water didnt feel icy anymore either ... on the 
contrary, he felt pleasantly cool and very light. ... 
Harry struck out once more, marveling at how far and 
fast his flipperlike feet propelled him through the 
water, and noticing how clearly he could see, and how 
he no longer seemed to need to blink. He had soon 
swum so far into the lake that he could no longer see 
the bottom. He flipped over and dived into its depths. 

Silence pressed upon his ears as he soared over a 
strange, dark, foggy landscape. He could only see ten 
feet around him, so that as he sped through the water 
new scenes seemed to loom suddenly out of the 
oncoming darkness: forests of rippling, tangled black 
weed, wide plains of mud littered with dull, 
glimmering stones. He swam deeper and deeper, out 
toward the middle of the lake, his eyes wide, staring 
through the eerily graylit water around him to the 
shadows beyond, where the water became opaque. 

Small fish flickered past him like silver darts. Once or 
twice he thought he saw something larger moving 

  547 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




ahead of him, but when he got nearer, he discovered 
it to be nothing but a large, blackened log, or a dense 
clump of weed. There was no sign of any of the other 
champions, merpeople, Ron  nor, thankfully, the 
giant squid. 

Light green weed stretched ahead of him as far as he 
could see, two feet deep, like a meadow of very 
overgrown grass. Harry was staring unblinkingly 
ahead of him, trying to discern shapes through the 
gloom . . . and then, without warning, something 
grabbed hold of his ankle. 

Harry twisted his body around and saw a grindylow, a 
small, horned water demon, poking out of the weed, 
its long fingers clutched tightly around Harrys leg, its 
pointed fangs bared  Harry stuck his webbed hand 
quickly inside his robes and fumbled for his wand. By 
the time he had grasped it, two more grindylows had 
risen out of the weed, had seized handfuls of Harrys 
robes, and were attempting to drag him down. 

Relashio\ Harry shouted, except that no sound came 
out. ... A large bubble issued from his mouth, and his 
wand, instead of sending sparks at the grindylows, 
pelted them with what seemed to be a jet of boiling 
water, for where it struck them, angry red patches 
appeared on their green skin. Harry pulled his ankle 
out of the grindylows grip and swam, as fast as he 
could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water 
over his shoulder at random; every now and then he 
felt one of the grindylows snatch at his foot again, 
and he kicked out, hard; finally, he felt his foot 
connect with a horned skull, and looking back, saw 
the dazed grindylow floating away, crosseyed, while 
its fellows shook their fists at Harry and sank back 
into the weed. 



  548 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry slowed down a little, slipped his wand back 
inside his robes, and looked around, listening again. 
He turned full circle in the water, the silence pressing 
harder than ever against his eardrums. He knew he 
must be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing was 
moving but the rippling weed. 

How are you getting on? 

Harry thought he was having a heart attack. He 
whipped around and saw Moaning Myrtle floating 
hazily in front of him, gazing at him through her 
thick, pearly glasses. 

Myrtle! Harry tried to shout  but once again, 
nothing came out of his mouth but a very large 
bubble. Moaning Myrtle actually giggled. 

You want to try over there! she said, pointing. I 
wont come with you. ... I dont like them much, they 
always chase me when I get too close. ... 

Harry gave her the thumbsup to show his thanks 
and set off once more, careful to swim a bit higher 
over the weed to avoid any more grindylows that 
might be lurking there. 

He swam on for what felt like at least twenty minutes. 
He was passing over vast expanses of black mud now, 
which swirled murkily as he disturbed the water. 
Then, at long last, he heard a snatch of haunting 
mersong. 

An hour long youll have to look, 

And to recover what we took ... 

Harry swam faster and soon saw a large rock emerge 
out of the muddy water ahead. It had paintings of 

  549 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




merpeople on it; they were carrying spears and 
chasing what looked like the giant squid. Harry swam 
on past the rock, following the mersong. 

"... your times half gone, so tarry not 

Lest what you seek stays here to rot. ... 

A cluster of crude stone dwellings stained with algae 
loomed suddenly out of the gloom on all sides. Here 
and there at the dark windows, Harry saw faces ... 
faces that bore no resemblance at all to the painting 
of the mermaid in the prefects bathroom. ... 

The merpeople had grayish skin and long, wild, dark 
green hair. Their eyes were yellow, as were their 
broken teeth, and they wore thick ropes of pebbles 
around their necks. They leered at Harry as he swam 
past; one or two of them emerged from their caves to 
watch him better, their powerful, silver fish tails 
beating the water, spears clutched in their hands. 

Harry sped on, staring around, and soon the 
dwellings became more numerous; there were 
gardens of weed around some of them, and he even 
saw a pet grindylow tied to a stake outside one door. 
Merpeople were emerging on all sides now, watching 
him eagerly, pointing at his webbed hands and gills, 
talking behind their hands to one another. Harry sped 
around a corner and a very strange sight met his 
eyes. 

A whole crowd of merpeople was floating in front of 
the houses that lined what looked like a merversion 
of a village square. A choir of merpeople was singing 
in the middle, calling the champions toward them, 
and behind them rose a crude sort of statue; a 
gigantic merperson hewn from a boulder. Four people 
were bound tightly to the tail of the stone merperson. 
  550 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ron was tied between Hermione and Cho Chang. 
There was also a girl who looked no older than eight, 
whose clouds of silvery hair made Harry feel sure that 
she was Fleur Delacours sister. All four of them 
appeared to be in a very deep sleep. Their heads were 
lolling onto their shoulders, and fine streams of 
bubbles kept issuing from their mouths. 

Harry sped toward the hostages, half expecting the 
merpeople to lower their spears and charge at him, 
but they did nothing. The ropes of weed tying the 
hostages to the statue were thick, slimy, and very 
strong. For a fleeting second he thought of the knife 
Sirius had bought him for Christmas  locked in his 
trunk in the castle a quarter of a mile away, no use to 
him whatsoever. 

He looked around. Many of the merpeople 
surrounding them were carrying spears. He swam 
swiftly toward a sevenfoottall merman with a long 
green beard and a choker of shark fangs and tried to 
mime a request to borrow the spear. The merman 
laughed and shook his head. 

We do not help, he said in a harsh, croaky voice. 

Come ON\ Harry said fiercely (but only bubbles 
issued from his mouth), and he tried to pull the spear 
away from the merman, but the merman yanked it 
back, still shaking his head and laughing. 

Harry swirled around, staring about. Something 
sharp ... anything ... 

There were rocks littering the lake bottom. He dived 
and snatched up a particularly jagged one and 
returned to the statue. He began to hack at the ropes 
binding Ron, and after several minutes hard work, 
they broke apart. Ron floated, unconscious, a few 
  551 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




inches above the lake bottom, drifting a little in the 
ebb of the water. 

Harry looked around. There was no sign of any of the 
other champions. What were they playing at? Why 
didnt they hurry up? He turned back to Hermione, 
raised the jagged rock, and began to hack at her 
bindings too  

At once, several pairs of strong gray hands seized 
him. Half a dozen mermen were pulling him away 
from Hermione, shaking their greenhaired heads, 
and laughing. 

You take your own hostage, one of them said to 
him. Leave the others ... 

No way! said Harry furiously  but only two large 
bubbles came out. 

Your task is to retrieve your own friend . . . leave the 
others ... 

Shes my friend too! Harry yelled, gesturing toward 
Hermione, an enormous silver bubble emerging 
soundlessly from his lips. And I dont want them to 
die either! 

Chos head was on Hermione s shoulder; the small 
silverhaired girl was ghostly green and pale. Harry 
struggled to fight off the mermen, but they laughed 
harder than ever, holding him back. Harry looked 
wildly around. Where were the other champions? 
Would he have time to take Ron to the surface and 
come back down for Hermione and the others? Would 
he be able to find them again? He looked down at his 
watch to see how much time was left  it had 
stopped working. 



  552 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But then the merpeople around him pointed excitedly 
over his head. Harry looked up and saw Cedric 
swimming toward them. There was an enormous 
bubble around his head, which made his features 
look oddly wide and stretched. 

Got lost! he mouthed, looking panicstricken. Fleur 
and Krumre coming now! 

Feeling enormously relieved, Harry watched Cedric 
pull a knife out of his pocket and cut Cho free. He 
pulled her upward and out of sight. 

Harry looked around, waiting. Where were Fleur and 
Krum? Time was getting short, and according to the 
song, the hostages would be lost after an hour. . . . 

The merpeople started screeching animatedly. Those 
holding Harry loosened their grip, staring behind 
them. Harry turned and saw something monstrous 
cutting through the water toward them: a human 
body in swimming trunks with the head of a shark. . . . 
It was Krum. He appeared to have transfigured 
himself  but badly. 

The sharkman swam straight to Hermione and began 
snapping and biting at her ropes; the trouble was that 
Krums new teeth were positioned very awkwardly for 
biting anything smaller than a dolphin, and Harry 
was quite sure that if Krum wasnt careful, he was 
going to rip Hermione in half. Darting forward, Harry 
hit Krum hard on the shoulder and held up the 
jagged stone. Krum seized it and began to cut 
Hermione free. Within seconds, he had done it; he 
grabbed Hermione around the waist, and without a 
backward glance, began to rise rapidly with her 
toward the surface. 



  553 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Now what? Harry thought desperately. If he could be 
sure that Fleur was coming. ... But still no sign. 

There was nothing to be done except . . . 

He snatched up the stone, which Krum had dropped, 
but the mermen now closed in around Ron and the 
little girl, shaking their heads at him. Harry pulled 
out his wand. 

Get out of the way! 

Only bubbles flew out of his mouth, but he had the 
distinct impression that the mermen had understood 
him, because they suddenly stopped laughing. Their 
yellowish eyes were fixed upon Harrys wand, and 
they looked scared. There might be a lot more of them 
than there were of him, but Harry could tell, by the 
looks on their faces, that they knew no more magic 
than the giant squid did. 

Youve got until three! Harry shouted; a great 
stream of bubbles burst from him, but he held up 
three fingers to make sure they got the message. One 
... (he put down a finger) two ... (he put down a 
second one)  

They scattered. Harry darted forward and began to 
hack at the ropes binding the small girl to the statue, 
and at last she was free. He seized the little girl 
around the waist, grabbed the neck of Rons robes, 
and kicked off from the bottom. 

It was very slow work. He could no longer use his 
webbed hands to propel himself forward; he worked 
his flippers furiously, but Ron and Fleurs sister were 
like potatofilled sacks dragging him back down. ... 

He fixed his eyes skyward, though he knew he must 
still be very deep, the water above him was so dark. 

  554 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Merpeople were rising with him. He could see them 
swirling around him with ease, watching him struggle 
through the water. ... Would they pull him back down 
to the depths when the time was up? Did they 
perhaps eat humans? Harrys legs were seizing up 
with the effort to keep swimming; his shoulders were 
aching horribly with the effort of dragging Ron and 
the girl. ... 

He was drawing breath with extreme difficulty. He 
could feel pain on the sides of his neck again ... he 
was becoming very aware of how wet the water was in 
his mouth . . . yet the darkness was definitely thinning 
now ... he could see daylight above him. ... 

He kicked hard with his flippers and discovered that 
they were nothing more than feet . . . water was 
flooding through his mouth into his lungs ... he was 
starting to feel dizzy, but he knew light and air were 
only ten feet above him ... he had to get there ... he 
had to . . . 

Harry kicked his legs so hard and fast it felt as 
though his muscles were screaming in protest; his 
very brain felt waterlogged, he couldnt breathe, he 
needed oxygen, he had to keep going, he could not 
stop  

And then he felt his head break the surface of the 
lake; wonderful, cold, clear air was making his wet 
face sting; he gulped it down, feeling as though he 
had never breathed properly before, and, panting, 
pulled Ron and the little girl up with him. All around 
him, wild, greenhaired heads were emerging out of 
the water with him, but they were smiling at him. 

The crowd in the stands was making a great deal of 
noise; shouting and screaming, they all seemed to be 
on their feet; Harry had the impression they thought 

  555 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




that Ron and the little girl might be dead, but they 
were wrong ... both of them had opened their eyes; 
the girl looked scared and confused, but Ron merely 
expelled a great spout of water, blinked in the bright 
light, turned to Harry, and said, Wet, this, isnt it? 
Then he spotted Fleurs sister. What did you bring 
her for? 

Fleur didnt turn up, I couldnt leave her, Harry 
panted. 

Harry, you prat, said Ron, you didnt take that song 
thing seriously, did you? Dumbledore wouldnt have 
let any of us drown! 

The song said   

It was only to make sure you got back inside the time 
limit! said Ron. I hope you didnt waste time down 
there acting the hero! 

Harry felt both stupid and annoyed. It was all very 
well for Ron; hed been asleep, he hadnt felt how 
eerie it was down in the lake, surrounded by spear 
carrying merpeople whod looked more than capable 
of murder. 

Cmon, Harry said shortly, help me with her, I dont 
think she can swim very well. 

They pulled Fleurs sister through the water, back 
toward the bank where the judges stood watching, 
twenty merpeople accompanying them like a guard of 
honor, singing their horrible screechy songs. 

Harry could see Madam Pomfrey fussing over 
Hermione, Krum, Cedric, and Cho, all of whom were 
wrapped in thick blankets. Dumbledore and Ludo 
Bagman stood beaming at Harry and Ron from the 

  556 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




bank as they swam nearer, but Percy, who looked 
very white and somehow much younger than usual, 
came splashing out to meet them. Meanwhile 
Madame Maxime was trying to restrain Fleur 
Delacour, who was quite hysterical, fighting tooth and 
nail to return to the water. 

Gabrielle! Gabrielle\ Is she alive ? Is she urt? 

Shes fine! Harry tried to tell her, but he was so 
exhausted he could hardly talk, let alone shout. 

Percy seized Ron and was dragging him back to the 
bank (Gerroff, Percy, Im all right!); Dumbledore and 
Bagman were pulling Harry upright; Fleur had broken 
free of Madame Maxime and was hugging her sister. 

It was ze grindylows . . . zey attacked me ... oh 
Gabrielle, I thought ... I thought ... 

Come here, you, said Madam Pomfrey. She seized 
Harry and pulled him over to Hermione and the 
others, wrapped him so tightly in a blanket that he 
felt as though he were in a straitjacket, and forced a 
measure of very hot potion down his throat. Steam 
gushed out of his ears. 

Harry, well done! Hermione cried. You did it, you 
found out how all by yourself! 

Well   said Harry. He would have told her about 
Dobby, but he had just noticed Karkaroff watching 
him. He was the only judge who had not left the table; 
the only judge not showing signs of pleasure and 
relief that Harry, Ron, and Fleurs sister had got back 
safely. Yeah, thats right, said Harry, raising his 
voice slightly so that Karkaroff could hear him. 



  557 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You haff a water beetle in your hair, Hermown 
ninny, said Krum. Harry had the impression that 
Krum was drawing her attention back onto himself; 
perhaps to remind her that he had just rescued her 
from the lake, but Hermione brushed away the beetle 
impatiently and said, Youre well outside the time 
limit, though, Harry. . . . Did it take you ages to find 
us? 

No ... I found you okay. ... 

Harrys feeling of stupidity was growing. Now he was 
out of the water, it seemed perfectly clear that 
Dumbledores safety precautions wouldnt have 
permitted the death of a hostage just because their 
champion hadnt turned up. Why hadnt he just 
grabbed Ron and gone? He would have been first 
back. ... Cedric and Krum hadnt wasted time 
worrying about anyone else; they hadnt taken the 
mersong seriously. ... 

Dumbledore was crouching at the waters edge, deep 
in conversation with what seemed to be the chief 
merperson, a particularly wild and ferociouslooking 
female. He was making the same sort of screechy 
noises that the merpeople made when they were 
above water; clearly, Dumbledore could speak 
Mermish. Finally he straightened up, turned to his 
fellow judges, and said, A conference before we give 
the marks, I think. 

The judges went into a huddle. Madam Pomfrey had 
gone to rescue Ron from Percys clutches; she led him 
over to Harry and the others, gave him a blanket and 
some Pepperup Potion, then went to fetch Fleur and 
her sister. Fleur had many cuts on her face and arms 
and her robes were torn, but she didnt seem to care, 
nor would she allow Madam Pomfrey to clean them. 



  558 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Look after Gabrielle, she told her, and then she 
turned to Harry. You saved er, she said 
breathlessly. Even though she was not your ostage. 

Yeah, said Harry, who was now heartily wishing 
hed left all three girls tied to the statue. 

Fleur bent down, kissed Harry twice on each cheek 
(he felt his face burn and wouldnt have been 
surprised if steam was coming out of his ears again), 
then said to Ron, And you too  you elped   

Yeah, said Ron, looking extremely hopeful, yeah, a 
bit   



Fleur swooped down on him too and kissed him. 
Hermione looked simply furious, but just then, Ludo 
Bagmans magically magnified voice boomed out 
beside them, making them all jump, and causing the 
crowd in the stands to go very quiet. 

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our decision. 
Merchieftainess Murcus has told us exactly what 
happened at the bottom of the lake, and we have 
therefore decided to award marks out of fifty for each 
of the champions, as follows. ... 

Fleur Delacour, though she demonstrated excellent 
use of the BubbleHead Charm, was attacked by 
grindylows as she approached her goal, and failed to 
retrieve her hostage. We award her twentyfive 
points. 

Applause from the stands. 

I deserved zero, said Fleur throatily, shaking her 
magnificent head. 



  559 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Cedric Diggory, who also used the BubbleHead 
Charm, was first to return with his hostage, though 
he returned one minute outside the time limit of an 
hour. Enormous cheers from the Hufflepuffs in the 
crowd; Harry saw Cho give Cedric a glowing look. We 
therefore award him fortyseven points. 

Harrys heart sank. If Cedric had been outside the 
time limit, he most certainly had been. 

Viktor Krum used an incomplete form of 
Transfiguration, which was nevertheless effective, and 
was second to return with his hostage. We award him 
forty points. 

Karkaroff clapped particularly hard, looking very 
superior. 

Harry Potter used gillyweed to great effect, Bagman 
continued. He returned last, and well outside the 
time limit of an hour. However, the Merchieftainess 
informs us that Mr. Potter was first to reach the 
hostages, and that the delay in his return was due to 
his determination to return all hostages to safety, not 
merely his own. 

Ron and Hermione both gave Harry halfexasperated, 
halfcommiserating looks. 

Most of the judges, and here, Bagman gave 
Karkaroff a very nasty look, feel that this shows 
moral fiber and merits full marks. However ... Mr. 
Potters score is fortyfive points. 

Harrys stomach leapt  he was now tying for first 
place with Cedric. Ron and Hermione, caught by 
surprise, stared at Harry, then laughed and started 
applauding hard with the rest of the crowd. 



  560 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




There you go, Harry! Ron shouted over the noise. 
You werent being thick after all  you were showing 
moral fiber! 

Fleur was clapping very hard too, but Krum didnt 
look happy at all. He attempted to engage Hermione 
in conversation again, but she was too busy cheering 
Harry to listen. 

The third and final task will take place at dusk on 
the twentyfourth of June, continued Bagman. The 
champions will be notified of what is coming precisely 
one month beforehand. Thank you all for your 
support of the champions. 

It was over, Harry thought dazedly, as Madam 
Pomfrey began herding the champions and hostages 
back to the castle to get into dry clothes ... it was 
over, he had got through ... he didnt have to worry 
about anything now until June the twentyfourth. ... 

Next time he was in Hogsmeade, Harry decided as he 
walked back up the stone steps into the castle, he 
was going to buy Dobby a pair of socks for every day 
of the year. 



  561 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






PADFOOT RETURNS 

One of the best things about the aftermath of the 
second task was that everybody was very keen to hear 
details of what had happened down in the lake, which 
meant that Ron was getting to share Harrys limelight 
for once. Harry noticed that Rons version of events 
changed subtly with every retelling. At first, he gave 
what seemed to be the truth; it tallied with 
Hermiones story, anyway  Dumbledore had put all 
the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor 
McGonagalls office, first assuring them that they 
would be quite safe, and would awake when they were 
back above the water. One week later, however, Ron 
was telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he 
struggled singlehandedly against fifty heavily armed 
merpeople who had to beat him into submission 
before tying him up. 

But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve, he assured 
Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener on Ron 
now that he was getting so much attention and was 
making a point of talking to him every time they 



  562 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



passed in the corridors. I couldve taken those mer 
idiots any time I wanted. 

What were you going to do, snore at them? said 
Hermione waspishly. People had been teasing her so 
much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would 
most miss that she was in a rather tetchy mood. 

Rons ears went red, and thereafter, he reverted to the 
bewitched sleep version of events. 

As they entered March the weather became drier, but 
cruel winds skinned their hands and faces every time 
they went out onto the grounds. There were delays in 
the post because the owls kept being blown off 
course. The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius 
with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up 
at breakfast on Friday morning with half its feathers 
sticking up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner torn 
off Siriuss reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it 
was going to be sent outside again. 

Siriuss letter was almost as short as the previous 
one. 

Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past 
Dervish and Banges) at two oclock on Saturday 
afternoon. Bring as much food as you can. 

He hasnt come back to Hogsmeade? said Ron 
incredulously. 

It looks like it, doesnt it? said Hermione. 

I cant believe him, said Harry tensely, if hes 
caught ... 



  563 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Made it so far, though, hasnt he? said Ron. And 
its not like the place is swarming with dementors 
anymore. 

Harry folded up the letter, thinking. If he was honest 
with himself, he really wanted to see Sirius again. He 
therefore approached the final lesson of the afternoon 
 double Potions  feeling considerably more 
cheerful than he usually did when descending the 
steps to the dungeons. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in a huddle 
outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinsons 
gang of Slytherin girls. All of them were looking at 
something Harry couldnt see and sniggering heartily. 
Pansys puglike face peered excitedly around Goyle s 
broad back as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached. 

There they are, there they are! she giggled, and the 
knot of Slytherins broke apart. Harry saw that Pansy 
had a magazine in her hands  Witch Weekly. The 
moving picture on the front showed a curlyhaired 
witch who was smiling toothily and pointing at a large 
sponge cake with her wand. 

You might find something to interest you in there, 
Granger! Pansy said loudly, and she threw the 
magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking 
startled. At that moment, the dungeon door opened, 
and Snape beckoned them all inside. 

Hermione, Harry, and Ron headed for a table at the 
back of the dungeon as usual. Once Snape had 
turned his back on them to write up the ingredients 
of todays potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily 
rifled through the magazine under the desk. At last, 
in the center s, Hermione found what they were 
looking for. Harry and Ron leaned in closer. A color 
photograph of Harry headed a short piece entitled: 
  564 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry Potters Secret Heartache 



A boy like no other, perhaps  yet a boy suffering all 
the usual pangs of adolescence, writes Rita Skeeter. 
Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, 
fourteenyearold Harry Potter thought he had found 
solace in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle 
born Hermione Granger. Little did he know that he 
would shortly be suffering yet another emotional blow 
in a life already littered with personal loss. 

Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to 
have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alone 
cannot satisfy. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor 
Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World 
Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toying with 
both boys affections. Krum, who is openly smitten 
with the devious Miss Granger, has already invited 
her to visit him in Bulgaria over the summer holidays, 
and insists that he has never felt this way about any 
other girl. 

However, it might not be Miss Grangers doubtful 
natural charms that have captured these unfortunate 
boys interest. 

Shes really ugly, says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty 
and vivacious fourthyear student, but shed be well 
up to making a Love Potion, shes quite brainy. I 
think thats how shes doing it. 

Love Potions are, of course, banned at Hogwarts, and 
no doubt Albus Dumbledore will want to investigate 
these claims. In the meantime, Harry Potters well 
wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his 
heart on a worthier candidate. 

I told you! Ron hissed at Hermione as she stared 
down at the article. I told you not to annoy Rita 

  565 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Skeeter! Shes made you out to be some sort of  of 
scarlet woman! 

Hermione stopped looking astonished and snorted 
with laughter.  Scarlet woman? she repeated, 
shaking with suppressed giggles as she looked 
around at Ron. 

Its what my mum calls them, Ron muttered, his 
ears going red. 

If thats the best Rita can do, shes losing her touch, 
said Hermione, still giggling, as she threw Witch 
Weekly onto the empty chair beside her. What a pile 
of old rubbish. 

She looked over at the Slytherins, who were all 
watching her and Harry closely across the room to see 
if they had been upset by the article. Hermione gave 
them a sarcastic smile and a wave, and she, Harry, 
and Ron started unpacking the ingredients they 
would need for their WitSharpening Potion. 

Theres something funny, though, said Hermione 
ten minutes later, holding her pestle suspended over 
a bowl of scarab beetles. How could Rita Skeeter 
have known ... ? 

Known what? said Ron quickly. You havent been 
mixing up Love Potions, have you? 

Dont be stupid, Hermione snapped, starting to 
pound up her beetles again. No, its just ... how did 
she know Viktor asked me to visit him over the 
summer? 

Hermione blushed scarlet as she said this and 
determinedly avoided Rons eyes. 



  566 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What? said Ron, dropping his pestle with a loud 
clunk. 



He asked me right after hed pulled me out of the 
lake, Hermione muttered. After hed got rid of his 
sharks head. Madam Pomfrey gave us both blankets 
and then he sort of pulled me away from the judges 
so they wouldnt hear, and he said, if I wasnt doing 
anything over the summer, would I like to   

And what did you say? said Ron, who had picked up 
his pestle and was grinding it on the desk, a good six 
inches from his bowl, because he was looking at 
Hermione. 

And he did say hed never felt the same way about 
anyone else, Hermione went on, going so red now 
that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from 
her, but how could Rita Skeeter have heard him? 

She wasnt there ... or was she? Maybe she has got an 
Invisibility Cloak; maybe she sneaked onto the 
grounds to watch the second task. ... 

And what did you say? Ron repeated, pounding his 
pestle down so hard that it dented the desk. 

Well, I was too busy seeing whether you and Harry 
were okay to   

Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is, 
Miss Granger, said an icy voice right behind them, 
and all three of them jumped, I must ask you not to 
discuss it in my class. Ten points from Gryffindor. 

Snape had glided over to their desk while they were 
talking. The whole class was now looking around at 
them; Malfoy took the opportunity to flash POTTER 
STINKS across the dungeon at Harry. 



  567 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ah . . . reading magazines under the table as well? 
Snape added, snatching up the copy of Witch Weekly. 
A further ten points from Gryffindor ... oh but of 
course ... Snapes black eyes glittered as they fell on 
Rita Skeeters article. Potter has to keep up with his 
press cuttings. ... 

The dungeon rang with the Slytherins laughter, and 
an unpleasant smile curled Snapes thin mouth. To 
Harrys fury, he began to read the article aloud. 

 Harry Potters Secret Heartache . . . dear, dear, 

Potter, whats ailing you now? A boy like no other, 
perhaps ...  

Harry could feel his face burning. Snape was pausing 
at the end of every sentence to allow the Slytherins a 
hearty laugh. The article sounded ten times worse 
when read by Snape. Even Hermione was blushing 
scarlet now. 

 . . . Harry Potters wellwishers must hope that, next 
time, he bestows his heart upon a worthier candidate. 
How very touching, sneered Snape, rolling up the 
magazine to continued gales of laughter from the 
Slytherins. Well, I think I had better separate the 
three of you, so you can keep your minds on your 
potions rather than on your tangled love lives. 
Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, 
beside Miss Parkinson. Potter  that table in front of 
my desk. Move. Now. 

Furious, Harry threw his ingredients and his bag into 
his cauldron and dragged it up to the front of the 
dungeon to the empty table. Snape followed, sat down 
at his desk and watched Harry unload his cauldron. 
Determined not to look at Snape, Harry resumed the 
mashing of his scarab beetles, imagining each one to 
have Snapes face. 

  568 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




All this press attention seems to have inflated your 
already overlarge head, Potter, said Snape quietly, 
once the rest of the class had settled down again. 

Harry didnt answer. He knew Snape was trying to 
provoke him; he had done this before. No doubt he 
was hoping for an excuse to take a round fifty points 
from Gryffindor before the end of the class. 

You might be laboring under the delusion that the 
entire wizarding world is impressed with you, Snape 
went on, so quietly that no one else could hear him 
(Harry continued to pound his scarab beetles, even 
though he had already reduced them to a very fine 
powder), but I dont care how many times your 
picture appears in the papers. To me, Potter, you are 
nothing but a nasty little boy who considers rules to 
be beneath him. 

Harry tipped the powdered beetles into his cauldron 
and started cutting up his ginger roots. His hands 
were shaking slightly out of anger, but he kept his 
eyes down, as though he couldnt hear what Snape 
was saying to him. 

So I give you fair warning, Potter, Snape continued 
in a softer and more dangerous voice, pintsized 
celebrity or not  if I catch you breaking into my 
office one more time   

I havent been anywhere near your office! said Harry 
angrily, forgetting his feigned deafness. 

Dont lie to me, Snape hissed, his fathomless black 
eyes boring into Harrys. Boomslang skin. Gillyweed. 
Both come from my private stores, and I know who 
stole them. 



  569 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry stared back at Snape, determined not to blink 
or to look guilty. In truth, he hadnt stolen either of 
these things from Snape. Hermione had taken the 
boomslang skin back in their second year  they had 
needed it for the Polyjuice Potion  and while Snape 
had suspected Harry at the time, he had never been 
able to prove it. Dobby, of course, had stolen the 
gillyweed. 

I dont know what youre talking about, Harry lied 
coldly. 

You were out of bed on the night my office was 
broken into! Snape hissed. I know it, Potter! Now, 
MadEye Moody might have joined your fan club, but 
I will not tolerate your behavior! One more nighttime 
stroll into my office, Potter, and you will pay! 

Right, said Harry coolly, turning back to his ginger 
roots. Ill bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go 
in there. 

Snapes eyes flashed. He plunged a hand into the 
inside of his black robes. For one wild moment, Harry 
thought Snape was about to pull out his wand and 
curse him  then he saw that Snape had drawn out a 
small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion. Harry 
stared at it. 

Do you know what this is, Potter? Snape said, his 
eyes glittering dangerously again. 

No, said Harry, with complete honesty this time. 

It is Veritaserum  a Truth Potion so powerful that 
three drops would have you spilling your innermost 
secrets for this entire class to hear, said Snape 
viciously. Now, the use of this potion is controlled by 
very strict Ministry guidelines. But unless you watch 
  570 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




your step, you might just find that my hand slips  
he shook the crystal bottle slightly  right over your 
evening pumpkin juice. And then, Potter ... then well 
find out whether youve been in my office or not. 

Harry said nothing. He turned back to his ginger 
roots once more, picked up his knife, and started 
slicing them again. He didnt like the sound of that 
Truth Potion at all, nor would he put it past Snape to 
slip him some. He repressed a shudder at the thought 
of what might come spilling out of his mouth if Snape 
did it . . . quite apart from landing a whole lot of people 
in trouble  Hermione and Dobby for a start  there 
were all the other things he was concealing . . . like the 
fact that he was in contact with Sirius . . . and  his 
insides squirmed at the thought  how he felt about 
Cho. ... He tipped his ginger roots into the cauldron 
too, and wondered whether he ought to take a leaf out 
of Moodys book and start drinking only from a 
private hip flask. 

There was a knock on the dungeon door. 

Enter, said Snape in his usual voice. 

The class looked around as the door opened. 

Professor Karkaroff came in. Everyone watched him 
as he walked up toward Snape s desk. He was 
twisting his finger around his goatee and looking 
agitated. 

We need to talk, said Karkaroff abruptly when he 
had reached Snape. He seemed so determined that 
nobody should hear what he was saying that he was 
barely opening his lips; it was as though he were a 
rather poor ventriloquist. Harry kept his eyes on his 
ginger roots, listening hard. 



  571 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ill talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff, Snape 
muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted him. 

I want to talk now, while you cant slip off, Severus. 
Youve been avoiding me. 

After the lesson, Snape snapped. 

Under the pretext of holding up a measuring cup to 
see if hed poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry 
sneaked a sidelong glance at the pair of them. 
Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked 
angry. 

Karkaroff hovered behind Snape s desk for the rest of 
the double period. He seemed intent on preventing 
Snape from slipping away at the end of class. Keen to 
hear what Karkaroff wanted to say, Harry deliberately 
knocked over his bottle of armadillo bile with two 
minutes to go to the bell, which gave him an excuse 
to duck down behind his cauldron and mop up while 
the rest of the class moved noisily toward the door. 

Whats so urgent? he heard Snape hiss at Karkaroff. 

This, said Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the 
edge of his cauldron, saw Karkaroff pull up the left 
hand sleeve of his robe and show Snape something on 
his inner forearm. 

Well? said Karkaroff, still making every effort not to 
move his lips. Do you see? Its never been this clear, 
never since   

Put it away! snarled Snape, his black eyes sweeping 
the classroom. 

But you must have noticed   Karkaroff began in an 
agitated voice. 

  572 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




We can talk later, Karkaroff! spat Snape. Potter! 
What are you doing? 

Clearing up my armadillo bile, Professor, said Harry 
innocently, straightening up and showing Snape the 
sodden rag he was holding. 

Karkaroff turned on his heel and strode out of the 
dungeon. He looked both worried and angry. Not 
wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry 
Snape, Harry threw his books and ingredients back 
into his bag and left at top speed to tell Ron and 
Hermione what he had just witnessed. 

They left the castle at noon the next day to find a 
weak silver sun shining down upon the grounds. The 
weather was milder than it had been all year, and by 
the time they arrived in Hogsmeade, all three of them 
had taken off their cloaks and thrown them over their 
shoulders. The food Sirius had told them to bring was 
in Harrys bag; they had sneaked a dozen chicken 
legs, a loaf of bread, and a flask of pumpkin juice 
from the lunch table. 

They went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present 
for Dobby, where they had fun selecting the most 
lurid socks they could find, including a pair patterned 
with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that 
screamed loudly when they became too smelly. Then, 
at half past one, they made their way up the High 
Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out toward the 
edge of the village. 

Harry had never been in this direction before. The 
winding lane was leading them out into the wild 
countryside around Hogsmeade. The cottages were 
fewer here, and their gardens larger; they were 
walking toward the foot of the mountain in whose 
shadow Hogsmeade lay. Then they turned a corner 
  573 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




and saw a stile at the end of the lane. Waiting for 
them, its front paws on the topmost bar, was a very 
large, shaggy black dog, which was carrying some 
newspapers in its mouth and looking very familiar. . . . 

Hello, Sirius, said Harry when they had reached 
him. 

The black dog sniffed Harrys bag eagerly, wagged its 
tail once, then turned and began to trot away from 
them across the scrubby patch of ground that rose to 
meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione climbed over the stile and followed. 

Sirius led them to the very foot of the mountain, 
where the ground was covered with boulders and 
rocks. It was easy for him, with his four paws, but 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were soon out of breath. 
They followed Sirius higher, up onto the mountain 
itself. For nearly half an hour they climbed a steep, 
winding, and stony path, following Siriuss wagging 
tail, sweating in the sun, the shoulder straps of 
Harrys bag cutting into his shoulders. 

Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when 
they reached the place where he had vanished, they 
saw a narrow fissure in the rock. They squeezed into 
it and found themselves in a cool, dimly lit cave. 
Tethered at the end of it, one end of his rope around a 
large rock, was Buckbeak the hippogriff. Half gray 
horse, half giant eagle, Buckbeaks fierce orange eye 
flashed at the sight of them. All three of them bowed 
low to him, and after regarding them imperiously for a 
moment, Buckbeak bent his scaly front knees and 
allowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke his 
feathery neck. Harry, however, was looking at the 
black dog, which had just turned into his godfather. 



  574 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Sirius was wearing ragged gray robes; the same ones 
he had been wearing when he had left Azkaban. His 
black hair was longer than it had been when he had 
appeared in the fire, and it was untidy and matted 
once more. He looked very thin. 

Chicken! he said hoarsely after removing the old 
Daily Prophets from his mouth and throwing them 
down onto the cave floor. 

Harry pulled open his bag and handed over the 
bundle of chicken legs and bread. 

Thanks, said Sirius, opening it, grabbing a 
drumstick, sitting down on the cave floor, and tearing 
off a large chunk with his teeth. Ive been living off 
rats mostly. Cant steal too much food from 
Hogsmeade; Id draw attention to myself. 

He grinned up at Harry, but Harry returned the grin 
only reluctantly. 

Whatre you doing here, Sirius? he said. 

Fulfilling my duty as godfather, said Sirius, gnawing 
on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. Dont 
worry about it, Im pretending to be a lovable stray. 

He was still grinning, but seeing the anxiety in 
Harrys face, said more seriously, I want to be on the 
spot. Your last letter ... well, lets just say things are 
getting fishier. Ive been stealing the paper every time 
someone throws one out, and by the looks of things, 
Im not the only one whos getting worried. 

He nodded at the yellowing Daily Prophets on the cave 
floor, and Ron picked them up and unfolded them. 
Harry, however, continued to stare at Sirius. 



  575 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What if they catch you? What if youre seen? 

You three and Dumbledore are the only ones around 
here who know Im an Animagus, said Sirius, 
shrugging, and continuing to devour the chicken leg. 

Ron nudged Harry and passed him the Daily 
Prophets. There were two: The first bore the headline 
Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch, the second, 
Ministry Witch Still Missing  Minister of Magic Now 
Personally Involved. 

Harry scanned the story about Crouch. Phrases 
jumped out at him: hasnt been seen in public since 
November ... house appears deserted ... St. Mungos 
Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries decline 
comment . . . Ministry refuses to confirm rumors of 
critical illness. . . . 

Theyre making it sound like hes dying, said Harry 
slowly. But he cant be that ill if he managed to get 
up here. ... 

My brothers Crouchs personal assistant, Ron 
informed Sirius. He says Crouch is suffering from 
overwork. 

Mind you, he did look ill, last time I saw him up 
close, said Harry slowly, still reading the story. The 
night my name came out of the goblet. ... 

Getting his comeuppance for sacking Winky, isnt 
he? said Hermione, an edge to her voice. She was 
stroking Buckbeak, who was crunching up Siriuss 
chicken bones. I bet he wishes he hadnt done it now 
 bet he feels the difference now shes not there to 
look after him. 



  576 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermiones obsessed with houseelfs, Ron muttered 
to Sirius, casting Hermione a dark look. Sirius, 
however, looked interested. 

Crouch sacked his houseelf? 

Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup, said Harry, and 
he launched into the story of the Dark Marks 
appearance, and Winky being found with Harrys 
wand clutched in her hand, and Mr. Crouchs fury. 
When Harry had finished, Sirius was on his feet again 
and had started pacing up and down the cave. 

Let me get this straight, he said after a while, 
brandishing a fresh chicken leg. You first saw the elf 
in the Top Box. She was saving Crouch a seat, right? 

Right, said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together. 

But Crouch didnt turn up for the match? 

No, said Harry. I think he said hed been too busy. 

Sirius paced all around the cave in silence. Then he 
said, Harry, did you check your pockets for your 
wand after youd left the Top Box? 

Erm ... Harry thought hard. No, he said finally. I 
didnt need to use it before we got in the forest. And 
then I put my hand in my pocket, and all that was in 
there were my Omnioculars. He stared at Sirius. Are 
you saying whoever conjured the Mark stole my wand 
in the Top Box? 

Its possible, said Sirius. 

Winky didnt steal that wand! Hermione insisted. 



  577 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The elf wasnt the only one in that box, said Sirius, 
his brow furrowed as he continued to pace. Who else 
was sitting behind you? 

Loads of people, said Harry. Some Bulgarian 
ministers ... Cornelius Fudge ... the Malfoys ... 

The Malfoys! said Ron suddenly, so loudly that his 
voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak 
tossed his head nervously. I bet it was Lucius 
Malfoy! 

Anyone else? said Sirius. 

No one, said Harry. 

Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman, Hermione 
reminded him. 

Oh yeah ... 

I dont know anything about Bagman except that he 
used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps, said 
Sirius, still pacing. Whats he like? 

Hes okay, said Harry. He keeps offering to help me 
with the Triwizard Tournament. 

Does he, now? said Sirius, frowning more deeply. I 
wonder why hed do that? 

Says hes taken a liking to me, said Harry. 

Hmm, said Sirius, looking thoughtful. 

We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark 
appeared, Hermione told Sirius. Remember? she 
said to Harry and Ron. 



  578 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yeah, but he didnt stay in the forest, did he? said 
Ron. The moment we told him about the riot, he 
went off to the campsite. 

How dyou know? Hermione shot back. How dyou 
know where he Disapparated to? 

Come off it, said Ron incredulously. Are you saying 
you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark? 

Its more likely he did it than Winky, said Hermione 
stubbornly. 

Told you, said Ron, looking meaningfully at Sirius, 
told you shes obsessed with house   

But Sirius held up a hand to silence Ron. 

When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf 
had been discovered holding Harrys wand, what did 
Crouch do? 

Went to look in the bushes, said Harry, but there 
wasnt anyone else there. 

Of course, Sirius muttered, pacing up and down, of 
course, hed want to pin it on anyone but his own elf 
. . . and then he sacked her? 

Yes, said Hermione in a heated voice, he sacked 
her, just because she hadnt stayed in her tent and let 
herself get trampled   

Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf! said 
Ron. 

Sirius shook his head and said, Shes got the 
measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you 



  579 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




want to know what a mans like, take a good look at 
how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. 

He ran a hand over his unshaven face, evidently 
thinking hard. 

All these absences of Barty Crouchs ... he goes to 
the trouble of making sure his houseelf saves him a 
seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesnt bother 
to turn up and watch. He works very hard to reinstate 
the Triwizard Tournament, and then stops coming to 
that too. ... Its not like Crouch. If hes ever taken a 
day off work because of illness before this, Ill eat 
Buckbeak. 

Dyou know Crouch, then? said Harry. 

Siriuss face darkened. He suddenly looked as 
menacing as he had the night when Harry first met 
him, the night when Harry still believed Sirius to be a 
murderer. 

Oh I know Crouch all right, he said quietly. He was 
the one who gave the order for me to be sent to 
Azkaban  without a trial. 

What? said Ron and Hermione together. 

Youre kidding! said Harry. 

No, Im not, said Sirius, taking another great bite of 
chicken. Crouch used to be Head of the Department 
of Magical Law Enforcement, didnt you know? 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione shook their heads. 

He was tipped for the next Minister of Magic, said 
Sirius. Hes a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully 
magical  and powerhungry. Oh never a Voldemort 

  580 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




supporter, he said, reading the look on Harrys face. 
No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against 
the Dark Side. But then a lot of people who were 
against the Dark Side ... well, you wouldnt 
understand ... youre too young. ... 

Thats what my dad said at the World Cup, said 
Ron, with a trace of irritation in his voice. Try us, 
why dont you? 

A grin flashed across Siriuss thin face. 

All right, Ill try you. ... He walked once up the cave, 
back again, and then said, Imagine that Voldemorts 
powerful now. You dont know who his supporters 
are, you dont know whos working for him and who 
isnt; you know he can control people so that they do 
terrible things without being able to stop themselves. 
Youre scared for yourself, and your family, and your 
friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, 
more disappearances, more torturing ... the Ministry 
of Magics in disarray, they dont know what to do, 
theyre trying to keep everything hidden from the 
Muggles, but meanwhile, Muggles are dying too. 

Terror everywhere ... panic ... confusion ... thats how 
it used to be. 

Well, times like that bring out the best in some 
people and the worst in others. Crouchs principles 
mightve been good in the beginning  I wouldnt 
know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he 
started ordering very harsh measures against 
Voldemorts supporters. The Aurors were given new 
powers  powers to kill rather than capture, for 
instance. And I wasnt the only one who was handed 
straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch fought 
violence with violence, and authorized the use of the 
Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he 
became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark 
  581 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Side. He had his supporters, mind you  plenty of 
people thought he was going about things the right 
way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards 
clamoring for him to take over as Minister of Magic. 
When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a 
matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then 
something rather unfortunate happened. ... Sirius 
smiled grimly. Crouchs own son was caught with a 
group of Death Eaters whod managed to talk their 
way out of Azkaban. Apparently they were trying to 
find Voldemort and return him to power. 

Crouchs son was caught? gasped Hermione. 

Yep, said Sirius, throwing his chicken bone to 
Buckbeak, flinging himself back down on the ground 
beside the loaf of bread, and tearing it in half. Nasty 
little shock for old Barty, Id imagine. Should have 
spent a bit more time at home with his family, 
shouldnt he? Ought to have left the office early once 
in a while ... gotten to know his own son. 

He began to wolf down large pieces of bread. 

 Was his son a Death Eater? said Harry. 

No idea, said Sirius, still stuffing down bread. I was 
in Azkaban myself when he was brought in. This is 
mostly stuff Ive found out since I got out. The boy 
was definitely caught in the company of people Id bet 
my life were Death Eaters  but he might have been 
in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the 
houseelf. 

Did Crouch try and get his son off? Hermione 
whispered. 

Sirius let out a laugh that was much more like a 
bark. 

  582 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Crouch let his son off? I thought you had the 
measure of him, Hermione! Anything that threatened 
to tarnish his reputation had to go; he had dedicated 
his whole life to becoming Minister of Magic. You saw 
him dismiss a devoted houseelf because she 
associated him with the Dark Mark again  doesnt 
that tell you what hes like? Crouchs fatherly 
affection stretched just far enough to give his son a 
trial, and by all accounts, it wasnt much more than 
an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hated the 
boy ... then he sent him straight to Azkaban. 

He gave his own son to the dementors? asked Harry 
quietly. 

Thats right, said Sirius, and he didnt look remotely 
amused now. I saw the dementors bringing him in, 
watched them through the bars in my cell door. He 
cant have been more than nineteen. They took him 
into a cell near mine. He was screaming for his 
mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few days, 
though . . . they all went quiet in the end . . . except 
when they shrieked in their sleep. ... 

For a moment, the deadened look in Siriuss eyes 
became more pronounced than ever, as though 
shutters had closed behind them. 

So hes still in Azkaban? Harry said. 

No, said Sirius dully. No, hes not in there anymore. 
He died about a year after they brought him in. 

He died? 

He wasnt the only one, said Sirius bitterly. Most go 
mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. They 
lose the will to live. You could always tell when a 
death was coming, because the dementors could 

  583 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




sense it, they got excited. That boy looked pretty 
sickly when he arrived. Crouch being an important 
Ministry member, he and his wife were allowed a 
deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty 
Crouch, half carrying his wife past my cell. She died 
herself, apparently, shortly afterward. Grief. Wasted 
away just like the boy. Crouch never came for his 
sons body. The dementors buried him outside the 
fortress; I watched them do it. 

Sirius threw aside the bread he had just lifted to his 
mouth and instead picked up the flask of pumpkin 
juice and drained it. 

So old Crouch lost it all, just when he thought he 
had it made, he continued, wiping his mouth with 
the back of his hand. One moment, a hero, poised to 
become Minister of Magic . . . next, his son dead, his 
wife dead, the family name dishonored, and, so Ive 
heard since I escaped, a big drop in popularity. Once 
the boy had died, people started feeling a bit more 
sympathetic toward the son and started asking how a 
nice young lad from a good family had gone so badly 
astray. The conclusion was that his father never 
cared much for him. So Cornelius Fudge got the top 
job, and Crouch was shunted sideways into the 
Department of International Magical Cooperation. 

There was a long silence. Harry was thinking of the 
way Crouchs eyes had bulged as hed looked down at 
his disobedient houseelf back in the wood at the 
Quidditch World Cup. This, then, must have been 
why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found 
beneath the Dark Mark. It had brought back 
memories of his son, and the old scandal, and his fall 
from grace at the Ministry. 

Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark 
wizards, Harry told Sirius. 

  584 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yeah, Ive heard its become a bit of a mania with 
him, said Sirius, nodding. If you ask me, he still 
thinks he can bring back the old popularity by 
catching one more Death Eater. 

And he sneaked up here to search Snapes office! 
said Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione. 

Yes, and that doesnt make sense at all, said Sirius. 

Yeah, it does! said Ron excitedly, but Sirius shook 
his head. 

Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why 
hasnt he been coming to judge the tournament? It 
would be an ideal excuse to make regular visits to 
Hogwarts and keep an eye on him. 

So you think Snape could be up to something, then? 
asked Harry, but Hermione broke in. 

Look, I dont care what you say, Dumbledore trusts 
Snape   

Oh give it a rest, Hermione, said Ron impatiently. I 
know Dumbledore s brilliant and everything, but that 
doesnt mean a really clever Dark wizard couldnt fool 
him   



Why did Snape save Harrys life in the first year, 
then? Why didnt he just let him die? 

I dunno  maybe he thought Dumbledore would 
kick him out   

What dyou think, Sirius? Harry said loudly, and 
Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen. 



  585 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I think theyve both got a point, said Sirius, looking 
thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. Ever since I 
found out Snape was teaching here, Ive wondered 
why Dumbledore hired him. Snape s always been 
fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at 
school. Slimy, oily, greasyhaired kid, he was, Sirius 
added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. 
Snape knew more curses when he arrived at school 
than half the kids in seventh year, and he was part of 
a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be 
Death Eaters. 

Sirius held up his fingers and began ticking off 
names. 

Rosier and Wilkes  they were both killed by Aurors 
the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges  
theyre a married couple  theyre in Azkaban. Avery 

 from what Ive heard he wormed his way out of 
trouble by saying hed been acting under the Imperius 
Curse  hes still at large. But as far as I know, 

Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater 

 not that that means much. Plenty of them were 
never caught. And Snape s certainly clever and 
cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble. 

Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to 
keep that quiet, said Ron. 

Yeah, you shouldve seen Snapes face when 
Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday! said Harry 
quickly. Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, he says 
Snapes been avoiding him. Karkaroff looked really 
worried. He showed Snape something on his arm, but 
I couldnt see what it was. 

He showed Snape something on his arm? said 
Sirius, looking frankly bewildered. He ran his fingers 
distractedly through his filthy hair, then shrugged 

  586 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




again. Well, Ive no idea what thats about ... but if 
Karkaroffs genuinely worried, and hes going to 
Snape for answers ... 

Sirius stared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of 
frustration. 

Theres still the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, 
and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other 
people wouldnt, but I just cant see him letting Snape 
teach at Hogwarts if hed ever worked for Voldemort. 

Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into 
Snape s office then? said Ron stubbornly. 

Well, said Sirius slowly, I wouldnt put it past Mad 
Eye to have searched every single teachers office 
when he got to Hogwarts. He takes his Defense 
Against the Dark Arts seriously, Moody. Im not sure 
he trusts anyone at all, and after the things hes seen, 
its not surprising. Ill say this for Moody, though, he 
never killed if he could help it. Always brought people 
in alive where possible. He was tough, but he never 
descended to the level of the Death Eaters. Crouch, 
though ... hes a different matter ... is he really ill? If 
he is, why did he make the effort to drag himself up to 
Snape s office? And if hes not ... whats he up to? 
What was he doing at the World Cup that was so 
important he didnt turn up in the Top Box? Whats 
he been doing while he should have been judging the 
tournament? 

Sirius lapsed into silence, still staring at the cave 
wall. Buckbeak was ferreting around on the rocky 
floor, looking for bones he might have overlooked. 
Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron. 



  587 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You say your brothers Crouchs personal assistant? 
Any chance you could ask him if hes seen Crouch 
lately? 

I can try, said Ron doubtfully. Better not make it 
sound like I reckon Crouch is up to anything dodgy, 
though. Percy loves Crouch. 

And you might try and find out whether theyve got 
any leads on Bertha Jorkins while youre at it, said 
Sirius, gesturing to the second copy of the Daily 
Prophet. 

Bagman told me they hadnt, said Harry. 

Yes, hes quoted in the article in there, said Sirius, 
nodding at the paper. Blustering on about how bad 
Berthas memory is. Well, maybe shes changed since 
I knew her, but the Bertha I knew wasnt forgetful at 
all  quite the reverse. She was a bit dim, but she 
had an excellent memory for gossip. It used to get her 
into a lot of trouble; she never knew when to keep her 
mouth shut. I can see her being a bit of a liability at 
the Ministry of Magic ... maybe thats why Bagman 
didnt bother to look for her for so long. ... 

Sirius heaved an enormous sigh and rubbed his 
shadowed eyes. 

Whats the time? 

Harry checked his watch, then remembered it hadnt 
been working since it had spent over an hour in the 
lake. 

Its half past three, said Hermione. 

Youd better get back to school, Sirius said, getting 
to his feet. Now listen ... He looked particularly hard 

  588 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




at Harry. I dont want you lot sneaking out of school 
to see me, all right? Just send notes to me here. I still 
want to hear about anything odd. But youre not to go 
leaving Hogwarts without permission; it would be an 
ideal opportunity for someone to attack you. 

No ones tried to attack me so far, except a dragon 
and a couple of grindylows, Harry said, but Sirius 
scowled at him. 

I dont care ... Ill breathe freely again when this 
tournaments over, and thats not until June. And 
dont forget, if youre talking about me among 
yourselves, call me Snuffles, okay? 

He handed Harry the empty napkin and flask and 
went to pat Buckbeak goodbye. Ill walk to the edge 
of the village with you, said Sirius, see if I can 
scrounge another paper. 

He transformed into the great black dog before they 
left the cave, and they walked back down the 
mountainside with him, across the boulderstrewn 
ground, and back to the stile. Here he allowed each of 
them to pat him on the head, before turning and 
setting off at a run around the outskirts of the village. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione made their way back into 
Hogsmeade and up toward Hogwarts. 

Wonder if Percy knows all that stuff about Crouch? 
Ron said as they walked up the drive to the castle. 
But maybe he doesnt care ... itd probably just make 
him admire Crouch even more. Yeah, Percy loves 
rules. Hed just say Crouch was refusing to break 
them for his own son. 

Percy would never throw any of his family to the 
dementors, said Hermione severely. 



  589 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I dont know, said Ron. If he thought we were 
standing in the way of his career . . . Percys really 
ambitious, you know. ... 

They walked up the stone steps into the entrance 
hall, where the delicious smells of dinner wafted 
toward them from the Great Hall. 

Poor old Snuffles, said Ron, breathing deeply. He 
must really like you, Harry. ... Imagine having to live 
off rats. 



  590 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE MADNESS OF MR. CROUCH 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery 
after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy, 
asking, as Sirius had suggested, whether he had seen 
Mr. Crouch lately. They used Hedwig, because it had 
been so long since shed had a job. When they had 
watched her fly out of sight through the Owlery 
window, they proceeded down to the kitchen to give 
Dobby his new socks. 

The houseelves gave them a very cheery welcome, 
bowing and curtsying and bustling around making 
tea again. Dobby was ecstatic about his present. 

Harry Potter is too good to Dobby! he squeaked, 
wiping large tears out of his enormous eyes. 

You saved my life with that gillyweed, Dobby, you 
really did, said Harry. 

No chance of more of those eclairs, is there? said 
Ron, who was looking around at the beaming and 
bowing houseelves. 

  591 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Youve just had breakfast! said Hermione irritably, 
but a great silver platter of eclairs was already 
zooming toward them, supported by four elves. 

We should get some stuff to send up to Snuffles, 
Harry muttered. 

Good idea, said Ron. Give Pig something to do. You 
couldnt give us a bit of extra food, could you? he 
said to the surrounding elves, and they bowed 
delightedly and hurried off to get some more. 

Dobby, wheres Winky? said Hermione, who was 
looking around. 

Winky is over there by the fire, miss, said Dobby 
quietly, his ears drooping slightly. 

Oh dear, said Hermione as she spotted Winky. 

Harry looked over at the fireplace too. Winky was 
sitting on the same stool as last time, but she had 
allowed herself to become so filthy that she was not 
immediately distinguishable from the smoke 
blackened brick behind her. Her clothes were ragged 
and unwashed. She was clutching a bottle of 
butterbeer and swaying slightly on her stool, staring 
into the fire. As they watched her, she gave an 
enormous hiccup. 

Winky is getting through six bottles a day now, 
Dobby whispered to Harry. 

Well, its not strong, that stuff, Harry said. 

But Dobby shook his head.  Tis strong for a house 
elf, sir, he said. 



  592 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Winky hiccuped again. The elves who had brought the 
eclairs gave her disapproving looks as they returned 
to work. 

Winky is pining, Harry Potter, Dobby whispered 
sadly. Winky wants to go home. Winky still thinks 
Mr. Crouch is her master, sir, and nothing Dobby 
says will persuade her that Professor Dumbledore is 
her master now. 

Hey, Winky, said Harry, struck by a sudden 
inspiration, walking over to her, and bending down, 
you dont know what Mr. Crouch might be up to, do 
you? Because hes stopped turning up to judge the 
Triwizard Tournament. 

Winkys eyes flickered. Her enormous pupils focused 
on Harry. She swayed slightly again and then said, M 
 Master is stopped  hie  coming? 

Yeah, said Harry, we havent seen him since the 
first task. The Daily Prophets saying hes ill. 

Winky swayed some more, staring blurrily at Harry. 

Master  hie  ill? 

Her bottom lip began to tremble. 

But were not sure if thats true, said Hermione 
quickly. 

Master is needing his  hie  Winky! whimpered 
the elf. Master cannot  hie  manage  hie  all 
by himself. ... 

Other people manage to do their own housework, 
you know, Winky, Hermione said severely. 



  593 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Winky  hie  is not only  hie  doing housework 
for Mr. Crouch! Winky squeaked indignantly, 
swaying worse than ever and slopping butterbeer 
down her already heavily stained blouse. Master is  
hie  trusting Winky with  hie  the most 
important  hie  the most secret   

What? said Harry. 

But Winky shook her head very hard, spilling more 
butterbeer down herself. 

Winky keeps  hie  her masters secrets, she said 
mutinously, swaying very heavily now, frowning up at 
Harry with her eyes crossed. You is  hie  nosing, 
you is. 

Winky must not talk like that to Harry Potter! said 
Dobby angrily. Harry Potter is brave and noble and 
Harry Potter is not nosy! 

He is nosing  hie  into my masters  hie  
private and secret  hie  Winky is a good houseelf 
 hie  Winky keeps her silence  hie  people 
trying to  hie  pry and poke  hie   

Winkys eyelids drooped and suddenly, without 
warning, she slid off her stool into the hearth, snoring 
loudly. The empty bottle of butterbeer rolled away 
across the stoneflagged floor. Half a dozen house 
elves came hurrying forward, looking disgusted. One 
of them picked up the bottle; the others covered 
Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tucked the 
ends in neatly, hiding her from view. 

We is sorry you had to see that, sirs and miss! 
squeaked a nearby elf, shaking his head and looking 
very ashamed. We is hoping you will not judge us all 
by Winky, sirs and miss! 

  594 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Shes unhappy! said Hermione, exasperated. Why 
dont you try and cheer her up instead of covering her 
up? 

Begging your pardon, miss, said the houseelf, 
bowing deeply again, but houseelves has no right to 
be unhappy when there is work to be done and 
masters to be served. 

Oh for heavens sake! Hermione cried. Listen to me, 
all of you! Youve got just as much right as wizards to 
be unhappy! Youve got the right to wages and 
holidays and proper clothes, you dont have to do 
everything youre told  look at Dobby! 

Miss will please keep Dobby out of this, Dobby 
mumbled, looking scared. The cheery smiles had 
vanished from the faces of the houseelves around the 
kitchen. They were suddenly looking at Hermione as 
though she were mad and dangerous. 

We has your extra food! squeaked an elf at Harrys 
elbow, and he shoved a large ham, a dozen cakes, and 
some fruit into Harrys arms. Goodbye! 

The houseelves crowded around Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione and began shunting them out of the 
kitchen, many little hands pushing in the smalls of 
their backs. 

Thank you for the socks, Harry Potter! Dobby called 
miserably from the hearth, where he was standing 
next to the lumpy tablecloth that was Winky. 

You couldnt keep your mouth shut, could you, 
Hermione? said Ron angrily as the kitchen door 
slammed shut behind them. They wont want us 
visiting them now! We couldve tried to get more stuff 
out of Winky about Crouch! 

  595 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh as if you care about that! scoffed Hermione. You 
only like coming down here for the food! 

It was an irritable sort of day after that. Harry got so 
tired of Ron and Hermione sniping at each other over 
their homework in the common room that he took 
Siriuss food up to the Owlery that evening on his 
own. 

Pigwidgeon was much too small to carry an entire 
ham up to the mountain by himself, so Harry enlisted 
the help of two school screech owls as well. When 
they had set off into the dusk, looking extremely odd 
carrying the large package between them, Harry 
leaned on the windowsill, looking out at the grounds, 
at the dark, rustling treetops of the Forbidden Forest, 
and the rippling sails of the Durmstrang ship. An 
eagle owl flew through the coil of smoke rising from 
Hagrids chimney; it soared toward the castle, around 
the Owlery, and out of sight. Looking down, Harry 
saw Hagrid digging energetically in front of his cabin. 
Harry wondered what he was doing; it looked as 
though he were making a new vegetable patch. As he 
watched, Madame Maxime emerged from the 
Beauxbatons carriage and walked over to Hagrid. She 
appeared to be trying to engage him in conversation. 
Hagrid leaned upon his spade, but did not seem keen 
to prolong their talk, because Madame Maxime 
returned to the carriage shortly afterward. 

Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to 
Ron and Hermione snarling at each other, Harry 
watched Hagrid digging until the darkness swallowed 
him and the owls around Harry began to awake, 
swooshing past him into the night. 

By breakfast the next day Rons and Hermiones bad 
moods had burnt out, and to Harrys relief, Rons 
dark predictions that the houseelves would send 

  596 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because 
Hermione had insulted them proved false; the bacon, 
eggs, and kippers were quite as good as usual. 

When the post owls arrived, Hermione looked up 
eagerly; she seemed to be expecting something. 

Percy wontve had time to answer yet, said Ron. We 
only sent Hedwig yesterday. 

No, its not that, said Hermione. Ive taken out a 
subscription to the Daily Prophet Im getting sick of 
finding everything out from the Slytherins. 

Good thinking! said Harry, also looking up at the 
owls. Hey, Hermione, I think youre in luck   

A gray owl was soaring down toward Hermione. 

It hasnt got a newspaper, though, she said, looking 
disappointed. Its   

But to her bewilderment, the gray owl landed in front 
of her plate, closely followed by four barn owls, a 
brown owl, and a tawny. 

How many subscriptions did you take out? said 
Harry, seizing Hermione s goblet before it was 
knocked over by the cluster of owls, all of whom were 
jostling close to her, trying to deliver their own letter 
first. 

What on earth  ? Hermione said, taking the letter 
from the gray owl, opening it, and starting to read. 

Oh really! she sputtered, going rather red. 

Whats up? said Ron. 

Its  oh how ridiculous   

  597 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




She thrust the letter at Harry, who saw that it was 
not handwritten, but composed from pasted letters 
that seemed to have been cut out of the Daily Prophet. 

You are a WickEd giRL. HarRy PotTER desErves 

BeTteR. GO back wherE you cAMe from mUGgle. 

Theyre all like it! said Hermione desperately, 
opening one letter after another.  Harry Potter can do 
much better than the likes of you. ... You deserve to 
be boiled in frog spawn. ... Ouch! 

She had opened the last envelope, and yellowish 
green liquid smelling strongly of petrol gushed over 
her hands, which began to erupt in large yellow boils. 

Undiluted bubotuber pus! said Ron, picking up the 
envelope gingerly and sniffing it. 

Ow! said Hermione, tears starting in her eyes as she 
tried to rub the pus off her hands with a napkin, but 
her fingers were now so thickly covered in painful 
sores that it looked as though she were wearing a pair 
of thick, knobbly gloves. 

Youd better get up to the hospital wing, said Harry 
as the owls around Hermione took flight. Well tell 
Professor Sprout where youve gone. ... 

I warned her! said Ron as Hermione hurried out of 
the Great Hall, cradling her hands. I warned her not 
to annoy Rita Skeeter! Look at this one ... He read 
out one of the letters Hermione had left behind:  I 
read in Witch Weekly about how you are playing 
Harry Potter false and that boy has had enough 
hardship and I will be sending you a curse by next 



  598 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




post as soon as I can find a big enough envelope. 
Blimey, shed better watch out for herself. 

Hermione didnt turn up for Herbology. As Harry and 
Ron left the greenhouse for their Care of Magical 
Creatures class, they saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle 
descending the stone steps of the castle. Pansy 
Parkinson was whispering and giggling behind them 
with her gang of Slytherin girls. Catching sight of 
Harry, Pansy called, Potter, have you split up with 
your girlfriend? Why was she so upset at breakfast? 

Harry ignored her; he didnt want to give her the 
satisfaction of knowing how much trouble the Witch 
Weekly article had caused. 

Hagrid, who had told them last lesson that they had 
finished with unicorns, was waiting for them outside 
his cabin with a fresh supply of open crates at his 
feet. Harrys heart sank at the sight of the crates  
surely not another skrewt hatching?  but when he 
got near enough to see inside, he found himself 
looking at a number of fluffy black creatures with 
long snouts. Their front paws were curiously flat, like 
spades, and they were blinking up at the class, 
looking politely puzzled at all the attention. 

Thesere nifflers, said Hagrid, when the class had 
gathered around. Yeh find em down mines mostly. 
They like sparkly stuff. ... There yeh go, look. 

One of the nifflers had suddenly leapt up and 
attempted to bite Pansy Parkinsons watch off her 
wrist. She shrieked and jumped backward. 

Useful little treasure detectors, said Hagrid happily. 
Thought wed have some fun with em today. See over 
there? He pointed at the large patch of freshly turned 
earth Harry had watched him digging from the Owlery 

  599 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




window. Ive buried some gold coins. Ive got a prize 
fer whoever picks the niffler that digs up most. Jus 
take off all yer valuables, an choose a niffler, an get 
ready ter set em loose. 

Harry took off his watch, which he was only wearing 
out of habit, as it didnt work anymore, and stuffed it 
into his pocket. Then he picked up a niffler. It put its 
long snout in Harrys ear and sniffed enthusiastically. 
It was really quite cuddly. 

Hang on, said Hagrid, looking down into the crate, 
theres a spare niffler here ... whos missin? Wheres 
Hermione? 

She had to go to the hospital wing, said Ron. 

Well explain later, Harry muttered; Pansy 
Parkinson was listening. 

It was easily the most fun they had ever had in Care 
of Magical Creatures. The nifflers dived in and out of 
the patch of earth as though it were water, each 
scurrying back to the student who had released it and 
spitting gold into their hands. Rons was particularly 
efficient; it had soon filled his lap with coins. 

Can you buy these as pets, Hagrid? he asked 
excitedly as his niffler dived back into the soil, 
splattering his robes. 

Yer mum wouldn be happy, Ron, said Hagrid, 
grinning. They wreck houses, nifflers. I reckon 
theyve nearly got the lot, now, he added, pacing 
around the patch of earth while the nifflers continued 
to dive. I ony buried a hundred coins. Oh there 
yare, Hermione! 



  600 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione was walking toward them across the lawn. 
Her hands were very heavily bandaged and she looked 
miserable. Pansy Parkinson was watching her 
beadily. 

Well, lets check how yehve done! said Hagrid. 
Count yer coins! An theres no point tryin ter steal 
any, Goyle, he added, his beetleblack eyes 
narrowed. Its leprechaun gold. Vanishes after a few 
hours. 

Goyle emptied his pockets, looking extremely sulky. It 
turned out that Rons niffler had been most 
successful, so Hagrid gave him an enormous slab of 
Honeydukes chocolate for a prize. The bell rang 
across the grounds for lunch; the rest of the class set 
off back to the castle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
stayed behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in 
their boxes. Harry noticed Madame Maxime watching 
them out of her carriage window. 

What yeh done ter your hands, Hermione? said 
Hagrid, looking concerned. 

Hermione told him about the hate mail she had 
received that morning, and the envelope full of 
bubotuber pus. 

Aaah, don worry, said Hagrid gently, looking down 
at her. I got some o those letters an all, after Rita 
Skeeter wrote abou me mum. Yehre a monster an 
yeh should be put down. Yer mother killed innocent 
people an if you had any decency youd jump in a 
lake.   

No! said Hermione, looking shocked. 

Yeah, said Hagrid, heaving the niffler crates over by 
his cabin wall. Theyre jus nutters, Hermione. Don 

  601 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




open em if yeh get any more. Chuck em straigh in 
the fire. 



You missed a really good lesson, Harry told 
Hermione as they headed back toward the castle. 
Theyre good, nifflers, arent they, Ron? 

Ron, however, was frowning at the chocolate Hagrid 
had given him. He looked thoroughly put out about 
something. 

Whats the matter? said Harry. Wrong flavor? 

No, said Ron shortly. Why didnt you tell me about 
the gold? 

What gold? said Harry. 

The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup, 
said Ron. The leprechaun gold I gave you for my 
Omnioculars. In the Top Box. Why didnt you tell me 
it disappeared? 

Harry had to think for a moment before he realized 
what Ron was talking about. 

Oh ... he said, the memory coming back to him at 
last. I dunno ... I never noticed it had gone. I was 
more worried about my wand, wasnt I? 

They climbed the steps into the entrance hall and 
went into the Great Hall for lunch. 

Must be nice, Ron said abruptly, when they had sat 
down and started serving themselves roast beef and 
Yorkshire puddings. To have so much money you 
dont notice if a pocketful of Galleons goes missing. 



  602 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Listen, I had other stuff on my mind that night! said 
Harry impatiently. We all did, remember? 



I didnt know leprechaun gold vanishes, Ron 
muttered. I thought I was paying you back. You 
shouldnt ve given me that Chudley Cannon hat for 
Christmas. 

Forget it, all right? said Harry. 

Ron speared a roast potato on the end of his fork, 
glaring at it. Then he said, I hate being poor. 

Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Neither of 
them really knew what to say. 

Its rubbish, said Ron, still glaring down at his 
potato. I dont blame Fred and George for trying to 
make some extra money. Wish I could. Wish I had a 
niffler. 

Well, we know what to get you next Christmas, said 
Hermione brightly. Then, when Ron continued to look 
gloomy, she said, Come on, Ron, it could be worse. 

At least your fingers arent full of pus. Hermione was 
having a lot of difficulty managing her knife and fork, 
her fingers were so stiff and swollen. I hate that 
Skeeter woman! she burst out savagely. Ill get her 
back for this if its the last thing I do! 



Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the 
following week, and although she followed Hagrids 
advice and stopped opening it, several of her ill 
wishers sent Howlers, which exploded at the 
Gryffindor table and shrieked insults at her for the 
whole Hall to hear. Even those people who didnt read 
Witch Weekly knew all about the supposed Harry 
  603 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




KrumHermione triangle now. Harry was getting sick 
of telling people that Hermione wasnt his girlfriend. 

Itll die down, though, he told Hermione, if we just 
ignore it. ... People got bored with that stuff she wrote 
about me last time   

I want to know how shes listening into private 
conversations when shes supposed to be banned 
from the grounds! said Hermione angrily. 

Hermione hung back in their next Defense Against 
the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody 
something. The rest of the class was very eager to 
leave; Moody had given them such a rigorous test of 
hexdeflection that many of them were nursing small 
injuries. Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears, 
he had to hold his hands clamped over them as he 
walked away from the class. 

Well, Ritas definitely not using an Invisibility Cloak! 
Hermione panted five minutes later, catching up with 
Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pulling 
Harrys hand away from one of his wiggling ears so 
that he could hear her. Moody says he didnt see her 
anywhere near the judges table at the second task, or 
anywhere near the lake! 

Hermione, is there any point in telling you to drop 
this? said Ron. 

No! said Hermione stubbornly. I want to know how 
she heard me talking to Viktor! And how she found 
out about Hagrids mum! 

Maybe she had you bugged, said Harry. 

Bugged? said Ron blankly. What ... put fleas on her 
or something? 

  604 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry started explaining about hidden microphones 
and recording equipment. Ron was fascinated, but 
Hermione interrupted them. 

Arent you two ever going to read Hogwarts, A 
History? 

Whats the point? said Ron. You know it by heart, 
we can just ask you. 

All those substitutes for magic Muggles use  
electricity, computers, and radar, and all those things 
 they all go haywire around Hogwarts, theres too 
much magic in the air. No, Ritas using magic to 
eavesdrop, she must be. ... If I could just find out 
what it is ... ooh, if its illegal, Ill have her ... 

Havent we got enough to worry about? Ron asked 
her. Do we have to start a vendetta against Rita 
Skeeter as well? 

Im not asking you to help! Hermione snapped. Ill 
do it on my own! 

She marched back up the marble staircase without a 
backward glance. Harry was quite sure she was going 
to the library. 

Whats the betting she comes back with a box of / 
Hate Rita Skeeter badges? said Ron. 

Hermione, however, did not ask Harry and Ron to 
help her pursue vengeance against Rita Skeeter, for 
which they were both grateful, because their workload 
was mounting ever higher in the days before the 
Easter holidays. Harry frankly marveled at the fact 
that Hermione could research magical methods of 
eavesdropping as well as everything else they had to 
do. He was working flatout just to get through all 
  605 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




their homework, though he made a point of sending 
regular food packages up to the cave in the mountain 
for Sirius; after last summer, Harry had not forgotten 
what it felt like to be continually hungry. He enclosed 
notes to Sirius, telling him that nothing out of the 
ordinary had happened, and that they were still 
waiting for an answer from Percy. 

Hedwig didnt return until the end of the Easter 
holidays. Percys letter was enclosed in a package of 
Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent. Both Harrys 
and Rons were the size of dragon eggs and full of 
homemade toffee. Hermiones, however, was smaller 
than a chicken egg. Her face fell when she saw it. 

Your mum doesnt read Witch Weekly, by any 
chance, does she, Ron? she asked quietly. 

Yeah, said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. 

Gets it for the recipes. 

Hermione looked sadly at her tiny egg. 

Dont you want to see what Percys written? Harry 
asked her hastily. 

Percys letter was short and irritated. 

As I am constantly telling the Daily Prophet, Mr. 

Crouch is taking a welldeserved break. He is sending 
in regular owls with instructions. No, I havent actually 
seen him, but I think I can be trusted to know my own 
superiors handwriting. I have quite enough to do at 
the moment without trying to quash these ridiculous 
rumors. Please dont bother me again unless its 
something important. Happy Easter. 

The start of the summer term would normally have 
meant that Harry was training hard for the last 

  606 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Quidditch match of the season. This year, however, it 
was the third and final task in the Triwizard 
Tournament for which he needed to prepare, but he 
still didnt know what he would have to do. Finally, in 
the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held him 
back in Transfiguration. 

You are to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at 
nine oclock, Potter, she told him. Mr. Bagman will 
be there to tell the champions about the third task. 

So at half past eight that night, Harry left Ron and 
Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and went downstairs. 
As he crossed the entrance hall, Cedric came up from 
the Hufflepuff common room. 

What dyou reckon its going to be? he asked Harry 
as they went together down the stone steps, out into 
the cloudy night. Fleur keeps going on about 
underground tunnels; she reckons weve got to find 
treasure. 

That wouldnt be too bad, said Harry, thinking that 
he would simply ask Hagrid for a niffler to do the job 
for him. 

They walked down the dark lawn to the Quidditch 
stadium, turned through a gap in the stands, and 
walked out onto the field. 

Whatve they done to it? Cedric said indignantly, 
stopping dead. 

The Quidditch field was no longer smooth and flat. It 
looked as though somebody had been building long, 
low walls all over it that twisted and crisscrossed in 
every direction. 



  607 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Theyre hedges! said Harry, bending to examine the 
nearest one. 



Hello there! called a cheery voice. 

Ludo Bagman was standing in the middle of the field 
with Krum and Fleur. Harry and Cedric made their 
way toward them, climbing over the hedges. Fleur 
beamed at Harry as he came nearer. Her attitude 
toward him had changed completely since he had 
saved her sister from the lake. 

Well, what dyou think? said Bagman happily as 
Harry and Cedric climbed over the last hedge. 
Growing nicely, arent they? Give them a month and 
Hagridll have them twenty feet high. Dont worry, he 
added, grinning, spotting the lessthanhappy 
expressions on Harrys and Cedrics faces, youll have 
your Quidditch field back to normal once the task is 
over! Now, I imagine you can guess what were 
making here? 

No one spoke for a moment. Then  

Maze, grunted Krum. 

Thats right! said Bagman. A maze. The third tasks 
really very straightforward. The Triwizard Cup will be 
placed in the center of the maze. The first champion 
to touch it will receive full marks. 

We seemply ave to get through the maze? said 
Fleur. 

There will be obstacles, said Bagman happily, 
bouncing on the balls of his feet. Hagrid is providing 
a number of creatures . . . then there will be spells that 
must be broken ... all that sort of thing, you know. 
Now, the champions who are leading on points will 
  608 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




get a head start into the maze. Bagman grinned at 
Harry and Cedric. Then Mr. Krum will enter ... then 
Miss Delacour. But you 11 all be in with a fighting 
chance, depending how well you get past the 
obstacles. Should be fun, eh? 

Harry, who knew only too well the kind of creatures 
that Hagrid was likely to provide for an event like this, 
thought it was unlikely to be any fun at all. However, 
he nodded politely like the other champions. 

Very well ... if you havent got any questions, well go 
back up to the castle, shall we, its a bit chilly. ... 

Bagman hurried alongside Harry as they began to 
wend their way out of the growing maze. Harry had 
the feeling that Bagman was going to start offering to 
help him again, but just then, Krum tapped Harry on 
the shoulder. 

Could I haff a vord? 

Yeah, all right, said Harry, slightly surprised. 

Vill you valk vith me? 

Okay, said Harry curiously. 

Bagman looked slightly perturbed. 

Ill wait for you, Harry, shall I? 

No, its okay, Mr. Bagman, said Harry, suppressing 
a smile, I think I can find the castle on my own, 
thanks. 

Harry and Krum left the stadium together, but Krum 
did not set a course for the Durmstrang ship. Instead, 
he walked toward the forest. 

  609 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




What re we going this way for? said Harry as they 
passed Hagrids cabin and the illuminated 
Beauxbatons carriage. 

Dont vant to be overheard, said Krum shortly. 

When at last they had reached a quiet stretch of 
ground a short way from the Beauxbatons horses 
paddock, Krum stopped in the shade of the trees and 
turned to face Harry. 

I vant to know, he said, glowering, vot there is 
between you and Hermyownninny. 

Harry, who from Krums secretive manner had 
expected something much more serious than this, 
stared up at Krum in amazement. 

Nothing, he said. But Krum glowered at him, and 
Harry, somehow struck anew by how tall Krum was, 
elaborated. Were friends. Shes not my girlfriend and 
she never has been. Its just that Skeeter woman 
making things up. 

Hermyownninny talks about you very often, said 
Krum, looking suspiciously at Harry. 

Yeah, said Harry, because were friends. 

He couldnt quite believe he was having this 
conversation with Viktor Krum, the famous 
International Quidditch player. It was as though the 
eighteenyearold Krum thought he, Harry, was an 
equal  a real rival  

You haff never ... you haff not ... 

No, said Harry very firmly. 



  610 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Krum looked slightly happier. He stared at Harry for a 
few seconds, then said, You fly very veil. I vos 
votching at the first task. 

Thanks, said Harry, grinning broadly and suddenly 
feeling much taller himself. I saw you at the 
Quidditch World Cup. The Wronski Feint, you really 



But something moved behind Krum in the trees, and 
Harry, who had some experience of the sort of thing 
that lurked in the forest, instinctively grabbed Krums 
arm and pulled him around. 

Vot is it? 

Harry shook his head, staring at the place where hed 
seen movement. He slipped his hand inside his robes, 
reaching for his wand. 

Suddenly a man staggered out from behind a tall oak. 
For a moment, Harry didnt recognize him ... then he 
realized it was Mr. Crouch. 

He looked as though he had been traveling for days. 
The knees of his robes were ripped and bloody, his 
face scratched; he was unshaven and gray with 
exhaustion. His neat hair and mustache were both in 
need of a wash and a trim. His strange appearance, 
however, was nothing to the way he was behaving. 
Muttering and gesticulating, Mr. Crouch appeared to 
be talking to someone that he alone could see. He 
reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp he had seen 
once when out shopping with the Dursleys. That man 
too had been conversing wildly with thin air; Aunt 
Petunia had seized Dudleys hand and pulled him 
across the road to avoid him; Uncle Vernon had then 
treated the family to a long rant about what he would 
like to do with beggars and vagrants. 

  611 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Vosnt he a judge? said Krum, staring at Mr. 

Crouch. Isnt he vith your Ministry? 

Harry nodded, hesitated for a moment, then walked 
slowly toward Mr. Crouch, who did not look at him, 
but continued to talk to a nearby tree. 

"... and when youve done that, Weatherby, send an 
owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of 
Durmstrang students who will be attending the 
tournament, Karkaroff has just sent word there will 
be twelve. ... 

Mr. Crouch? said Harry cautiously. 

"... and then send another owl to Madame Maxime, 
because she might want to up the number of 
students shes bringing, now Karkaroffs made it a 
round dozen ... do that, Weatherby, will you? Will 
you? Will... 

Mr. Crouchs eyes were bulging. He stood staring at 
the tree, muttering soundlessly at it. Then he 
staggered sideways and fell to his knees. 

Mr. Crouch? Harry said loudly. Are you all right? 

Crouchs eyes were rolling in his head. Harry looked 
around at Krum, who had followed him into the trees, 
and was looking down at Crouch in alarm. 

Vot is wrong with him? 

No idea, Harry muttered. Listen, youd better go 
and get someone   

Dumbledore! gasped Mr. Crouch. He reached out 
and seized a handful of Harrys robes, dragging him 



  612 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




closer, though his eyes were staring over Harrys 
head. I need ... see ... Dumbledore. ... 

Okay, said Harry, if you get up, Mr. Crouch, we can 
go up to the   

Ive done ... stupid ... thing ... Mr. Crouch breathed. 
He looked utterly mad. His eyes were rolling and 
bulging, and a trickle of spittle was sliding down his 
chin. Every word he spoke seemed to cost him a 
terrible effort. Must ... tell ... Dumbledore ... 

Get up, Mr. Crouch, said Harry loudly and clearly. 
Get up, Ill take you to Dumbledore! 

Mr. Crouchs eyes rolled forward onto Harry. 

Who ... you? he whispered. 

Im a student at the school, said Harry, looking 
around at Krum for some help, but Krum was 
hanging back, looking extremely nervous. 

Youre not ... his? whispered Crouch, his mouth 
sagging. 

No, said Harry, without the faintest idea what 
Crouch was talking about. 

Dumbledore s? 

Thats right, said Harry. 

Crouch was pulling him closer; Harry tried to loosen 
Crouchs grip on his robes, but it was too powerful. 

Warn ... Dumbledore ... 



  613 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ill get Dumbledore if you let go of me, said Harry. 
Just let go, Mr. Crouch, and Ill get him. ... 

Thank you, Weatherby, and when you have done 
that, I would like a cup of tea. My wife and son will be 
arriving shortly, we are attending a concert tonight 
with Mr. and Mrs. Fudge. 

Crouch was now talking fluently to a tree again, and 
seemed completely unaware that Harry was there, 
which surprised Harry so much he didnt notice that 
Crouch had released him. 

Yes, my son has recently gained twelve O.W.L.s, 
most satisfactory, yes, thank you, yes, very proud 
indeed. Now, if you could bring me that memo from 
the Andorran Minister of Magic, I think I will have 
time to draft a response. ... 

You stay here with him! Harry said to Krum. Ill get 
Dumbledore, Ill be quicker, I know where his office is 



He is mad, said Krum doubtfully, staring down at 
Crouch, who was still gabbling to the tree, apparently 
convinced it was Percy. 

Just stay with him, said Harry, starting to get up, 
but his movement seemed to trigger another abrupt 
change in Mr. Crouch, who seized him hard around 
the knees and pulled Harry back to the ground. 

Dont ... leave ... me! he whispered, his eyes bulging 
again. I ... escaped . . . must warn . . . must tell . . . see 
Dumbledore . . . my fault ... all my fault . . . Bertha . . . 
dead ... all my fault . . . my son . . . my fault . . . tell 
Dumbledore . . . Harry Potter . . . the Dark Lord . . . 
stronger ... Harry Potter ... 



  614 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ill get Dumbledore if you let me go, Mr. Crouch! 
said Harry. He looked furiously around at Krum. 

Help me, will you? 

Looking extremely apprehensive, Krum moved 
forward and squatted down next to Mr. Crouch. 

Just keep him here, said Harry, pulling himself free 
of Mr. Crouch. Ill be back with Dumbledore. 

Hurry, vont you? Krum called after him as Harry 
sprinted away from the forest and up through the 
dark grounds. They were deserted; Bagman, Cedric, 
and Fleur had disappeared. Harry tore up the stone 
steps, through the oak front doors, and off up the 
marble staircase, toward the second floor. 

Five minutes later he was hurtling toward a stone 
gargoyle standing halfway along an empty corridor. 

Sher  sherbet lemon! he panted at it. 

This was the password to the hidden staircase to 
Dumbledore s office  or at least, it had been two 
years ago. The password had evidently changed, 
however, for the stone gargoyle did not spring to life 
and jump aside, but stood frozen, glaring at Harry 
malevolently. 

Move! Harry shouted at it. Cmon! 

But nothing at Hogwarts had ever moved just because 
he shouted at it; he knew it was no good. He looked 
up and down the dark corridor. Perhaps Dumbledore 
was in the staffroom? He started running as fast as 
he could toward the staircase  

POTTER! 



  615 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry skidded to a halt and looked around. Snape 
had just emerged from the hidden staircase behind 
the stone gargoyle. The wall was sliding shut behind 
him even as he beckoned Harry back toward him. 

What are you doing here, Potter? 

I need to see Professor Dumbledore! said Harry, 
running back up the corridor and skidding to a 
standstill in front of Snape instead. Its Mr. Crouch 
... hes just turned up ... hes in the forest ... hes 
asking   

What is this rubbish? said Snape, his black eyes 
glittering. What are you talking about? 

Mr. Crouch! Harry shouted. From the Ministry! 

Hes ill or something  hes in the forest, he wants to 
see Dumbledore! Just give me the password up to   

The headmaster is busy, Potter, said Snape, his thin 
mouth curling into an unpleasant smile. 

Ive got to tell Dumbledore! Harry yelled. 

Didnt you hear me, Potter? 

Harry could tell Snape was thoroughly enjoying 
himself, denying Harry the thing he wanted when he 
was so panicky. 

Look, said Harry angrily, Crouch isnt right  hes 
 hes out of his mind  he says he wants to warn  



The stone wall behind Snape slid open. Dumbledore 
was standing there, wearing long green robes and a 
mildly curious expression. Is there a problem? he 
said, looking between Harry and Snape. 

  616 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Professor! Harry said, sidestepping Snape before 
Snape could speak, Mr. Crouch is here  hes down 
in the forest, he wants to speak to you! 

Harry expected Dumbledore to ask questions, but to 
his relief, Dumbledore did nothing of the sort. 

Lead the way, he said promptly, and he swept off 
along the corridor behind Harry, leaving Snape 
standing next to the gargoyle and looking twice as 
ugly. 

What did Mr. Crouch say, Harry? said Dumbledore 
as they walked swiftly down the marble staircase. 

Said he wants to warn you ... said hes done 
something terrible ... he mentioned his son . . . and 
Bertha Jorkins ... and  and Voldemort ... something 
about Voldemort getting stronger. ... 

Indeed, said Dumbledore, and he quickened his 
pace as they hurried out into the pitchdarkness. 

Hes not acting normally, Harry said, hurrying along 
beside Dumbledore. He doesnt seem to know where 
he is. He keeps talking like he thinks Percy Weasleys 
there, and then he changes, and says he needs to see 
you. ... I left him with Viktor Krum. 

You did? said Dumbledore sharply, and he began to 
take longer strides still, so that Harry was running to 
keep up. Do you know if anybody else saw Mr. 
Crouch? 

No, said Harry. Krum and I were talking, Mr. 
Bagman had just finished telling us about the third 
task, we stayed behind, and then we saw Mr. Crouch 
coming out of the forest   



  617 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Where are they? said Dumbledore as the 
Beauxbatons carriage emerged from the darkness. 

Over here, said Harry, moving in front of 
Dumbledore, leading the way through the trees. He 
couldnt hear Crouchs voice anymore, but he knew 
where he was going; it hadnt been much past the 
Beauxbatons carriage ... somewhere around here. ... 

Viktor? Harry shouted. 

No one answered. 

They were here, Harry said to Dumbledore. They 
were definitely somewhere around here. ... 

Lumos, Dumbledore said, lighting his wand and 
holding it up. 

Its narrow beam traveled from black trunk to black 
trunk, illuminating the ground. And then it fell upon 
a pair of feet. 

Harry and Dumbledore hurried forward. Krum was 
sprawled on the forest floor. He seemed to be 
unconscious. There was no sign at all of Mr. Crouch. 
Dumbledore bent over Krum and gently lifted one of 
his eyelids. 

Stunned, he said softly. His halfmoon glasses 
glittered in the wandlight as he peered around at the 
surrounding trees. 

Should I go and get someone? said Harry. Madam 
Pomfrey? 

No, said Dumbledore swiftly. Stay here. 



  618 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He raised his wand into the air and pointed it in the 
direction of Hagrid s cabin. Harry saw something 
silvery dart out of it and streak away through the 
trees like a ghostly bird. Then Dumbledore bent over 
Krum again, pointed his wand at him, and muttered, 
Renneruate. 

Krum opened his eyes. He looked dazed. When he saw 
Dumbledore, he tried to sit up, but Dumbledore put a 
hand on his shoulder and made him lie still. 

He attacked me! Krum muttered, putting a hand up 
to his head. The old madman attacked me! I vos 
looking around to see vare Potter had gone and he 
attacked from behind! 

Lie still for a moment, Dumbledore said. 

The sound of thunderous footfalls reached them, and 
Hagrid came panting into sight with Fang at his 
heels. He was carrying his crossbow. 

Professor Dumbledore! he said, his eyes widening. 
Harry  what the  ? 

Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff, said 
Dumbledore. His student has been attacked. When 
youve done that, kindly alert Professor Moody   

No need, Dumbledore, said a wheezy growl. Im 
here. 

Moody was limping toward them, leaning on his staff, 
his wand lit. 

Damn leg, he said furiously. Wouldve been here 
quicker ... whats happened? Snape said something 
about Crouch   



  619 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Crouch? said Hagrid blankly. 

Karkaroff, please, Hagrid! said Dumbledore sharply. 

Oh yeah ... right yare, Professor ... said Hagrid, and 
he turned and disappeared into the dark trees, Fang 
trotting after him. 

I dont know where Barty Crouch is, Dumbledore 
told Moody, but it is essential that we find him. 

Im onto it, growled Moody, and he pulled out his 
wand and limped off into the forest. 

Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke again until they 
heard the unmistakable sounds of Hagrid and Fang 
returning. Karkaroff was hurrying along behind them. 
He was wearing his sleek silver furs, and he looked 
pale and agitated. 

What is this? he cried when he saw Krum on the 
ground and Dumbledore and Harry beside him. 
Whats going on? 

I vos attacked! said Krum, sitting up now and 
rubbing his head. Mr. Crouch or votever his name  



Crouch attacked you? Crouch attacked you? The 
Triwizard judge? 

Igor, Dumbledore began, but Karkaroff had drawn 
himself up, clutching his furs around him, looking 
livid. 

Treachery! he bellowed, pointing at Dumbledore. It 
is a plot! You and your Ministry of Magic have lured 
me here under false pretenses, Dumbledore! This is 
not an equal competition! First you sneak Potter into 

  620 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the tournament, though he is underage! Now one of 
your Ministry friends attempts to put my champion 
out of action! I smell doubledealing and corruption in 
this whole affair, and you, Dumbledore, you, with 
your talk of closer international wizarding links, of 
rebuilding old ties, of forgetting old differences  
heres what I think of you! 

Karkaroff spat onto the ground at Dumbledores feet. 
In one swift movement, Hagrid seized the front of 
Karkaroffs furs, lifted him into the air, and slammed 
him against a nearby tree. 

Apologize! Hagrid snarled as Karkaroff gasped for 
breath, Hagrids massive fist at his throat, his feet 
dangling in midair. 

Hagrid, no\ Dumbledore shouted, his eyes flashing. 

Hagrid removed the hand pinning Karkaroff to the 
tree, and Karkaroff slid all the way down the trunk 
and slumped in a huddle at its roots; a few twigs and 
leaves showered down upon his head. 

Kindly escort Harry back up to the castle, Hagrid, 
said Dumbledore sharply. 

Breathing heavily, Hagrid gave Karkaroff a glowering 
look. 

Maybe Id better stay here, Headmaster. ... 

You will take Harry back to school, Hagrid, 
Dumbledore repeated firmly. Take him right up to 
Gryffindor Tower. And Harry  I want you to stay 
there. Anything you might want to do  any owls you 
might want to send  they can wait until morning, do 
you understand me? 



  621 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Er  yes, said Harry, staring at him. How had 
Dumbledore known that, at that very moment, he had 
been thinking about sending Pigwidgeon straight to 
Sirius, to tell him what had happened? 

Ill leave Fang with yeh, Headmaster, Hagrid said, 
staring menacingly at Karkaroff, who was still 
sprawled at the foot of the tree, tangled in furs and 
tree roots. Stay, Fang. Cmon, Harry. 

They marched in silence past the Beauxbatons 
carriage and up toward the castle. 

How dare he, Hagrid growled as they strode past the 
lake. How dare he accuse Dumbledore. Like 
Dumbledore d do anythin like that. Like Dumbledore 
wanted you in the tournament in the firs place. 
Worried! I dunno when I seen Dumbledore more 
worried than hes bin lately. An you! Hagrid 
suddenly said angrily to Harry, who looked up at him, 
taken aback. What were yeh doin, wanderin off with 
ruddy Krum? Hes from Durmstrang, Harry! Coulda 
jinxed yeh right there, couldn he? Hasn Moody 
taught yeh nothin? Magine lettin him lure yeh off on 
yer own   

Krums all right! said Harry as they climbed the 
steps into the entrance hall. He wasnt trying to jinx 
me, he just wanted to talk about Hermione   

Ill be havin a few words with her, an all, said 
Hagrid grimly, stomping up the stairs. The less you 
lot ave ter do with these foreigners, the happier yehll 
be. Yeh can trust any of em. 

You were getting on all right with Madame Maxime, 
Harry said, annoyed. 



  622 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Don you talk ter me abou her! said Hagrid, and he 
looked quite frightening for a moment. Ive got her 
number now! Tryin ter get back in me good books, 
tryin ter get me ter tell her whats cornin in the third 
task. Ha! You can trust any of em! 

Hagrid was in such a bad mood, Harry was quite glad 
to say goodbye to him in front of the Fat Lady. He 
clambered through the portrait hole into the common 
room and hurried straight for the corner where Ron 
and Hermione were sitting, to tell them what had 
happened. 



  623 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




z? 




THE DREAM 

It comes down to this, said Hermione, rubbing her 
forehead. Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor, or 
somebody else attacked both of them when Viktor 
wasnt looking. 

It mustve been Crouch, said Ron at once. Thats 
why he was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got 
there. Hed done a runner. 

I dont think so, said Harry, shaking his head. He 
seemed really weak  I dont reckon he was up to 
Disapparating or anything. 

You cant Disapparate on the Hogwarts grounds, 
havent I told you enough times? said Hermione. 

Okay ... hows this for a theory, said Ron excitedly. 
Krum attacked Crouch  no, wait for it  and then 
Stunned himself! 

And Mr. Crouch evaporated, did he? said Hermione 
coldly. 

  624 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Oh yeah ... 



It was daybreak. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had crept 
out of their dormitories very early and hurried up to 
the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius. Now they 
were standing looking out at the misty grounds. All 
three of them were puffyeyed and pale because they 
had been talking late into the night about Mr. 

Crouch. 

Just go through it again, Harry, said Hermione. 
What did Mr. Crouch actually say? 

Ive told you, he wasnt making much sense, said 
Harry. He said he wanted to warn Dumbledore about 
something. He definitely mentioned Bertha Jorkins, 
and he seemed to think she was dead. He kept saying 
stuff was his fault. ... He mentioned his son. 

Well, that was his fault, said Hermione testily. 

He was out of his mind, said Harry. Half the time 
he seemed to think his wife and son were still alive, 
and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving 
him instructions. 

And ... remind me what he said about YouKnow 
Who? said Ron tentatively. 

Ive told you, Harry repeated dully. He said hes 
getting stronger. 

There was a pause. Then Ron said in a falsely 
confident voice, But he was out of his mind, like you 
said, so half of it was probably just raving. ... 

He was sanest when he was trying to talk about 
Voldemort, said Harry, and Ron winced at the sound 
of the name. He was having real trouble stringing 

  625 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




two words together, but that was when he seemed to 
know where he was, and know what he wanted to do. 
He just kept saying he had to see Dumbledore. 

Harry turned away from the window and stared up 
into the rafters. The many perches were halfempty; 
every now and then, another owl would swoop in 
through one of the windows, returning from its nights 
hunting with a mouse in its beak. 

If Snape hadnt held me up, Harry said bitterly, we 
mightve got there in time. The headmaster is busy, 
Potter ... whats this rubbish, Potter? Why couldnt he 
have just got out of the way? 

Maybe he didnt want you to get there! said Ron 
quickly. Maybe  hang on  how fast dyou reckon 
he couldve gotten down to the forest? Dyou reckon 
he couldve beaten you and Dumbledore there? 

Not unless he can turn himself into a bat or 
something, said Harry. 

Wouldnt put it past him, Ron muttered. 

We need to see Professor Moody, said Hermione. 

We need to find out whether he found Mr. Crouch. 

If he had the Marauders Map on him, it wouldve 
been easy, said Harry. 

Unless Crouch was already outside the grounds, 
said Ron, because it only shows up to the 
boundaries, doesnt   

Shh! said Hermione suddenly. 



  626 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Somebody was climbing the steps up to the Owlery. 
Harry could hear two voices arguing, coming closer 
and closer. 

  thats blackmail, that is, we could get into a lot of 
trouble for that   

  weve tried being polite; its time to play dirty, like 
him. He wouldnt like the Ministry of Magic knowing 
what he did   

Im telling you, if you put that in writing, its 
blackmail! 

Yeah, and you wont be complaining if we get a nice 
fat payoff, will you? 

The Owlery door banged open. Fred and George came 
over the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione. 

Whatre you doing here? Ron and Fred said at the 
same time. 

Sending a letter, said Harry and George in unison. 
What, at this time? said Hermione and Fred. 

Fred grinned. 

Fine  we wont ask you what youre doing, if you 
dont ask us, he said. 

He was holding a sealed envelope in his hands. Harry 
glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on 
purpose, shifted his hand so that the name on it was 
covered. 



  627 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Well, dont let us hold you up, Fred said, making a 
mock bow and pointing at the door. 

Ron didnt move. Whore you blackmailing? he said. 

The grin vanished from Freds face. Harry saw George 
half glance at Fred, before smiling at Ron. 

Dont be stupid, I was only joking, he said easily. 

Didnt sound like that, said Ron. 

Fred and George looked at each other. Then Fred said 
abruptly, Ive told you before, Ron, keep your nose 
out if you like it the shape it is. Cant see why you 
would, but   

Its my business if youre blackmailing someone, 
said Ron. Georges right, you could end up in serious 
trouble for that. 

Told you, I was joking, said George. He walked over 
to Fred, pulled the letter out of his hands, and began 
attaching it to the leg of the nearest barn owl. Youre 
starting to sound a bit like our dear older brother, 
you are, Ron. Carry on like this and youll be made a 
prefect. 

No, I wont! said Ron hotly. 

George carried the barn owl over to the window and it 
took off. George turned around and grinned at Ron. 

Well, stop telling people what to do then. See you 
later. 

He and Fred left the Owlery. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione stared at one another. 



  628 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You dont think they know something about all this, 
do you? Hermione whispered. About Crouch and 
everything? 

No, said Harry. If it was something that serious, 
theyd tell someone. Theyd tell Dumbledore. 

Ron, however, was looking uncomfortable. 

Whats the matter? Hermione asked him. 

Well ... said Ron slowly, I dunno if they would. 
Theyre ... theyre obsessed with making money lately, 

I noticed it when I was hanging around with them  
when  you know   

We werent talking. Harry finished the sentence for 
him. Yeah, but blackmail ... 

Its this joke shop idea theyve got, said Ron. I 
thought they were only saying it to annoy Mum, but 
they really mean it, they want to start one. Theyve 
only got a year left at Hogwarts, they keep going on 
about how its time to think about their future, and 
Dad cant help them, and they need gold to get 
started. 

Hermione was looking uncomfortable now. 

Yes, but ... they wouldnt do anything against the law 
to get gold. 

Wouldnt they? said Ron, looking skeptical. I dunno 
... they dont exactly mind breaking rules, do they? 

Yes, but this is the law, said Hermione, looking 
scared. This isnt some silly school rule. ... Theyll get 
a lot more than detention for blackmail! Ron ... maybe 
youd better tell Percy. ... 

  629 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Are you mad? said Ron. Tell Percy? Hed probably 
do a Crouch and turn them in. He stared at the 
window through which Fred and Georges owl had 
departed, then said, Come on, lets get some 
breakfast. 

Dyou think its too early to go and see Professor 
Moody? Hermione said as they went down the spiral 
staircase. 

Yes, said Harry. Hed probably blast us through the 
door if we wake him at the crack of dawn; hell think 
were trying to attack him while hes asleep. Lets give 
it till break. 

History of Magic had rarely gone so slowly. Harry kept 
checking Rons watch, having finally discarded his 
own, but Rons was moving so slowly he could have 
sworn it had stopped working too. All three of them 
were so tired they could happily have put their heads 
down on the desks and slept; even Hermione wasnt 
taking her usual notes, but was sitting with her head 
on her hand, gazing at Professor Binns with her eyes 
out of focus. 

When the bell finally rang, they hurried out into the 
corridors toward the Dark Arts classroom and found 
Professor Moody leaving it. He looked as tired as they 
felt. The eyelid of his normal eye was drooping, giving 
his face an even more lopsided appearance than 
usual. 

Professor Moody? Harry called as they made their 
way toward him through the crowd. 

Hello, Potter, growled Moody. His magical eye 
followed a couple of passing first years, who sped up, 
looking nervous; it rolled into the back of Moodys 



  630 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




head and watched them around the corner before he 
spoke again. 



Come in here. 

He stood back to let them into his empty classroom, 
limped in after them, and closed the door. 

Did you find him? Harry asked without preamble. 
Mr. Crouch? 

No, said Moody. He moved over to his desk, sat 
down, stretched out his wooden leg with a slight 
groan, and pulled out his hip flask. 

Did you use the map? Harry said. 

Of course, said Moody, taking a swig from his flask. 
Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. Summoned it 
from my office into the forest. He wasnt anywhere on 
there. 

So he did Disapparate? said Ron. 

You cant Disapparate on the grounds, Ron\ said 
Hermione. There are other ways he could have 
disappeared, arent there, Professor? 

Moodys magical eye quivered as it rested on 
Hermione. Youre another one who might think about 
a career as an Auror, he told her. Mind works the 
right way, Granger. 

Hermione flushed pink with pleasure. 

Well, he wasnt invisible, said Harry. The map 
shows invisible people. He mustve left the grounds, 
then. 

  631 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But under his own steam? said Hermione eagerly, 

or because someone made him? 

Yeah, someone couldve  couldve pulled him onto a 
broom and flown off with him, couldnt they? said 
Ron quickly, looking hopefully at Moody as if he too 
wanted to be told he had the makings of an Auror. 

We cant rule out kidnap, growled Moody. 

So, said Ron, dyou reckon hes somewhere in 
Hogsmeade? 

Could be anywhere, said Moody, shaking his head. 
Only thing we know for sure is that hes not here. 

He yawned widely, so that his scars stretched, and 
his lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing 
teeth. Then he said, Now, Dumbledores told me you 
three fancy yourselves as investigators, but theres 
nothing you can do for Crouch. The Ministryll be 
looking for him now, Dumbledores notified them. 
Potter, you just keep your mind on the third task. 

What? said Harry. Oh yeah ... 

He hadnt given the maze a single thought since hed 
left it with Krum the previous night. 

Should be right up your street, this one, said 
Moody, looking up at Harry and scratching his 
scarred and stubbly chin. From what Dumbledores 
said, youve managed to get through stuff like this 
plenty of times. Broke your way through a series of 
obstacles guarding the Sorcerers Stone in your first 
year, didnt you? 

We helped, Ron said quickly. Me and Hermione 
helped. 

  632 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Moody grinned. 



Well, help him practice for this one, and Ill be very 
surprised if he doesnt win, said Moody. In the 
meantime ... constant vigilance, Potter. Constant 
vigilance. He took another long draw from his hip 
flask, and his magical eye swiveled onto the window. 
The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible 
through it. 

You two, counseled Moody, his normal eye on Ron 
and Hermione, you stick close to Potter, all right? Im 
keeping an eye on things, but all the same ... you can 
never have too many eyes out. 



k k k 



Sirius sent their owl back the very next morning. It 
fluttered down beside Harry at the same moment that 
a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, clutching a 
copy of the Daily Prophet in its beak. She took the 
newspaper, scanned the first few s, said, Ha! 

She hasnt got wind of Crouch! then joined Ron and 
Harry in reading what Sirius had to say on the 
mysterious events of the night before last. 

Harry  what do you think you are playing at, 
walking off into the forest with Viktor Krum? I want 
you to swear, by return owl, that you are not going to 
go walking with anyone else at night. There is 
somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts. It is clear to 
me that they wanted to stop Crouch from seeing 
Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from 
them in the dark. You could have been killed. 

Your name didnt get into the Goblet of Fire by 
accident. If someones trying to attack you, theyre on 

  633 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




their last chance. Stay close to Ron and Hermione, do 
not leave Gryffindor Tower after hours, and arm 
yourself for the third task. Practice Stunning and 
Disarming. A few hexes wouldnt go amiss either. 
Theres nothing you can do about Crouch. Keep your 
head down and look after yourself. Im waiting for your 
letter giving me your word you wont stray outof 
bounds again. 

Sirius 

Whos he, to lecture me about being outofbounds? 
said Harry in mild indignation as he folded up Siriuss 
letter and put it inside his robes. After all the stuff he 
did at school! 

Hes worried about you! said Hermione sharply. 

Just like Moody and Hagrid! So listen to them! 

No ones tried to attack me all year, said Harry. No 
ones done anything to me at all   

Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire, said 
Hermione. And they mustve done that for a reason, 
Harry. Snuffles is right. Maybe theyve been biding 
their time. Maybe this is the task theyre going to get 
you. 

Look, said Harry impatiently, lets say Sirius is 
right, and someone Stunned Krum to kidnap Crouch. 
Well, they wouldve been in the trees near us, 
wouldnt they? But they waited till I was out of the 
way until they acted, didnt they? So it doesnt look 
like Im their target, does it? 

They couldnt have made it look like an accident if 
theyd murdered you in the forest! said Hermione. 
But if you die during a task   



  634 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They didnt care about attacking Krum, did they? 
said Harry. Why didnt they just polish me off at the 
same time? They couldve made it look like Krum and 
I had a duel or something. 

Harry, I dont understand it either, said Hermione 
desperately. I just know there are a lot of odd things 
going on, and I dont like it. ... Moodys right  Sirius 
is right  youve got to get in training for the third 
task, straight away. And you make sure you write 
back to Sirius and promise him youre not going to go 
sneaking off alone again. 

The Hogwarts grounds never looked more inviting 
than when Harry had to stay indoors. For the next 
few days he spent all of his free time either in the 
library with Hermione and Ron, looking up hexes, or 
else in empty classrooms, which they sneaked into to 
practice. Harry was concentrating on the Stunning 
Spell, which he had never used before. The trouble 
was that practicing it involved certain sacrifices on 
Rons and Hermione s part. 

Cant we kidnap Mrs. Norris? Ron suggested on 
Monday lunchtime as he lay flat on his back in the 
middle of their Charms classroom, having just been 
Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a 
row. Lets Stun her for a bit. Or you could use 
Dobby, Harry, I bet hed do anything to help you. Im 
not complaining or anything  he got gingerly to his 
feet, rubbing his backside  but Im aching all over. 



Well, you keep missing the cushions, dont you! said 
Hermione impatiently, rearranging the pile of 
cushions they had used for the Banishing Spell, 
which Flitwick had left in a cabinet. Just try and fall 
backward! 



  635 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Once youre Stunned, you cant aim too well, 
Hermione! said Ron angrily. Why dont you take a 
turn? 

Well, I think Harrys got it now, anyway, said 
Hermione hastily. And we dont have to worry about 
Disarming, because hes been able to do that for ages. 
... I think we ought to start on some of these hexes 
this evening. 

She looked down the list they had made in the 
library. 

I like the look of this one, she said, this 
Impediment Curse. Should slow down anything thats 
trying to attack you, Harry. Well start with that one. 

The bell rang. They hastily shoved the cushions back 
into Flitwicks cupboard and slipped out of the 
classroom. 

See you at dinner! said Hermione, and she set off for 
Arithmancy, while Harry and Ron headed toward 
North Tower, and Divination. Broad strips of dazzling 
gold sunlight fell across the corridor from the high 
windows. The sky outside was so brightly blue it 
looked as though it had been enameled. 

Its going to be boiling in Trelawneys room, she never 
puts out that fire, said Ron as they started up the 
staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor. 

He was quite right. The dimly lit room was 
swelteringly hot. The fumes from the perfumed fire 
were heavier than ever. Harrys head swam as he 
made his way over to one of the curtained windows. 
While Professor Trelawney was looking the other way, 
disentangling her shawl from a lamp, he opened it an 
inch or so and settled back in his chintz armchair, so 
  636 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




that a soft breeze played across his face. It was 
extremely comfortable. 

My dears, said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in 
her winged armchair in front of the class and peering 
around at them all with her strangely enlarged eyes, 
we have almost finished our work on planetary 
divination. Today, however, will be an excellent 
opportunity to examine the effects of Mars, for he is 
placed most interestingly at the present time. If you 
will all look this way, I will dim the lights. ... 

She waved her wand and the lamps went out. The fire 
was the only source of light now. Professor Trelawney 
bent down and lifted, from under her chair, a 
miniature model of the solar system, contained within 
a glass dome. It was a beautiful thing; each of the 
moons glimmered in place around the nine planets 
and the fiery sun, all of them hanging in thin air 
beneath the glass. Harry watched lazily as Professor 
Trelawney began to point out the fascinating angle 
Mars was making to Neptune. The heavily perfumed 
fumes washed over him, and the breeze from the 
window played across his face. He could hear an 
insect humming gently somewhere behind the 
curtain. His eyelids began to droop. ... 

He was riding on the back of an eagle owl, soaring 
through the clear blue sky toward an old, ivycovered 
house set high on a hillside. Lower and lower they 
flew, the wind blowing pleasantly in Harrys face, until 
they reached a dark and broken window in the upper 
story of the house and entered. Now they were flying 
along a gloomy passageway, to a room at the very end 
. . . through the door they went, into a dark room 
whose windows were boarded up. ... 

Harry had left the owls back ... he was watching, 
now, as it fluttered across the room, into a chair with 

  637 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




its back to him. ... There were two dark shapes on the 
floor beside the chair . . . both of them were stirring. . . . 

One was a huge snake . . . the other was a man ... a 
short, balding man, a man with watery eyes and a 
pointed nose ... he was wheezing and sobbing on the 
hearth rug. . . . 

You are in luck, Wormtail, said a cold, highpitched 
voice from the depths of the chair in which the owl 
had landed. You are very fortunate indeed. Your 
blunder has not ruined everything. He is dead. 

My Lord! gasped the man on the floor. My Lord, I 
am ... 1 am so pleased ... and so sorry. ... 

Nagini, said the cold voice, you are out of luck. 1 
will not be feeding Wormtail to you, after all ... but 
never mind, never mind . . . there is still Harry Potter. 



The snake hissed. Harry could see its tongue 
fluttering. 

Now, Wormtail, said the cold voice, perhaps one 
more little reminder why I will not tolerate another 
blunder from you. ... 

My Lord ... no ... I beg you ... 

The tip of a wand emerged from around the back of 
the chair, ft was pointing at Wormtail. 

Crucio\ said the cold voice. 

Wormtail screamed, screamed as though every nerve 
in his body were on fire, the screaming filled Harrys 
ears as the scar on his forehead seared with pain; he 



  638 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




was yelling too. ... Voldemort would hear him, would 
know he was there. ... 



Harry! Harry\ 

Harry opened his eyes. He was lying on the floor of 
Professor Trelawneys room with his hands over his 
face. His scar was still burning so badly that his eyes 
were watering. The pain had been real. The whole 
class was standing around him, and Ron was 
kneeling next to him, looking terrified. 

You all right? he said. 

Of course he isnt! said Professor Trelawney, looking 
thoroughly excited. Her great eyes loomed over Harry, 
gazing at him. What was it, Potter? A premonition? 
An apparition? What did you see? 

Nothing, Harry lied. He sat up. He could feel himself 
shaking. He couldnt stop himself from looking 
around, into the shadows behind him; Voldemorts 
voice had sounded so close. ... 

You were clutching your scar! said Professor 
Trelawney. You were rolling on the floor, clutching 
your scar! Come now, Potter, I have experience in 
these matters! 

Harry looked up at her. 

I need to go to the hospital wing, I think, he said. 
Bad headache. 

My dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the 
extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations of my room! said 
Professor Trelawney If you leave now, you may lose 
the opportunity to see further than you have ever   

  639 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I dont want to see anything except a headache cure, 
said Harry. 

He stood up. The class backed away. They all looked 
unnerved. 

See you later, Harry muttered to Ron, and he picked 
up his bag and headed for the trapdoor, ignoring 
Professor Trelawney, who was wearing an expression 
of great frustration, as though she had just been 
denied a real treat. 

When Harry reached the bottom of her stepladder, 
however, he did not set off for the hospital wing. He 
had no intention whatsoever of going there. Sirius 
had told him what to do if his scar hurt him again, 
and Harry was going to follow his advice: He was 
going straight to Dumbledores office. He marched 
down the corridors, thinking about what he had seen 
in the dream ... it had been as vivid as the one that 
had awoken him on Privet Drive. ... He ran over the 
details in his mind, trying to make sure he could 
remember them. ... He had heard Voldemort accusing 
Wormtail of making a blunder ... but the owl had 
brought good news, the blunder had been repaired, 
somebody was dead ... so Wormtail was not going to 
be fed to the snake ... he, Harry, was going to be fed 
to it instead. ... 

Harry had walked right past the stone gargoyle 
guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without 
noticing. He blinked, looked around, realized what he 
had done, and retraced his steps, stopping in front of 
it. Then he remembered that he didnt know the 
password. 

Sherbet lemon? he tried tentatively. 

The gargoyle did not move. 

  640 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Okay, said Harry, staring at it, Pear Drop. Er  
Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Droobles Best 
Blowing Gum. Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans ... oh 
no, he doesnt like them, does he? ... oh just open, 
cant you? he said angrily. I really need to see him, 
its urgent! 

The gargoyle remained immovable. 

Harry kicked it, achieving nothing but an excruciating 
pain in his big toe. 

Chocolate Frog! he yelled angrily, standing on one 
leg. Sugar Quill! Cockroach Cluster! 

The gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry 
blinked. 

Cockroach Cluster? he said, amazed. I was only 
joking. ... 

He hurried through the gap in the walls and stepped 
onto the foot of a spiral stone staircase, which moved 
slowly upward as the doors closed behind him, taking 
him up to a polished oak door with a brass door 
knocker. 

He could hear voices from inside the office. He 
stepped off the moving staircase and hesitated, 
listening. 

Dumbledore, Im afraid I dont see the connection, 
dont see it at all! It was the voice of the Minister of 
Magic, Cornelius Fudge. Ludo says Berthas perfectly 
capable of getting herself lost. I agree we would have 
expected to have found her by now, but all the same, 
weve no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none at 
all. As for her disappearance being linked with Barty 
Crouchs! 

  641 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And what do you thinks happened to Barty Crouch, 
Minister? said Moodys growling voice. 

I see two possibilities, Alastor, said Fudge. Either 
Crouch has finally cracked  more than likely, Im 
sure youll agree, given his personal history  lost his 
mind, and gone wandering off somewhere   

He wandered extremely quickly, if that is the case, 
Cornelius, said Dumbledore calmly. 

Or else  well ... Fudge sounded embarrassed. 

Well, Ill reserve judgment until after Ive seen the 
place where he was found, but you say it was just 
past the Beauxbatons carriage? Dumbledore, you 
know what that woman is? 

I consider her to be a very able headmistress  and 
an excellent dancer, said Dumbledore quietly. 

Dumbledore, come! said Fudge angrily. Dont you 
think you might be prejudiced in her favor because of 
Hagrid? They dont all turn out harmless  if, indeed, 
you can call Hagrid harmless, with that monster 
fixation hes got   

I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid, 
said Dumbledore, just as calmly. I think it possible 
that it is you who are prejudiced, Cornelius. 

Can we wrap up this discussion? growled Moody. 

Yes, yes, lets go down to the grounds, then, said 
Fudge impatiently. 

No, its not that, said Moody, its just that Potter 
wants a word with you, Dumbledore. Hes just outside 
the door. 



  642 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE PENSIEVE 

The door of the office opened. 

Hello, Potter, said Moody. Come in, then. 

Harry walked inside. He had been inside 
Dumbledores office once before; it was a very 
beautiful, circular room, lined with pictures of 
previous headmasters and headmistresses of 
Hogwarts, all of whom were fast asleep, their chests 
rising and falling gently. 

Cornelius Fudge was standing beside Dumbledores 
desk, wearing his usual pinstriped cloak and holding 
his limegreen bowler hat. 

Harry! said Fudge jovially, moving forward. How are 
you? 

Fine, Harry lied. 



  643 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



We were just talking about the night when Mr. 
Crouch turned up on the grounds, said Fudge. It 
was you who found him, was it not? 

Yes, said Harry. Then, feeling it was pointless to 
pretend that he hadnt overheard what they had been 
saying, he added, I didnt see Madame Maxime 
anywhere, though, and shed have a job hiding, 
wouldnt she? 

Dumbledore smiled at Harry behind Fudges back, his 
eyes twinkling. 

Yes, well, said Fudge, looking embarrassed, were 
about to go for a short walk on the grounds, Harry, if 
youll excuse us ... perhaps if you just go back to your 
class   

I wanted to talk to you, Professor, Harry said 
quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave him a swift, 
searching look. 

Wait here for me, Harry, he said. Our examination 
of the grounds will not take long. 

They trooped out in silence past him and closed the 
door. After a minute or so, Harry heard the clunks of 
Moodys wooden leg growing fainter in the corridor 
below. He looked around. 

Hello, Fawkes, he said. 

Fawkes, Professor Dumbledores phoenix, was 
standing on his golden perch beside the door. The 
size of a swan, with magnificent scarletandgold 
plumage, he swished his long tail and blinked 
benignly at Harry. 



  644 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry sat down in a chair in front of Dumbledores 
desk. For several minutes, he sat and watched the old 
headmasters and headmistresses snoozing in their 
frames, thinking about what he had just heard, and 
running his fingers over his scar. It had stopped 
hurting now. 

He felt much calmer, somehow, now that he was in 
Dumbledores office, knowing he would shortly be 
telling him about the dream. Harry looked up at the 
walls behind the desk. The patched and ragged 
Sorting Hat was standing on a shelf. A glass case next 
to it held a magnificent silver sword with large rubies 
set into the hilt, which Harry recognized as the one he 
himself had pulled out of the Sorting Hat in his 
second year. The sword had once belonged to Godric 
Gryffindor, founder of Harrys House. He was gazing 
at it, remembering how it had come to his aid when 
he had thought all hope was lost, when he noticed a 
patch of silvery light, dancing and shimmering on the 
glass case. He looked around for the source of the 
light and saw a sliver of silverwhite shining brightly 
from within a black cabinet behind him, whose door 
had not been closed properly. Harry hesitated, 
glanced at Fawkes, then got up, walked across the 
office, and pulled open the cabinet door. 

A shallow stone basin lay there, with odd carvings 
around the edge: runes and symbols that Harry did 
not recognize. The silvery light was coming from the 
basins contents, which were like nothing Harry had 
ever seen before. He could not tell whether the 
substance was liquid or gas. It was a bright, whitish 
silver, and it was moving ceaselessly; the surface of it 
became ruffled like water beneath wind, and then, 
like clouds, separated and swirled smoothly. It looked 
like light made liquid  or like wind made solid  
Harry couldnt make up his mind. 



  645 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He wanted to touch it, to find out what it felt like, but 
nearly four years experience of the magical world told 
him that sticking his hand into a bowl full of some 
unknown substance was a very stupid thing to do. He 
therefore pulled his wand out of the inside of his 
robes, cast a nervous look around the office, looked 
back at the contents of the basin, and prodded them. 

The surface of the silvery stuff inside the basin began 
to swirl very fast. 

Harry bent closer, his head right inside the cabinet. 
The silvery substance had become transparent; it 
looked like glass. He looked down into it, expecting to 
see the stone bottom of the basin  and saw instead 
an enormous room below the surface of the 
mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed 
to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling. 

The room was dimly lit; he thought it might even be 
underground, for there were no windows, merely 
torches in brackets such as the ones that illuminated 
the walls of Hogwarts. Lowering his face so that his 
nose was a mere inch away from the glassy 
substance, Harry saw that rows and rows of witches 
and wizards were seated around every wall on what 
seemed to be benches rising in levels. An empty chair 
stood in the very center of the room. There was 
something about the chair that gave Harry an 
ominous feeling. Chains encircled the arms of it, as 
though its occupants were usually tied to it. 

Where was this place? It surely wasnt Hogwarts; he 
had never seen a room like that here in the castle. 
Moreover, the crowd in the mysterious room at the 
bottom of the basin was comprised of adults, and 
Harry knew there were not nearly that many teachers 
at Hogwarts. They seemed, he thought, to be waiting 
for something; even though he could only see the tops 
  646 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




of their hats, all of their faces seemed to be pointing 
in one direction, and none of them were talking to one 
another. 

The basin being circular, and the room he was 
observing square, Harry could not make out what was 
going on in the corners of it. He leaned even closer, 
tilting his head, trying to see . . . 

The tip of his nose touched the strange substance 
into which he was staring. 

Dumbledores office gave an almighty lurch  Harry 
was thrown forward and pitched headfirst into the 
substance inside the basin  

But his head did not hit the stone bottom. He was 
falling through something icycold and black; it was 
like being sucked into a dark whirlpool  

And suddenly, Harry found himself sitting on a bench 
at the end of the room inside the basin, a bench 
raised high above the others. He looked up at the 
high stone ceiling, expecting to see the circular 
window through which he had just been staring, but 
there was nothing there but dark, solid stone. 

Breathing hard and fast, Harry looked around him. 
Not one of the witches and wizards in the room (and 
there were at least two hundred of them) was looking 
at him. Not one of them seemed to have noticed that a 
fourteenyear old boy had just dropped from the 
ceiling into their midst. Harry turned to the wizard 
next to him on the bench and uttered a loud cry of 
surprise that reverberated around the silent room. 

He was sitting right next to Albus Dumbledore. 



  647 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Professor! Harry said in a kind of strangled whisper. 
Im sorry  I didnt mean to  I was just looking at 
that basin in your cabinet  I  where are we? 

But Dumbledore didnt move or speak. He ignored 
Harry completely. Like every other wizard on the 
benches, he was staring into the far corner of the 
room, where there was a door. 

Harry gazed, nonplussed, at Dumbledore, then 
around at the silently watchful crowd, then back at 
Dumbledore. And then it dawned on him. ... 

Once before, Harry had found himself somewhere that 
nobody could see or hear him. That time, he had 
fallen through a  in an enchanted diary, right 
into somebody elses memory ... and unless he was 
very much mistaken, something of the sort had 
happened again. ... 

Harry raised his right hand, hesitated, and then 
waved it energetically in front of Dumbledore s face. 
Dumbledore did not blink, look around at Harry, or 
indeed move at all. And that, in Harrys opinion, 
settled the matter. Dumbledore wouldnt ignore him 
like that. He was inside a memory, and this was not 
the presentday Dumbledore. Yet it couldnt be that 
long ago . . . the Dumbledore sitting next to him now 
was silverhaired, just like the presentday 
Dumbledore. But what was this place? What were all 
these wizards waiting for? 

Harry looked around more carefully. The room, as he 
had suspected when observing it from above, was 
almost certainly underground  more of a dungeon 
than a room, he thought. There was a bleak and 
forbidding air about the place; there were no pictures 
on the walls, no decorations at all; just these serried 
rows of benches, rising in levels all around the room, 
  648 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




all positioned so that they had a clear view of that 
chair with the chains on its arms. 

Before Harry could reach any conclusions about the 
place in which they were, he heard footsteps. The 
door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three 
people entered  or at least one man, flanked by two 
dementors. 

Harrys insides went cold. The dementors  tall, 
hooded creatures whose faces were concealed  were 
gliding slowly toward the chair in the center of the 
room, each grasping one of the mans arms with their 
dead and rottenlooking hands. The man between 
them looked as though he was about to faint, and 
Harry couldnt blame him ... he knew the dementors 
could not touch him inside a memory, but he 
remembered their power only too well. The watching 
crowd recoiled slightly as the dementors placed the 
man in the chained chair and glided back out of the 
room. The door swung shut behind them. 

Harry looked down at the man now sitting in the 
chair and saw that it was Karkaroff. 

Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; 
his hair and goatee were black. He was not dressed in 
sleek furs, but in thin and ragged robes. He was 
shaking. Even as Harry watched, the chains on the 
arms of the chair glowed suddenly gold and snaked 
their way up Karkaroffs arms, binding him there. 

Igor Karkaroff, said a curt voice to Harrys left. 

Harry looked around and saw Mr. Crouch standing 
up in the middle of the bench beside him. Crouchs 
hair was dark, his face was much less lined, he 
looked fit and alert. You have been brought from 
Azkaban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic. 



  649 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You have given us to understand that you have 
important information for us. 

Karkaroff straightened himself as best he could, 
tightly bound to the chair. 

I have, sir, he said, and although his voice was very 
scared, Harry could still hear the familiar unctuous 
note in it. I wish to be of use to the Ministry. I wish 
to help. I  I know that the Ministry is trying to  to 
round up the last of the Dark Lords supporters. I am 
eager to assist in any way I can. ... 

There was a murmur around the benches. Some of 
the wizards and witches were surveying Karkaroff 
with interest, others with pronounced mistrust. Then 
Harry heard, quite distinctly, from Dumbledores 
other side, a familiar, growling voice saying, Filth. 

Harry leaned forward so that he could see past 
Dumbledore. MadEye Moody was sitting there  
except that there was a very noticeable difference in 
his appearance. He did not have his magical eye, but 
two normal ones. Both were looking down upon 
Karkaroff, and both were narrowed in intense dislike. 

Crouch is going to let him out, Moody breathed 
quietly to Dumbledore. Hes done a deal with him. 
Took me six months to track him down, and Crouch 
is going to let him go if hes got enough new names. 
Lets hear his information, I say, and throw him 
straight back to the dementors. 

Dumbledore made a small noise of dissent through 
his long, crooked nose. 

Ah, I was forgetting ... you dont like the dementors, 
do you, Albus? said Moody with a sardonic smile. 



  650 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, said Dumbledore calmly, Im afraid I dont. I 
have long felt the Ministry is wrong to ally itself with 
such creatures. 

But for filth like this ... Moody said softly. 

You say you have names for us, Karkaroff, said Mr. 
Crouch. Let us hear them, please. 

You must understand, said Karkaroff hurriedly, 

that HeWhoMustNotBeNamed operated always in 
the greatest secrecy. . . . He preferred that we  I 
mean to say, his supporters  and I regret now, very 
deeply, that I ever counted myself among them   

Get on with it, sneered Moody. 

  we never knew the names of every one of our 
fellows  He alone knew exactly who we all were   

Which was a wise move, wasnt it, as it prevented 
someone like you, Karkaroff, from turning all of them 
in, muttered Moody. 

Yet you say you have some names for us? said Mr. 
Crouch. 

I  I do, said Karkaroff breathlessly. And these 
were important supporters, mark you. People I saw 
with my own eyes doing his bidding. I give this 
information as a sign that I fully and totally renounce 
him, and am filled with a remorse so deep I can 
barely   

These names are? said Mr. Crouch sharply. 
Karkaroff drew a deep breath. 



  651 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




There was Antonin Dolohov, he said. I  I saw him 
torture countless Muggles and  and nonsupporters 
of the Dark Lord. 



And helped him do it, murmured Moody. 

We have already apprehended Dolohov, said 
Crouch. He was caught shortly after yourself. 

Indeed? said Karkaroff, his eyes widening. I  I am 
delighted to hear it! 

But he didnt look it. Harry could tell that this news 
had come as a real blow to him. One of his names 
was worthless. 

Any others? said Crouch coldly. 

Why, yes ... there was Rosier, said Karkaroff 
hurriedly. Evan Rosier. 

Rosier is dead, said Crouch. He was caught shortly 
after you were too. He preferred to fight rather than 
come quietly and was killed in the struggle. 

Took a bit of me with him, though, whispered 
Moody to Harrys right. Harry looked around at him 
once more, and saw him indicating the large chunk 
out of his nose to Dumbledore. 

No  no more than Rosier deserved! said Karkaroff, 
a real note of panic in his voice now. Harry could see 
that he was starting to worry that none of his 
information would be of any use to the Ministry. 
Karkaroffs eyes darted toward the door in the corner, 
behind which the dementors undoubtedly still stood, 
waiting. 

Any more? said Crouch. 

  652 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yes! said Karkaroff. There was Travers  he helped 
murder the McKinnons! Mulciber  he specialized in 
the Imperius Curse, forced countless people to do 
horrific things! Rookwood, who was a spy, and passed 
HeWhoMustNotBeNamed useful information from 
inside the Ministry itself! 

Harry could tell that, this time, Karkaroff had struck 
gold. The watching crowd was all murmuring 
together. 

Rookwood? said Mr. Crouch, nodding to a witch 
sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her 
piece of parchment. Augustus Rookwood of the 
Department of Mysteries? 

The very same, said Karkaroff eagerly. I believe he 
used a network of wellplaced wizards, both inside the 
Ministry and out, to collect information   

But Travers and Mulciber we have, said Mr. Crouch. 
Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be 
returned to Azkaban while we decide   

Not yet! cried Karkaroff, looking quite desperate. 
Wait, I have more! 

Harry could see him sweating in the torchlight, his 
white skin contrasting strongly with the black of his 
hair and beard. 

Snape! he shouted. Severus Snape! 

Snape has been cleared by this council, said Crouch 
disdainfully. He has been vouched for by Albus 
Dumbledore. 



  653 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No! shouted Karkaroff, straining at the chains that 
bound him to the chair. I assure you! Severus Snape 
is a Death Eater! 

Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. 

I have given evidence already on this matter, he said 
calmly. Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater. 
However, he rejoined our side before Lord Voldemorts 
downfall and turned spy for us, at great personal risk. 
He is now no more a Death Eater than I am. 

Harry turned to look at MadEye Moody. He was 
wearing a look of deep skepticism behind 
Dumbledore s back. 

Very well, Karkaroff, Crouch said coldly, you have 
been of assistance. I shall review your case. You will 
return to Azkaban in the meantime. ... 

Mr. Crouchs voice faded. Harry looked around; the 
dungeon was dissolving as though it were made of 
smoke; everything was fading; he could see only his 
own body  all else was swirling darkness. ... 

And then, the dungeon returned. Harry was sitting in 
a different seat, still on the highest bench, but now to 
the left side of Mr. Crouch. The atmosphere seemed 
quite different: relaxed, even cheerful. The witches 
and wizards all around the walls were talking to one 
another, almost as though they were at some sort of 
sporting event. Harry noticed a witch halfway up the 
rows of benches opposite. She had short blonde hair, 
was wearing magenta robes, and was sucking the end 
of an acidgreen quill. It was, unmistakably, a 
younger Rita Skeeter. Harry looked around; 
Dumbledore was sitting beside him again, wearing 
different robes. Mr. Crouch looked more tired and 



  654 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




somehow fiercer, gaunter. ... Harry understood. It was 
a different memory, a different day ... a different trial. 

The door in the corner opened, and Ludo Bagman 
walked into the room. 

This was not, however, a Ludo Bagman gone to seed, 
but a Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the height of 
his Quidditchplaying fitness. His nose wasnt broken 
now; he was tall and lean and muscular. Bagman 
looked nervous as he sat down in the chained chair, 
but it did not bind him there as it had bound 
Karkaroff, and Bagman, perhaps taking heart from 
this, glanced around at the watching crowd, waved at 
a couple of them, and managed a small smile. 

Ludo Bagman, you have been brought here in front 
of the Council of Magical Law to answer charges 
relating to the activities of the Death Eaters, said Mr. 
Crouch. We have heard the evidence against you, 
and are about to reach our verdict. Do you have 
anything to add to your testimony before we 
pronounce judgment? 

Harry couldnt believe his ears. Ludo Bagman, a 
Death Eater? 

Only, said Bagman, smiling awkwardly, well  I 
know Ive been a bit of an idiot   

One or two wizards and witches in the surrounding 
seats smiled indulgently. Mr. Crouch did not appear 
to share their feelings. He was staring down at Ludo 
Bagman with an expression of the utmost severity 
and dislike. 

You never spoke a truer word, boy, someone 
muttered dryly to Dumbledore behind Harry. He 
looked around and saw Moody sitting there again. If I 

  655 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




didnt know hed always been dim, Id have said some 
of those Bludgers had permanently affected his brain. 



Ludovic Bagman, you were caught passing 
information to Lord Voldemorts supporters, said Mr. 
Crouch. For this, I suggest a term of imprisonment 
in Azkaban lasting no less than   

But there was an angry outcry from the surrounding 
benches. Several of the witches and wizards around 
the walls stood up, shaking their heads, and even 
their fists, at Mr. Crouch. 

But Ive told you, I had no idea! Bagman called 
earnestly over the crowds babble, his round blue eyes 
widening. None at all! Old Rookwood was a friend of 
my dads ... never crossed my mind he was in with 
YouKnowWho! I thought I was collecting information 
for our side! And Rookwood kept talking about getting 
me a job in the Ministry later on ... once my 
Quidditch days are over, you know ... I mean, I cant 
keep getting hit by Bludgers for the rest of my life, 
can I? 

There were titters from the crowd. 

It will be put to the vote, said Mr. Crouch coldly. He 
turned to the righthand side of the dungeon. The 
jury will please raise their hands ... those in favor of 
imprisonment ... 

Harry looked toward the righthand side of the 
dungeon. Not one person raised their hand. Many of 
the witches and wizards around the walls began to 
clap. One of the witches on the jury stood up. 

Yes? barked Crouch. 



  656 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Wed just like to congratulate Mr. Bagman on his 
splendid performance for England in the Quidditch 
match against Turkey last Saturday, the witch said 
breathlessly. 

Mr. Crouch looked furious. The dungeon was ringing 
with applause now. Bagman got to his feet and 
bowed, beaming. 

Despicable, Mr. Crouch spat at Dumbledore, sitting 
down as Bagman walked out of the dungeon. 
Rookwood get him a job indeed. ... The day Ludo 
Bagman joins us will be a sad day indeed for the 
Ministry. ... 

And the dungeon dissolved again. When it had 
returned, Harry looked around. He and Dumbledore 
were still sitting beside Mr. Crouch, but the 
atmosphere could not have been more different. There 
was total silence, broken only by the dry sobs of a 
frail, wispylooking witch in the seat next to Mr. 
Crouch. She was clutching a handkerchief to her 
mouth with trembling hands. Harry looked up at 
Crouch and saw that he looked gaunter and grayer 
than ever before. A nerve was twitching in his temple. 

Bring them in, he said, and his voice echoed 
through the silent dungeon. 

The door in the corner opened yet again. Six 
dementors entered this time, flanking a group of four 
people. Harry saw the people in the crowd turn to 
look up at Mr. Crouch. A few of them whispered to 
one another. 

The dementors placed each of the four people in the 
four chairs with chained arms that now stood on the 
dungeon floor. There was a thickset man who stared 
blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervous 

  657 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




looking man, whose eyes were darting around the 
crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and 
heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained 
chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late 
teens, who looked nothing short of petrified. He was 
shivering, his strawcolored hair all over his face, his 
freckled skin milkwhite. The wispy little witch beside 
Crouch began to rock backward and forward in her 
seat, whimpering into her handkerchief. 

Crouch stood up. He looked down upon the four in 
front of him, and there was pure hatred in his face. 

You have been brought here before the Council of 
Magical Law, he said clearly, so that we may pass 
judgment on you, for a crime so heinous   

Father, said the boy with the strawcolored hair. 
Father ... please ... 

  that we have rarely heard the like of it within this 
court, said Crouch, speaking more loudly, drowning 
out his sons voice. We have heard the evidence 
against you. The four of you stand accused of 
capturing an Auror  Frank Longbottom  and 
subjecting him to the Cruciatus Curse, believing him 
to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your 
exiled master, HeWhoMustNotBeNamed   

Father, I didnt! shrieked the boy in chains below. I 
didnt, I swear it, Father, dont send me back to the 
dementors   

You are further accused, bellowed Mr. Crouch, of 
using the Cruciatus Curse on Frank Longbottoms 
wife, when he would not give you information. You 
planned to restore HeWhoMustNotBeNamed to 
power, and to resume the lives of violence you 



  658 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




presumably led while he was strong. I now ask the 
jury   

Mother! screamed the boy below, and the wispy little 
witch beside Crouch began to sob, rocking backward 
and forward. Mother, stop him, Mother, I didnt do it, 
it wasnt me! 

I now ask the jury, shouted Mr. Crouch, to raise 
their hands if they believe, as I do, that these crimes 
deserve a life sentence in Azkaban! 

In unison, the witches and wizards along the right 
hand side of the dungeon raised their hands. The 
crowd around the walls began to clap as it had for 
Bagman, their faces full of savage triumph. The boy 
began to scream. 

No! Mother, no! I didnt do it, I didnt do it, I didnt 
know! Dont send me there, dont let him! 

The dementors were gliding back into the room. The 
boys three companions rose quietly from their seats; 
the woman with the heavylidded eyes looked up at 
Crouch and called, The Dark Lord will rise again, 
Crouch! Throw us into Azkaban; we will wait! He will 
rise again and will come for us, he will reward us 
beyond any of his other supporters! We alone were 
faithful! We alone tried to find him! 

But the boy was trying to fight off the dementors, 
even though Harry could see their cold, draining 
power starting to affect him. The crowd was jeering, 
some of them on their feet, as the woman swept out of 
the dungeon, and the boy continued to struggle. 

Im your son! he screamed up at Crouch. Im your 
son! 



  659 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You are no son of mine! bellowed Mr. Crouch, his 
eyes bulging suddenly. I have no son! 

The wispy witch beside him gave a great gasp and 
slumped in her seat. She had fainted. Crouch 
appeared not to have noticed. 

Take them away! Crouch roared at the dementors, 
spit flying from his mouth. Take them away, and 
may they rot there! 

Father! Father, I wasnt involved! No! No! Father, 
please! 

I think, Harry, it is time to return to my office, said 
a quiet voice in Harrys ear. 

Harry started. He looked around. Then he looked on 
his other side. 

There was an Albus Dumbledore sitting on his right, 
watching Crouchs son being dragged away by the 
dementors  and there was an Albus Dumbledore on 
his left, looking right at him. 

Come, said the Dumbledore on his left, and he put 
his hand under Harrys elbow. Harry felt himself 
rising into the air; the dungeon dissolved around him; 
for a moment, all was blackness, and then he felt as 
though he had done a slowmotion somersault, 
suddenly landing flat on his feet, in what seemed like 
the dazzling light of Dumbledore s sunlit office. The 
stone basin was shimmering in the cabinet in front of 
him, and Albus Dumbledore was standing beside 
him. 

Professor, Harry gasped, I know I shouldntve  I 
didnt mean  the cabinet door was sort of open and 



  660 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I quite understand, said Dumbledore. He lifted the 
basin, carried it over to his desk, placed it upon the 
polished top, and sat down in the chair behind it. He 
motioned for Harry to sit down opposite him. 

Harry did so, staring at the stone basin. The contents 
had returned to their original, silverywhite state, 
swirling and rippling beneath his gaze. 

What is it? Harry asked shakily. 

This? It is called a Pensieve, said Dumbledore. I 
sometimes find, and I am sure you know the feeling, 
that I simply have too many thoughts and memories 
crammed into my mind. 

Er, said Harry, who couldnt truthfully say that he 
had ever felt anything of the sort. 

At these times, said Dumbledore, indicating the 
stone basin, I use the Pensieve. One simply siphons 
the excess thoughts from ones mind, pours them into 
the basin, and examines them at ones leisure. It 
becomes easier to spot patterns and links, you 
understand, when they are in this form. 

You mean . . . that stuffs your thoughts? Harry said, 
staring at the swirling white substance in the basin. 

Certainly, said Dumbledore. Let me show you. 

Dumbledore drew his wand out of the inside of his 
robes and placed the tip into his own silvery hair, 
near his temple. When he took the wand away, hair 
seemed to be clinging to it  but then Harry saw that 
it was in fact a glistening strand of the same strange 
silverywhite substance that filled the Pensieve. 
Dumbledore added this fresh thought to the basin, 
and Harry, astonished, saw his own face swimming 
  661 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




around the surface of the bowl. Dumbledore placed 
his long hands on either side of the Pensieve and 
swirled it, rather as a gold prospector would pan for 
fragments of gold . . . and Harry saw his own face 
change smoothly into Snapes, who opened his mouth 
and spoke to the ceiling, his voice echoing slightly. 

Its coming back ... Karkaroffs too ... stronger and 
clearer than ever ... 

A connection I could have made without assistance, 
Dumbledore sighed, but never mind. He peered over 
the top of his halfmoon spectacles at Harry, who was 
gaping at Snapes face, which was continuing to swirl 
around the bowl. I was using the Pensieve when Mr. 
Fudge arrived for our meeting and put it away rather 
hastily. Undoubtedly I did not fasten the cabinet door 
properly. Naturally, it would have attracted your 
attention. 

Im sorry, Harry mumbled. 

Dumbledore shook his head. Curiosity is not a sin, 
he said. But we should exercise caution with our 
curiosity ... yes, indeed ... 

Frowning slightly, he prodded the thoughts within the 
basin with the tip of his wand. Instantly, a figure rose 
out of it, a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who 
began to revolve slowly, with her feet still in the basin. 
She took no notice whatsoever of Harry or Professor 
Dumbledore. When she spoke, her voice echoed as 
Snapes had done, as though it were coming from the 
depths of the stone basin. He put a hex on me, 
Professor Dumbledore, and I was only teasing him, 
sir. I only said Id seen him kissing Florence behind 
the greenhouses last Thursday. ... 



  662 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But why, Bertha, said Dumbledore sadly, looking up 
at the now silently revolving girl, why did you have to 
follow him in the first place? 

Bertha? Harry whispered, looking up at her. Is that 
 was that Bertha Jorkins? 

Yes, said Dumbledore, prodding the thoughts in the 
basin again; Bertha sank back into them, and they 
became silvery and opaque once more. That was 
Bertha as I remember her at school. 

The silvery light from the Pensieve illuminated 
Dumbledores face, and it struck Harry suddenly how 
very old he was looking. He knew, of course, that 
Dumbledore was getting on in years, but somehow he 
never really thought of Dumbledore as an old man. 

So, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly. Before you got 
lost in my thoughts, you wanted to tell me 
something. 

Yes, said Harry. Professor  I was in Divination 
just now, and  er  I fell asleep. 

He hesitated here, wondering if a reprimand was 
coming, but Dumbledore merely said, Quite 
understandable. Continue. 

Well, I had a dream, said Harry. A dream about 
Lord Voldemort. He was torturing Wormtail ... you 
know who Wormtail   

I do know, said Dumbledore promptly. Please 
continue. 

Voldemort got a letter from an owl. He said 
something like, Wormtails blunder had been 
repaired. He said someone was dead. Then he said, 

  663 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Wormtail wouldnt be fed to the snake  there was a 
snake beside his chair. He said  he said hed be 
feeding me to it, instead. Then he did the Cruciatus 
Curse on Wormtail  and my scar hurt, Harry said. 
It woke me up, it hurt so badly. 

Dumbledore merely looked at him. 

Er  thats all, said Harry. 

I see, said Dumbledore quietly. I see. Now, has your 
scar hurt at any other time this year, excepting the 
time it woke you up over the summer? 

No, I  how did you know it woke me up over the 
summer? said Harry, astonished. 

You are not Siriuss only correspondent, said 
Dumbledore. I have also been in contact with him 
ever since he left Hogwarts last year. It was I who 
suggested the mountainside cave as the safest place 
for him to stay. 

Dumbledore got up and began walking up and down 
behind his desk. Every now and then, he placed his 
wand tip to his temple, removed another shining 
silver thought, and added it to the Pensieve. The 
thoughts inside began to swirl so fast that Harry 
couldnt make out anything clearly: It was merely a 
blur of color. 

Professor? he said quietly, after a couple of minutes. 

Dumbledore stopped pacing and looked at Harry. 

My apologies, he said quietly. He sat back down at 
his desk. 

Dyou  dyou know why my scars hurting me? 

  664 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dumbledore looked very intently at Harry for a 
moment, and then said, I have a theory, no more 
than that. ... It is my belief that your scar hurts both 
when Lord Voldemort is near you, and when he is 
feeling a particularly strong surge of hatred. 

But ... why? 

Because you and he are connected by the curse that 
failed, said Dumbledore. That is no ordinary scar. 

So you think . . . that dream . . . did it really happen? 

It is possible, said Dumbledore. I would say  
probable. Harry  did you see Voldemort? 

No, said Harry. Just the back of his chair. But  
there wouldnt have been anything to see, would 
there? I mean, he hasnt got a body, has he? But ... 
but then how could he have held the wand? Harry 
said slowly. 

How indeed? muttered Dumbledore. How indeed 



Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke for a while. 
Dumbledore was gazing across the room, and, every 
now and then, placing his wand tip to his temple and 
adding another shining silver thought to the seething 
mass within the Pensieve. 

Professor, Harry said at last, do you think hes 
getting stronger? 

Voldemort? said Dumbledore, looking at Harry over 
the Pensieve. It was the characteristic, piercing look 
Dumbledore had given him on other occasions, and 
always made Harry feel as though Dumbledore were 
seeing right through him in a way that even Moodys 
  665 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




magical eye could not. Once again, Harry, I can only 
give you my suspicions. 

Dumbledore sighed again, and he looked older, and 
wearier, than ever. 

The years of Voldemorts ascent to power, he said, 
were marked with disappearances. Bertha Jorkins 
has vanished without a trace in the place where 
Voldemort was certainly known to be last. Mr. Crouch 
too has disappeared ... within these very grounds. 

And there was a third disappearance, one which the 
Ministry, I regret to say, do not consider of any 
importance, for it concerns a Muggle. His name was 
Frank Bryce, he lived in the village where Voldemorts 
father grew up, and he has not been seen since last 
August. You see, I read the Muggle newspapers, 
unlike most of my Ministry friends. 

Dumbledore looked very seriously at Harry. 

These disappearances seem to me to be linked. The 
Ministry disagrees  as you may have heard, while 
waiting outside my office. 

Harry nodded. Silence fell between them again, 
Dumbledore extracting thoughts every now and then. 
Harry felt as though he ought to go, but his curiosity 
held him in his chair. 

Professor? he said again. 

Yes, Harry? said Dumbledore. 

Er . . . could I ask you about . . . that court thing I was 
in ... in the Pensieve? 



  666 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




You could, said Dumbledore heavily. I attended it 
many times, but some trials come back to me more 
clearly than others ... particularly now. ... 

You know  you know the trial you found me in? 

The one with Crouchs son? Well ... were they talking 
about Nevilles parents? 

Dumbledore gave Harry a very sharp look. Has 
Neville never told you why he has been brought up by 
his grandmother? he said. 

Harry shook his head, wondering, as he did so, how 
he could have failed to ask Neville this, in almost four 
years of knowing him. 

Yes, they were talking about Nevilles parents, said 
Dumbledore. His father, Frank, was an Auror just 
like Professor Moody. He and his wife were tortured 
for information about Voldemorts whereabouts after 
he lost his powers, as you heard. 

So theyre dead? said Harry quietly. 

No, said Dumbledore, his voice full of a bitterness 
Harry had never heard there before. They are insane. 
They are both in St. Mungos Hospital for Magical 
Maladies and Injuries. I believe Neville visits them, 
with his grandmother, during the holidays. They do 
not recognize him. 

Harry sat there, horrorstruck. He had never known 
... never, in four years, bothered to find out ... 

The Longbottoms were very popular, said 
Dumbledore. The attacks on them came after 
Voldemorts fall from power, just when everyone 
thought they were safe. Those attacks caused a wave 
of fury such as I have never known. The Ministry was 
  667 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




under great pressure to catch those who had done it. 
Unfortunately, the Longbottoms evidence was  
given their condition  none too reliable. 

Then Mr. Crouchs son might not have been 
involved? said Harry slowly. 

Dumbledore shook his head. 

As to that, I have no idea. 

Harry sat in silence once more, watching the contents 
of the Pensieve swirl. There were two more questions 
he was burning to ask . . . but they concerned the guilt 
of living people. ... 

Er, he said, Mr. Bagman ... 

"... has never been accused of any Dark activity 
since, said Dumbledore calmly. 

Right, said Harry hastily, staring at the contents of 
the Pensieve again, which were swirling more slowly 
now that Dumbledore had stopped adding thoughts. 
And ... er ... 

But the Pensieve seemed to be asking his question for 
him. Snapes face was swimming on the surface 
again. Dumbledore glanced down into it, and then up 
at Harry. 

No more has Professor Snape, he said. 

Harry looked into Dumbledore s light blue eyes, and 
the thing he really wanted to know spilled out of his 
mouth before he could stop it. 

What made you think hed really stopped supporting 
Voldemort, Professor? 

  668 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dumbledore held Harrys gaze for a few seconds, and 
then said, That, Harry, is a matter between Professor 
Snape and myself. 

Harry knew that the interview was over; Dumbledore 
did not look angry, yet there was a finality in his tone 
that told Harry it was time to go. He stood up, and so 
did Dumbledore. 

Harry, he said as Harry reached the door. Please do 
not speak about Nevilles parents to anybody else. He 
has the right to let people know, when he is ready. 

Yes, Professor, said Harry, turning to go. 

And   

Harry looked back. Dumbledore was standing over 
the Pensieve, his face lit from beneath by its silvery 
spots of light, looking older than ever. He stared at 
Harry for a moment, and then said, Good luck with 
the third task. 



  669 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE THIRD TASK 

Dumbledore reckons You Know Whos getting 
stronger again as well? Ron whispered. 

Everything Harry had seen in the Pensieve, nearly 
everything Dumbledore had told and shown him 
afterward, he had now shared with Ron and 
Hermione  and, of course, with Sirius, to whom 
Harry had sent an owl the moment he had left 
Dumbledores office. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat 
up late in the common room once again that night, 
talking it all over until Harrys mind was reeling, until 
he understood what Dumbledore had meant about a 
head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have 
been a relief to siphon them off. 

Ron stared into the common room fire. Harry thought 
he saw Ron shiver slightly, even though the evening 
was warm. 

And he trusts Snape? Ron said. He really trusts 
Snape, even though he knows he was a Death Eater? 



  670 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Yes, said Harry. 



Hermione had not spoken for ten minutes. She was 
sitting with her forehead in her hands, staring at her 
knees. Harry thought she too looked as though she 
could have done with a Pensieve. 

Rita Skeeter, she muttered finally. 

How can you be worrying about her now? said Ron, 
in utter disbelief. 

Im not worrying about her, Hermione said to her 
knees. Im just thinking ... remember what she said 
to me in the Three Broomsticks? I know things about 
Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl. This 
is what she meant, isnt it? She reported his trial, she 
knew hed passed information to the Death Eaters. 
And Winky too, remember ... Ludo Bagmans a bad 
wizard. Mr. Crouch would have been furious he got 
off, he would have talked about it at home. 

Yeah, but Bagman didnt pass information on 
purpose, did he? 

Hermione shrugged. 

And Fudge reckons Madame Maxime attacked 
Crouch? Ron said, turning back to Harry. 

Yeah, said Harry, but hes only saying that because 
Crouch disappeared near the Beauxbatons carriage. 

We never thought of her, did we? said Ron slowly. 
Mind you, shes definitely got giant blood, and she 
doesnt want to admit it   

Of course she doesnt, said Hermione sharply, 
looking up. Look what happened to Hagrid when Rita 

  671 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




found out about his mother. Look at Fudge, jumping 
to conclusions about her, just because shes part 
giant. Who needs that sort of prejudice? Id probably 
say I had big bones if I knew thats what Id get for 
telling the truth. 

Hermione looked at her watch. We havent done any 
practicing! she said, looking shocked. We were going 
to do the Impediment Curse! Well have to really get 
down to it tomorrow! Come on, Harry, you need to get 
some sleep. 

Harry and Ron went slowly upstairs to their 
dormitory. As Harry pulled on his pajamas, he looked 
over at Nevilles bed. True to his word to Dumbledore, 
he had not told Ron and Hermione about Nevilles 
parents. As Harry took off his glasses and climbed 
into his fourposter, he imagined how it must feel to 
have parents still living but unable to recognize you. 
He often got sympathy from strangers for being an 
orphan, but as he listened to Nevilles snores, he 
thought that Neville deserved it more than he did. 
Lying in the darkness, Harry felt a rush of anger and 
hate toward the people who had tortured Mr. and 
Mrs. Longbottom. ... He remembered the jeers of the 
crowd as Crouchs son and his companions had been 
dragged from the court by the dementors. ... He 
understood how they had felt. ... Then he 
remembered the milkwhite face of the screaming boy 
and realized with a jolt that he had died a year later. 



It was Voldemort, Harry thought, staring up at the 
canopy of his bed in the darkness, it all came back to 
Voldemort. ... He was the one who had torn these 
families apart, who had ruined all these lives. ... 

Ron and Hermione were supposed to be studying for 
their exams, which would finish on the day of the 

  672 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




third task, but they were putting most of their efforts 
into helping Harry prepare. 

Dont worry about it, Hermione said shortly when 
Harry pointed this out to them and said he didnt 
mind practicing on his own for a while, at least well 
get top marks in Defense Against the Dark Arts. Wed 
never have found out about all these hexes in class. 

Good training for when were all Aurors, said Ron 
excitedly, attempting the Impediment Curse on a 
wasp that had buzzed into the room and making it 
stop dead in midair. 

The mood in the castle as they entered June became 
excited and tense again. Everyone was looking 
forward to the third task, which would take place a 
week before the end of term. Harry was practicing 
hexes at every available moment. He felt more 
confident about this task than either of the others. 
Difficult and dangerous though it would undoubtedly 
be, Moody was right: Harry had managed to find his 
way past monstrous creatures and enchanted 
barriers before now, and this time he had some 
notice, some chance to prepare himself for what lay 
ahead. 

Tired of walking in on Harry, Hermione, and Ron all 
over the school, Professor McGonagall had given them 
permission to use the empty Transfiguration 
classroom at lunchtimes. Harry had soon mastered 
the Impediment Curse, a spell to slow down and 
obstruct attackers; the Reductor Curse, which would 
enable him to blast solid objects out of his way; and 
the FourPoint Spell, a useful discovery of Hermiones 
that would make his wand point due north, therefore 
enabling him to check whether he was going in the 
right direction within the maze. He was still having 
trouble with the Shield Charm, though. This was 
  673 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




supposed to cast a temporary, invisible wall around 
himself that deflected minor curses; Hermione 
managed to shatter it with a wellplaced JellyLegs 
Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the room for ten 
minutes afterward before she had looked up the 
counterjinx. 

Youre still doing really well, though, Hermione said 
encouragingly, looking down her list and crossing off 
those spells they had already learned. Some of these 
are bound to come in handy. 

Come and look at this, said Ron, who was standing 
by the window. He was staring down onto the 
grounds. Whats Malfoy doing? 

Harry and Hermione went to see. Malfoy, Crabbe, and 
Goyle were standing in the shadow of a tree below. 
Crabbe and Goyle seemed to be keeping a lookout; 
both were smirking. Malfoy was holding his hand up 
to his mouth and speaking into it. 

He looks like hes using a walkietalkie, said Harry 
curiously. 

He cant be, said Hermione, Ive told you, those 
sorts of things dont work around Hogwarts. Come on, 
Harry, she added briskly, turning away from the 
window and moving back into the middle of the room, 
lets try that Shield Charm again. 



Sirius was sending daily owls now. Like Hermione, he 
seemed to want to concentrate on getting Harry 
through the last task before they concerned 
themselves with anything else. He reminded Harry in 
every letter that whatever might be going on outside 



  674 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the walls of Hogwarts was not Harrys responsibility, 
nor was it within his power to influence it. 



If Voldemort is really getting stronger again, he wrote, 
my priority is to ensure your safety. He cannot hope to 
lay hands on you while you are under Dumbledores 
protection, but all the same, take no risks : Concentrate 
on getting through that maze safely, and then we can 
turn our attention to other matters. 

Harrys nerves mounted as June the twentyfourth 
drew closer, but they were not as bad as those he had 
felt before the first and second tasks. For one thing, 
he was confident that, this time, he had done 
everything in his power to prepare for the task. For 
another, this was the final hurdle, and however well 
or badly he did, the tournament would at last be over, 
which would be an enormous relief. 

Breakfast was a very noisy affair at the Gryffindor 
table on the morning of the third task. The post owls 
appeared, bringing Harry a goodluck card from 
Sirius. It was only a piece of parchment, folded over 
and bearing a muddy paw print on its front, but 
Harry appreciated it all the same. A screech owl 
arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of 
the Daily Prophet as usual. She unfolded the paper, 
glanced at the front , and spat out a mouthful of 
pumpkin juice all over it. 

What? said Harry and Ron together, staring at her. 

Nothing, said Hermione quickly, trying to shove the 
paper out of sight, but Ron grabbed it. He stared at 
the headline and said, No way. Not today. That old 
cow. 

What? said Harry. Rita Skeeter again? 

  675 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, said Ron, and just like Hermione, he attempted 
to push the paper out of sight. 



Its about me, isnt it? said Harry. 

No, said Ron, in an entirely unconvincing tone. 

But before Harry could demand to see the paper, 
Draco Malfoy shouted across the Great Hall from the 
Slytherin table. 

Hey, Potter! Potteri Hows your head? You feeling all 
right? Sure youre not going to go berserk on us? 

Malfoy was holding a copy of the Daily Prophet too. 
Slytherins up and down the table were sniggering, 
twisting in their seats to see Harrys reaction. 

Let me see it, Harry said to Ron. Give it here. 

Very reluctantly, Ron handed over the newspaper. 
Harry turned it over and found himself staring at his 
own picture, beneath the banner headline: 

HARRY POTTER 

DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS 

The boy who defeated HeWhoMustNotBeNamed is 
unstable and possibly dangerous, writes Rita Skeeter, 
Special Correspondent. Alarming evidence has 
recently come to light about Harry Potters strange 
behavior, which casts doubts upon his suitability to 
compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard 
Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School. 

Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal, 
regularly collapses at school, and is often heard to 
complain of pain in the scar on his forehead (relic of the 

  676 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




curse with which YouKnowWho attempted to kill him). 
On Monday last, midway through a Divination lesson, 
your Daily Prophet reporter witnessed Potter storming 
from the class, claiming that his scar was hurting too 
badly to continue studying. 

It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungos Hospital 
for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that Potters brain 
was affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You 
KnowWho, and that his insistence that the scar is 
still hurting is an expression of his deepseated 
confusion. 

He might even be pretending, said one specialist. 
This could be a plea for attention. 

The Daily Prophet, however, has unearthed worrying 
facts about Harry Potter thatAlbus Dumbledore, 
Headmaster of Hogwarts, has carefully concealed from 
the wizarding public. 

Potter can speak Parseltongue,  reveals Draco Malfoy, 
a Hogwarts fourth year. There were a lot of attacks 
on students a couple of years ago, and most people 
thought Potter was behind them after they saw him 
lose his temper at a dueling club and set a snake on 
another boy. It was all hushed up, though. But hes 
made friends with werewolves and giants too. We 
think hed do anything for a bit of power. 

Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes, has 
long been considered a Dark Art. Indeed, the most 
famous Parselmouth of our times is none other than 
YouKnowWho himself. A member of the Dark Force 
Defense League, who wished to remain unnamed, 
stated that he would regard any wizard who could 
speak Parseltongue as worthy of investigation. 
Personally, I would be highly suspicious of anybody 
who could converse with snakes, as serpents are 
  677 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




often used in the worst kinds of Dark Magic, and are 
historically associated with evildoers. Similarly, 
anyone who seeks out the company of such vicious 
creatures as werewolves and giants would appear to 
have a fondness for violence. 

Albus Dumbledore should surely consider whether a 
boy such as this should be allowed to compete in the 
Triwizard Tournament. Some fear that Potter might 
resort to the Dark Arts in his desperation to win the 
tournament, the third task of which takes place this 
evening. 

Gone off me a bit, hasnt she? said Harry lightly, 
folding up the paper. 

Over at the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle 
were laughing at him, tapping their heads with their 
fingers, pulling grotesquely mad faces, and waggling 
their tongues like snakes. 

How did she know your scar hurt in Divination? 

Ron said. Theres no way she was there, theres no 
way she couldve heard   

The window was open, said Harry. I opened it to 
breathe. 

You were at the top of North Tower! Hermione said. 
Your voice couldnt have carried all the way down to 
the grounds! 

Well, youre the one whos supposed to be 
researching magical methods of bugging! said Harry. 
You tell me how she did it! 

Ive been trying! said Hermione. But I ... but ... 



  678 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




An odd, dreamy expression suddenly came over 
Hermione s face. She slowly raised a hand and ran 
her fingers through her hair. 

Are you all right? said Ron, frowning at her. 

Yes, said Hermione breathlessly. She ran her fingers 
through her hair again, and then held her hand up to 
her mouth, as though speaking into an invisible 
walkietalkie. Harry and Ron stared at each other. 

Ive had an idea, Hermione said, gazing into space. 

I think I know . . . because then no one would be able 
to see ... even Moody ... and shed have been able to 
get onto the window ledge ... but shes not allowed ... 
shes definitely not allowed ... I think weve got her! 
Just give me two seconds in the library  just to 
make sure! 

With that, Hermione seized her school bag and 
dashed out of the Great Hall. 

Oi! Ron called after her. Weve got our History of 
Magic exam in ten minutes! Blimey, he said, turning 
back to Harry, she must really hate that Skeeter 
woman to risk missing the start of an exam. Whatre 
you going to do in Binnss class  read again? 

Exempt from the endofterm tests as a Triwizard 
champion, Harry had been sitting in the back of every 
exam class so far, looking up fresh hexes for the third 
task. 

Spose so, Harry said to Ron; but just then, 

Professor McGonagall came walking alongside the 
Gryffindor table toward him. 

Potter, the champions are congregating in the 
chamber off the Hall after breakfast, she said. 

  679 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




But the tasks not till tonight! said Harry, 
accidentally spilling scrambled eggs down his front, 
afraid he had mistaken the time. 

Im aware of that, Potter, she said. The champions 
families are invited to watch the final task, you know. 
This is simply a chance for you to greet them. 

She moved away. Harry gaped after her. 

She doesnt expect the Dursleys to turn up, does 
she? he asked Ron blankly. 

Dunno, said Ron. Harry, Id better hurry, Im going 
to be late for Binns. See you later. 

Harry finished his breakfast in the emptying Great 
Hall. He saw Fleur Delacour get up from the 
Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as he crossed to the 
side chamber and entered. Krum slouched off to join 
them shortly afterward. Harry stayed where he was. 

He really didnt want to go into the chamber. He had 
no family  no family who would turn up to see him 
risk his life, anyway. But just as he was getting up, 
thinking that he might as well go up to the library 
and do a spot more hex research, the door of the side 
chamber opened, and Cedric stuck his head out. 

Harry, come on, theyre waiting for you! 

Utterly perplexed, Harry got up. The Dursleys 
couldnt possibly be here, could they? He walked 
across the Hall and opened the door into the 
chamber. 

Cedric and his parents were just inside the door. 
Viktor Krum was over in a corner, conversing with his 
darkhaired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian. He 
had inherited his fathers hooked nose. On the other 

  680 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




side of the room, Fleur was jabbering away in French 
to her mother. Fleurs little sister, Gabrielle, was 
holding her mothers hand. She waved at Harry, who 
waved back, grinning. Then he saw Mrs. Weasley and 
Bill standing in front of the fireplace, beaming at him. 

Surprise! Mrs. Weasley said excitedly as he smiled 
broadly and walked over to them. Thought wed come 
and watch you, Harry! She bent down and kissed 
him on the cheek. 

You all right? said Bill, grinning at Harry and 
shaking his hand. Charlie wanted to come, but he 
couldnt get time off. He said you were incredible 
against the Horntail. 

Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, was eyeing Bill with 
great interest over her mothers shoulder. Harry could 
tell she had no objection whatsoever to long hair or 
earrings with fangs on them. 

This is really nice of you, Harry muttered to Mrs. 
Weasley. I thought for a moment  the Dursleys   

Hmm, said Mrs. Weasley, pursing her lips. She had 
always refrained from criticizing the Dursleys in front 
of Harry, but her eyes flashed every time they were 
mentioned. 

Its great being back here, said Bill, looking around 
the chamber (Violet, the Fat Ladys friend, winked at 
him from her frame). Havent seen this place for five 
years. Is that picture of the mad knight still around? 
Sir Cadogan? 

Oh yeah, said Harry, who had met Sir Cadogan the 
previous year. 

And the Fat Lady? said Bill. 

  681 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




She was here in my time, said Mrs. Weasley. She 
gave me such a telling off one night when I got back 
to the dormitory at four in the morning   

What were you doing out of your dormitory at four in 
the morning? said Bill, surveying his mother with 
amazement. 

Mrs. Weasley grinned, her eyes twinkling. 

Your father and I had been for a nighttime stroll, 
she said. He got caught by Apollyon Pringle  he 
was the caretaker in those days  your fathers still 
got the marks. 

Fancy giving us a tour, Harry? said Bill. 

Yeah, okay, said Harry, and they made their way 
back toward the door into the Great Hall. As they 
passed Amos Diggory, he looked around. 

There you are, are you? he said, looking Harry up 
and down. Bet youre not feeling quite as full of 
yourself now Cedrics caught you up on points, are 
you? 

What? said Harry. 

Ignore him, said Cedric in a low voice to Harry, 
frowning after his father. Hes been angry ever since 
Rita Skeeters article about the Triwizard Tournament 
 you know, when she made out you were the only 
Hogwarts champion. 

Didnt bother to correct her, though, did he? said 
Amos Diggory, loudly enough for Harry to hear as he 
started to walk out of the door with Mrs. Weasley and 
Bill. Still ... youll show him, Ced. Beaten him once 
before, havent you? 

  682 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Rita Skeeter goes out of her way to cause trouble, 
Amos! Mrs. Weasley said angrily. I would have 
thought youd know that, working at the Ministry! 

Mr. Diggory looked as though he was going to say 
something angry, but his wife laid a hand on his arm, 
and he merely shrugged and turned away. 

Harry had a very enjoyable morning walking over the 
sunny grounds with Bill and Mrs. Weasley, showing 
them the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang 
ship. Mrs. Weasley was intrigued by the Whomping 
Willow, which had been planted after she had left 
school, and reminisced at length about the 
gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg. 

Hows Percy? Harry asked as they walked around 
the greenhouses. 

Not good, said Bill. 

Hes very upset, said Mrs. Weasley, lowering her 
voice and glancing around. The Ministry wants to 
keep Mr. Crouchs disappearance quiet, but Percys 
been hauled in for questioning about the instructions 
Mr. Crouch has been sending in. They seem to think 
theres a chance they werent genuinely written by 
him. Percys been under a lot of strain. Theyre not 
letting him fill in for Mr. Crouch as the fifth judge 
tonight. Cornelius Fudge is going to be doing it. 

They returned to the castle for lunch. 

Mum  Bill! said Ron, looking stunned, as he 
joined the Gryffindor table. What re you doing here? 

Come to watch Harry in the last task! said Mrs. 
Weasley brightly. I must say, it makes a lovely 
change, not having to cook. How was your exam? 

  683 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Oh ... okay, said Ron. Couldnt remember all the 
goblin rebels names, so I invented a few. Its all 
right, he said, helping himself to a Cornish pasty, 
while Mrs. Weasley looked stern, theyre all called 
stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclean; it 
wasnt hard. 

Fred, George, and Ginny came to sit next to them too, 
and Harry was having such a good time he felt almost 
as though he were back at the Burrow; he had 
forgotten to worry about that evenings task, and not 
until Hermione turned up, halfway through lunch, 
did he remember that she had had a brainwave about 
Rita Skeeter. 

Are you going to tell us  ? 

Hermione shook her head warningly and glanced at 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Hello, Hermione, said Mrs. Weasley, much more 
stiffly than usual. 

Hello, said Hermione, her smile faltering at the cold 
expression on Mrs. Weasleys face. 

Harry looked between them, then said, Mrs. Weasley, 
you didnt believe that rubbish Rita Skeeter wrote in 
Witch Weekly, did you? Because Hermione s not my 
girlfriend. 

Oh! said Mrs. Weasley. No  of course I didnt! 

But she became considerably warmer toward 
Hermione after that. 

Harry, Bill, and Mrs. Weasley whiled away the 
afternoon with a long walk around the castle, and 
then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast. 

  684 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge had joined the 
staff table now. Bagman looked quite cheerful, but 
Cornelius Fudge, who was sitting next to Madame 
Maxime, looked stern and was not talking. Madame 
Maxime was concentrating on her plate, and Harry 
thought her eyes looked red. Hagrid kept glancing 
along the table at her. 

There were more courses than usual, but Harry, who 
was starting to feel really nervous now, didnt eat 
much. As the enchanted ceiling overhead began to 
fade from blue to a dusky purple, Dumbledore rose to 
his feet at the staff table, and silence fell. 

Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes time, I will be 
asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch 
field for the third and final task of the Triwizard 
Tournament. Will the champions please follow Mr. 
Bagman down to the stadium now. 

Harry got up. The Gryffindors all along the table were 
applauding him; the Weasleys and Hermione all 
wished him good luck, and he headed off out of the 
Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor. 

Feeling all right, Harry? Bagman asked as they went 
down the stone steps onto the grounds. Confident? 

Im okay, said Harry. It was sort of true; he was 
nervous, but he kept running over all the hexes and 
spells he had been practicing in his mind as they 
walked, and the knowledge that he could remember 
them all made him feel better. 

They walked onto the Quidditch field, which was now 
completely unrecognizable. A twentyfoothigh hedge 
ran all the way around the edge of it. There was a gap 
right in front of them: the entrance to the vast maze. 
The passage beyond it looked dark and creepy. 

  685 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Five minutes later, the stands had begun to fill; the 
air was full of excited voices and the rumbling of feet 
as the hundreds of students filed into their seats. The 
sky was a deep, clear blue now, and the first stars 
were starting to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, 
Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick came 
walking into the stadium and approached Bagman 
and the champions. They were wearing large, red, 
luminous stars on their hats, all except Hagrid, who 
had his on the back of his moleskin vest. 

We are going to be patrolling the outside of the 
maze, said Professor McGonagall to the champions. 
If you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, 
send red sparks into the air, and one of us will come 
and get you, do you understand? 

The champions nodded. 

Off you go, then! said Bagman brightly to the four 
patrollers. 

Good luck, Harry, Hagrid whispered, and the four of 
them walked away in different directions, to station 
themselves around the maze. Bagman now pointed 
his wand at his throat, muttered,  Sonorus, and his 
magically magnified voice echoed into the stands. 

Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the 
Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me 
remind you how the points currently stand! Tied in 
first place, with eightyfive points each  Mr. Cedric 
Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both of Hogwarts 
School! The cheers and applause sent birds from the 
Forbidden Forest fluttering into the darkening sky. 

In second place, with eighty points  Mr. Viktor 
Krum, of Durmstrang Institute! More applause. And 
in third place  Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons 
Academy! 

  686 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry could just make out Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, 
and Hermione applauding Fleur politely, halfway up 
the stands. He waved up at them, and they waved 
back, beaming at him. 

So ... on my whistle, Harry and Cedric! said 
Bagman. Three  two  one   

He gave a short blast on his whistle, and Harry and 
Cedric hurried forward into the maze. 

The towering hedges cast black shadows across the 
path, and, whether because they were so tall and 
thick or because they had been enchanted, the sound 
of the surrounding crowd was silenced the moment 
they entered the maze. Harry felt almost as though he 
were underwater again. He pulled out his wand, 
muttered, Lumos, and heard Cedric do the same 
just behind him. 

After about fifty yards, they reached a fork. They 
looked at each other. 

See you, Harry said, and he took the left one, while 
Cedric took the right. 

Harry heard Bagmans whistle for the second time. 
Krum had entered the maze. Harry sped up. His 
chosen path seemed completely deserted. He turned 
right, and hurried on, holding his wand high over his 
head, trying to see as far ahead as possible. Still, 
there was nothing in sight. 

Bagmans whistle blew in the distance for the third 
time. All of the champions were now inside. 

Harry kept looking behind him. The old feeling that 
he was being watched was upon him. The maze was 



  687 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




growing darker with every passing minute as the sky 
overhead deepened to navy. He reached a second fork. 

 Point Me, he whispered to his wand, holding it flat in 
his palm. 

The wand spun around once and pointed toward his 
right, into solid hedge. That way was north, and he 
knew that he needed to go northwest for the center of 
the maze. The best he could do was to take the left 
fork and go right again as soon as possible. 

The path ahead was empty too, and when Harry 
reached a right turn and took it, he again found his 
way unblocked. Harry didnt know why, but the lack 
of obstacles was unnerving him. Surely he should 
have met something by now? It felt as though the 
maze were luring him into a false sense of security. 
Then he heard movement right behind him. He held 
out his wand, ready to attack, but its beam fell only 
upon Cedric, who had just hurried out of a path on 
the righthand side. Cedric looked severely shaken. 
The sleeve of his robe was smoking. 

Hagrids BlastEnded Skrewts! he hissed. Theyre 
enormous  I only just got away! 

He shook his head and dived out of sight, along 
another path. Keen to put plenty of distance between 
himself and the skrewts, Harry hurried off again. 
Then, as he turned a corner, he saw ... a dementor 
gliding toward him. Twelve feet tall, its face hidden by 
its hood, its rotting, scabbed hands outstretched, it 
advanced, sensing its way blindly toward him. Harry 
could hear its rattling breath; he felt clammy coldness 
stealing over him, but knew what he had to do. ... 

He summoned the happiest thought he could, 
concentrated with all his might on the thought of 

  688 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and 
Hermione, raised his wand, and cried, Expecto 
Patronum). 

A silver stag erupted from the end of Harrys wand 
and galloped toward the dementor, which fell back 
and tripped over the hem of its robes. ... Harry had 
never seen a dementor stumble. 

Hang on! he shouted, advancing in the wake of his 
silver Patronus. Youre a boggart! Riddikulusl 

There was a loud crack, and the shapeshifter 
exploded in a wisp of smoke. The silver stag faded 
from sight. Harry wished it could have stayed, he 
could have used some company . . . but he moved on, 
quickly and quietly as possible, listening hard, his 
wand held high once more. 

Left . . . right . . . left again . . . Twice he found himself 
facing dead ends. He did the FourPoint Spell again 
and found that he was going too far east. He turned 
back, took a right turn, and saw an odd golden mist 
floating ahead of him. 

Harry approached it cautiously, pointing the wands 
beam at it. This looked like some kind of 
enchantment. He wondered whether he might be able 
to blast it out of the way. 

Reductol he said. 

The spell shot straight through the mist, leaving it 
intact. He supposed he should have known better; the 
Reductor Curse was for solid objects. What would 
happen if he walked through the mist? Was it worth 
chancing it, or should he double back? 



  689 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He was still hesitating when a scream shattered the 
silence. 



Fleur? Harry yelled. 

There was silence. He stared all around him. What 
had happened to her? Her scream seemed to have 
come from somewhere ahead. He took a deep breath 
and ran through the enchanted mist. 

The world turned upside down. Harry was hanging 
from the ground, with his hair on end, his glasses 
dangling off his nose, threatening to fall into the 
bottomless sky. He clutched them to the end of his 
nose and hung there, terrified. It felt as though his 
feet were glued to the grass, which had now become 
the ceiling. Below him the dark, starspangled 
heavens stretched endlessly. He felt as though if he 
tried to move one of his feet, he would fall away from 
the earth completely. 

Think , he told himself, as all the blood rushed to his 
head, think ... 

But not one of the spells he had practiced had been 
designed to combat a sudden reversal of ground and 
sky. Did he dare move his foot? He could hear the 
blood pounding in his ears. He had two choices  try 
and move, or send up red sparks, and get rescued 
and disqualified from the task. 

He shut his eyes, so he wouldnt be able to see the 
view of endless space below him, and pulled his right 
foot as hard as he could away from the grassy ceiling. 

Immediately, the world righted itself. Harry fell 
forward onto his knees onto the wonderfully solid 
ground. He felt temporarily limp with shock. He took 
a deep, steadying breath, then got up again and 

  690 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




hurried forward, looking back over his shoulder as he 
ran away from the golden mist, which twinkled 
innocently at him in the moonlight. 

He paused at a junction of two paths and looked 
around for some sign of Fleur. He was sure it had 
been she who had screamed. What had she met? Was 
she all right? There was no sign of red sparks  did 
that mean she had got herself out of trouble, or was 
she in such trouble that she couldnt reach her 
wand? Harry took the right fork with a feeling of 
increasing unease ... but at the same time, he 
couldnt help thinking, One champion down ... 

The cup was somewhere close by, and it sounded as 
though Fleur was no longer in the running. Hed got 
this far, hadnt he? What if he actually managed to 
win? Fleetingly, and for the first time since hed found 
himself champion, he saw again that image of 
himself, raising the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest 
of the school. ... 

He met nothing for ten minutes, but kept running 
into dead ends. Twice he took the same wrong 
turning. Finally, he found a new route and started to 
jog along it, his wandlight waving, making his shadow 
flicker and distort on the hedge walls. Then he 
rounded another corner and found himself facing a 
BlastEnded Skrewt. 

Cedric was right  it was enormous. Ten feet long, it 
looked more like a giant scorpion than anything. Its 
long sting was curled over its back. Its thick armor 
glinted in the light from Harrys wand, which he 
pointed at it. 

Stupefy'. 



  691 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The spell hit the skrewts armor and rebounded; 

Harry ducked just in time, but could smell burning 
hair; it had singed the top of his head. The skrewt 
issued a blast of fire from its end and flew forward 
toward him. 

 Impedimental  Harry yelled. The spell hit the skrewts 
armor again and ricocheted off; Harry staggered back 
a few paces and fell over. a IMPEDIMENT A\ 

The skrewt was inches from him when it froze  he 
had managed to hit it on its fleshy, shellless 
underside. Panting, Harry pushed himself away from 
it and ran, hard, in the opposite direction  the 
Impediment Curse was not permanent; the skrewt 
would be regaining the use of its legs at any moment. 

He took a left path and hit a dead end, a right, and 
hit another; forcing himself to stop, heart hammering, 
he performed the FourPoint Spell again, 
backtracked, and chose a path that would take him 
northwest. 

He had been hurrying along the new path for a few 
minutes, when he heard something in the path 
running parallel to his own that made him stop dead. 

What are you doing? yelled Cedrics voice. What the 
hell dyou think youre doing? 

And then Harry heard Krums voice. 

 Crucio \  

The air was suddenly full of Cedrics yells. Horrified, 
Harry began sprinting up his path, trying to find a 
way into Cedrics. When none appeared, he tried the 
Reductor Curse again. It wasnt very effective, but it 
burned a small hole in the hedge through which 
  692 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry forced his leg, kicking at the thick brambles 
and branches until they broke and made an opening; 
he struggled through it, tearing his robes, and looking 
to his right, saw Cedric jerking and twitching on the 
ground, Krum standing over him. 

Harry pulled himself up and pointed his wand at 
Krum just as Krum looked up. Krum turned and 
began to run. 

 Stupefy] Harry yelled. 

The spell hit Krum in the back; he stopped dead in 
his tracks, fell forward, and lay motionless, facedown 
in the grass. Harry dashed over to Cedric, who had 
stopped twitching and was lying there panting, his 
hands over his face. 

Are you all right? Harry said roughly, grabbing 
Cedrics arm. 

Yeah, panted Cedric. Yeah ... I dont believe it ... he 
crept up behind me. ... I heard him, I turned around, 
and he had his wand on me. ... 

Cedric got up. He was still shaking. He and Harry 
looked down at Krum. 

I cant believe this ... I thought he was all right, 
Harry said, staring at Krum. 

So did I, said Cedric. 

Did you hear Fleur scream earlier? said Harry. 

Yeah, said Cedric. You dont think Krum got her 
too? 

I dont know, said Harry slowly. 

  693 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Should we leave him here? Cedric muttered. 



No, said Harry. I reckon we should send up red 
sparks. Someonell come and collect him ... otherwise 
hell probably be eaten by a skrewt. 

Hed deserve it, Cedric muttered, but all the same, 
he raised his wand and shot a shower of red sparks 
into the air, which hovered high above Krum, marking 
the spot where he lay. 

Harry and Cedric stood there in the darkness for a 
moment, looking around them. Then Cedric said, 

Well ... I spose wed better go on . ... 

What? said Harry. Oh ... yeah ... right ... 

It was an odd moment. He and Cedric had been 
briefly united against Krum  now the fact that they 
were opponents came back to Harry. The two of them 
proceeded up the dark path without speaking, then 
Harry turned left, and Cedric right. Cedrics footsteps 
soon died away. 

Harry moved on, continuing to use the FourPoint 
Spell, making sure he was moving in the right 
direction. It was between him and Cedric now. His 
desire to reach the cup first was now burning 
stronger than ever, but he could hardly believe what 
hed just seen Krum do. The use of an Unforgivable 
Curse on a fellow human being meant a life term in 
Azkaban, that was what Moody had told them. Krum 
surely couldnt have wanted the Triwizard Cup that 
badly. ... Harry sped up. 

Every so often he hit more dead ends, but the 
increasing darkness made him feel sure he was 
getting near the heart of the maze. Then, as he strode 
down a long, straight path, he saw movement once 

  694 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




again, and his beam of wandlight hit an extraordinary 
creature, one which he had only seen in picture form, 
in his Monster Book of Monsters. 

It was a sphinx. It had the body of an overlarge lion: 
great clawed paws and a long yellowish tail ending in 
a brown tuft. Its head, however, was that of a woman. 
She turned her long, almondshaped eyes upon Harry 
as he approached. He raised his wand, hesitating. 

She was not crouching as if to spring, but pacing 
from side to side of the path, blocking his progress. 
Then she spoke, in a deep, hoarse voice. 

You are very near your goal. The quickest way is past 
me. 

So ... so will you move, please? said Harry, knowing 
what the answer was going to be. 

No, she said, continuing to pace. Not unless you 
can answer my riddle. Answer on your first guess  I 
let you pass. Answer wrongly  I attack. Remain 
silent  I will let you walk away from me unscathed. 

Harrys stomach slipped several notches. It was 
Hermione who was good at this sort of thing, not him. 
He weighed his chances. If the riddle was too hard, he 
could keep silent, get away from the sphinx 
unharmed, and try and find an alternative route to 
the center. 

Okay, he said. Can I hear the riddle? 

The sphinx sat down upon her hind legs, in the very 
middle of the path, and recited: 

First think of the person who lives in disguise, 



Who deals in secrets and tells naught but lies. 

  695 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Next, tell me whats always the last thing to mend, 

The middle of middle and end of the end? 

And finally give me the sound often heard 
During the search for a hardtofind word. 

Now string them together, and answer me this, 

Which creature would you be unwilling to kiss? 

Harry gaped at her. 

Could I have it again . . . more slowly? he asked 
tentatively. 

She blinked at him, smiled, and repeated the poem. 

All the clues add up to a creature I wouldnt want to 
kiss? Harry asked. 

She merely smiled her mysterious smile. Harry took 
that for a yes. Harry cast his mind around. There 
were plenty of animals he wouldnt want to kiss; his 
immediate thought was a BlastEnded Skrewt, but 
something told him that wasnt the answer. Hed have 
to try and work out the clues. ... 

A person in disguise, Harry muttered, staring at her, 
who lies ... er ... thatd be a  an imposter. No, 
thats not my guess! A  a spy? Ill come back to that 
. . . could you give me the next clue again, please? 

She repeated the next lines of the poem. 

 The last thing to mend,  Harry repeated. Er ... no 
idea ... middle of middle ... could I have the last bit 
again? 

  696 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




She gave him the last four lines. 

 The sound often heard during the search for a hard 
tofind word,  said Harry. Er ... thatd be ... er ... 
hang on  er! Ers a sound! 

The sphinx smiled at him. 

Spy ... er ... spy ... er ... said Harry, pacing up and 
down. A creature I wouldnt want to kiss ... a spiderl 

The sphinx smiled more broadly. She got up, 
stretched her front legs, and then moved aside for 
him to pass. 

Thanks! said Harry, and, amazed at his own 
brilliance, he dashed forward. 

He had to be close now, he had to be. ... His wand 
was telling him he was bang on course; as long as he 
didnt meet anything too horrible, he might have a 
chance. ... 

Harry broke into a run. He had a choice of paths up 
ahead. Point Mel he whispered again to his wand, 
and it spun around and pointed him to the right 
hand one. He dashed up this one and saw light 
ahead. 

The Triwizard Cup was gleaming on a plinth a 
hundred yards away. Suddenly a dark figure hurtled 
out onto the path in front of him. 

Cedric was going to get there first. Cedric was 
sprinting as fast as he could toward the cup, and 
Harry knew he would never catch up, Cedric was 
much taller, had much longer legs  



  697 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Then Harry saw something immense over a hedge to 
his left, moving quickly along a path that intersected 
with his own; it was moving so fast Cedric was about 
to run into it, and Cedric, his eyes on the cup, had 
not seen it  

Cedric! Harry bellowed. On your left! 

Cedric looked around just in time to hurl himself past 
the thing and avoid colliding with it, but in his haste, 
he tripped. Harry saw Cedrics wand fly out of his 
hand as a gigantic spider stepped into the path and 
began to bear down upon Cedric. 

Stupefy'. Harry yelled; the spell hit the spiders 
gigantic, hairy black body, but for all the good it did, 
he might as well have thrown a stone at it; the spider 
jerked, scuttled around, and ran at Harry instead. 

 Stupefy ! Impedimenta ! Stupefy ! 

But it was no use  the spider was either so large, or 
so magical, that the spells were doing no more than 
aggravating it. Harry had one horrifying glimpse of 
eight shining black eyes and razorsharp pincers 
before it was upon him. 

He was lifted into the air in its front legs; struggling 
madly, he tried to kick it; his leg connected with the 
pincers and next moment he was in excruciating 
pain. He could hear Cedric yelling Stupefy'. too, but 
his spell had no more effect than Harrys  Harry 
raised his wand as the spider opened its pincers once 
more and shouted  Expelliarmus'. 

It worked  the Disarming Spell made the spider 
drop him, but that meant that Harry fell twelve feet 
onto his already injured leg, which crumpled beneath 
him. Without pausing to think, he aimed high at the 

  698 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




spiders underbelly, as he had done with the skrewt, 
and shouted Stupefyl just as Cedric yelled the same 
thing. 

The two spells combined did what one alone had not: 
The spider keeled over sideways, flattening a nearby 
hedge, and strewing the path with a tangle of hairy 
legs. 

Harry! he heard Cedric shouting. You all right? Did 
it fall on you? 

No, Harry called back, panting. He looked down at 
his leg. It was bleeding freely. He could see some sort 
of thick, gluey secretion from the spiders pincers on 
his torn robes. He tried to get up, but his leg was 
shaking badly and did not want to support his weight. 
He leaned against the hedge, gasping for breath, and 
looked around. 

Cedric was standing feet from the Triwizard Cup, 
which was gleaming behind him. 

Take it, then, Harry panted to Cedric. Go on, take 
it. Youre there. 

But Cedric didnt move. He merely stood there, 
looking at Harry. Then he turned to stare at the cup. 
Harry saw the longing expression on his face in its 
golden light. Cedric looked around at Harry again, 
who was now holding onto the hedge to support 
himself. Cedric took a deep breath. 

You take it. You should win. Thats twice youve 
saved my neck in here. 

Thats not how its supposed to work, Harry said. He 
felt angry; his leg was very painful, he was aching all 
over from trying to throw off the spider, and after all 

  699 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




his efforts, Cedric had beaten him to it, just as hed 
beaten Harry to ask Cho to the ball. The one who 
reaches the cup first gets the points. Thats you. Im 
telling you, Im not going to win any races on this leg. 

Cedric took a few paces nearer to the Stunned spider, 
away from the cup, shaking his head. 

No, he said. 

Stop being noble, said Harry irritably. Just take it, 
then we can get out of here. 

Cedric watched Harry steadying himself, holding tight 
to the hedge. 

You told me about the dragons, Cedric said. I 
wouldve gone down in the first task if you hadnt told 
me what was coming. 

I had help on that too, Harry snapped, trying to mop 
up his bloody leg with his robes. You helped me with 
the egg  were square. 

I had help on the egg in the first place, said Cedric. 

Were still square, said Harry, testing his leg 
gingerly; it shook violently as he put weight on it; he 
had sprained his ankle when the spider had dropped 
him. 

You shouldve got more points on the second task, 
said Cedric mulishly. You stayed behind to get all the 
hostages. I shouldve done that. 

I was the only one who was thick enough to take that 
song seriously! said Harry bitterly. Just take the 
cup! 



  700 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




No, said Cedric. 



He stepped over the spiders tangled legs to join 
Harry, who stared at him. Cedric was serious. He was 
walking away from the sort of glory Hufflepuff House 
hadnt had in centuries. 

Go on, Cedric said. He looked as though this was 
costing him every ounce of resolution he had, but his 
face was set, his arms were folded, he seemed 
decided. 

Harry looked from Cedric to the cup. For one shining 
moment, he saw himself emerging from the maze, 
holding it. He saw himself holding the Triwizard Cup 
aloft, heard the roar of the crowd, saw Chos face 
shining with admiration, more clearly than he had 
ever seen it before ... and then the picture faded, and 
he found himself staring at Cedrics shadowy, 
stubborn face. 

Both of us, Harry said. 

What? 

Well take it at the same time. Its still a Hogwarts 
victory. Well tie for it. 

Cedric stared at Harry. He unfolded his arms. 

You  you sure? 

Yeah, said Harry. Yeah ... weve helped each other 
out, havent we? We both got here. Lets just take it 
together. 

For a moment, Cedric looked as though he couldnt 
believe his ears; then his face split in a grin. 

  701 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




Youre on, he said. Come here. 

He grabbed Harrys arm below the shoulder and 
helped Harry limp toward the plinth where the cup 
stood. When they had reached it, they both held a 
hand out over one of the cups gleaming handles. 

On three, right? said Harry. One  two  three   

He and Cedric both grasped a handle. 

Instantly, Harry felt a jerk somewhere behind his 
navel. His feet had left the ground. He could not 
unclench the hand holding the Triwizard Cup; it was 
pulling him onward in a howl of wind and swirling 
color, Cedric at his side. 



  702 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






FLESH, BLOOD, AND BONE 

Harry felt his feet slam into the ground; his injured 
leg gave way, and he fell forward; his hand let go of 
the Triwizard Cup at last. He raised his head. 

Where are we? he said. 

Cedric shook his head. He got up, pulled Harry to his 
feet, and they looked around. 

They had left the Hogwarts grounds completely; they 
had obviously traveled miles  perhaps hundreds of 
miles  for even the mountains surrounding the 
castle were gone. They were standing instead in a 
dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a 
small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to 
their right. A hill rose above them to their left. Harry 
could just make out the outline of a fine old house on 
the hillside. 

Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then up 
at Harry. 



  703 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Did anyone tell you the cup was a Portkey? he 
asked. 

Nope, said Harry. He was looking around the 
graveyard. It was completely silent and slightly eerie. 
Is this supposed to be part of the task? 

I dunno, said Cedric. He sounded slightly nervous. 
Wands out, dyou reckon? 

Yeah, said Harry, glad that Cedric had made the 
suggestion rather than him. 

They pulled out their wands. Harry kept looking 
around him. He had, yet again, the strange feeling 
that they were being watched. 

Someones coming, he said suddenly. 

Squinting tensely through the darkness, they watched 
the figure drawing nearer, walking steadily toward 
them between the graves. Harry couldnt make out a 
face, but from the way it was walking and holding its 
arms, he could tell that it was carrying something. 
Whoever it was, he was short, and wearing a hooded 
cloak pulled up over his head to obscure his face. And 
 several paces nearer, the gap between them closing 
all the time  Harry saw that the thing in the 
persons arms looked like a baby ... or was it merely a 
bundle of robes? 

Harry lowered his wand slightly and glanced sideways 
at Cedric. Cedric shot him a quizzical look. They both 
turned back to watch the approaching figure. 

It stopped beside a towering marble headstone, only 
six feet from them. For a second, Harry and Cedric 
and the short figure simply looked at one another. 



  704 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And then, without warning, Harrys scar exploded 
with pain. It was agony such as he had never felt in 
all his life; his wand slipped from his fingers as he put 
his hands over his face; his knees buckled; he was on 
the ground and he could see nothing at all; his head 
was about to split open. 

From far away, above his head, he heard a high, cold 
voice say, Kill the spare. 

A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched 
the words to the night: Avada KedavraV 

A blast of green light blazed through Harrys eyelids, 
and he heard something heavy fall to the ground 
beside him; the pain in his scar reached such a pitch 
that he retched, and then it diminished; terrified of 
what he was about to see, he opened his stinging 
eyes. 

Cedric was lying spreadeagled on the ground beside 
him. He was dead. 

For a second that contained an eternity, Harry stared 
into Cedrics face, at his open gray eyes, blank and 
expressionless as the windows of a deserted house, at 
his halfopen mouth, which looked slightly surprised. 
And then, before Harrys mind had accepted what he 
was seeing, before he could feel anything but numb 
disbelief, he felt himself being pulled to his feet. 

The short man in the cloak had put down his bundle, 
lit his wand, and was dragging Harry toward the 
marble headstone. Harry saw the name upon it 
flickering in the wandlight before he was forced 
around and slammed against it. 

TOM RIDDLE 



  705 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The cloaked man was now conjuring tight cords 
around Harry, tying him from neck to ankles to the 
headstone. Harry could hear shallow, fast breathing 
from the depths of the hood; he struggled, and the 
man hit him  hit him with a hand that had a finger 
missing. And Harry realized who was under the hood. 
It was Wormtail. 

You! he gasped. 

But Wormtail, who had finished conjuring the ropes, 
did not reply; he was busy checking the tightness of 
the cords, his fingers trembling uncontrollably, 
fumbling over the knots. Once sure that Harry was 
bound so tightly to the headstone that he couldnt 
move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of some black 
material from the inside of his cloak and stuffed it 
roughly into Harrys mouth; then, without a word, he 
turned from Harry and hurried away. Harry couldnt 
make a sound, nor could he see where Wormtail had 
gone; he couldnt turn his head to see beyond the 
headstone; he could see only what was right in front 
of him. 

Cedrics body was lying some twenty feet away. Some 
way beyond him, glinting in the starlight, lay the 
Triwizard Cup. Harrys wand was on the ground at 
Cedrics feet. The bundle of robes that Harry had 
thought was a baby was close by, at the foot of the 
grave. It seemed to be stirring fretfully. Harry watched 
it, and his scar seared with pain again . . . and he 
suddenly knew that he didnt want to see what was in 
those robes ... he didnt want that bundle opened. ... 

He could hear noises at his feet. He looked down and 
saw a gigantic snake slithering through the grass, 
circling the headstone where he was tied. Wormtails 
fast, wheezy breathing was growing louder again. It 
sounded as though he was forcing something heavy 
  706 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




across the ground. Then he came back within Harrys 
range of vision, and Harry saw him pushing a stone 
cauldron to the foot of the grave. It was full of what 
seemed to be water  Harry could hear it slopping 
around  and it was larger than any cauldron Harry 
had ever used; a great stone belly large enough for a 
fullgrown man to sit in. 

The thing inside the bundle of robes on the ground 
was stirring more persistently, as though it was trying 
to free itself. Now Wormtail was busying himself at 
the bottom of the cauldron with a wand. Suddenly 
there were crackling flames beneath it. The large 
snake slithered away into the darkness. 

The liquid in the cauldron seemed to heat very fast. 
The surface began not only to bubble, but to send out 
fiery sparks, as though it were on fire. Steam was 
thickening, blurring the outline of Wormtail tending 
the fire. The movements beneath the robes became 
more agitated. And Harry heard the high, cold voice 
again. 

Hurry\ 

The whole surface of the water was alight with sparks 
now. It might have been encrusted with diamonds. 

It is ready, Master. 

Now ... said the cold voice. 

Wormtail pulled open the robes on the ground, 
revealing what was inside them, and Harry let out a 
yell that was strangled in the wad of material blocking 
his mouth. 

It was as though Wormtail had flipped over a stone 
and revealed something ugly, slimy, and blind  but 

  707 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




worse, a hundred times worse. The thing Wormtail 
had been carrying had the shape of a crouched 
human child, except that Harry had never seen 
anything less like a child. It was hairless and scaly  
looking, a dark, raw, reddish black. Its arms and legs 
were thin and feeble, and its face  no child alive 
ever had a face like that  flat and snakelike, with 
gleaming red eyes. 

The thing seemed almost helpless; it raised its thin 
arms, put them around Wormtails neck, and 
Wormtail lifted it. As he did so, his hood fell back, 
and Harry saw the look of revulsion on Wormtails 
weak, pale face in the firelight as he carried the 
creature to the rim of the cauldron. For one moment, 
Harry saw the evil, flat face illuminated in the sparks 
dancing on the surface of the potion. And then 
Wormtail lowered the creature into the cauldron; 
there was a hiss, and it vanished below the surface; 
Harry heard its frail body hit the bottom with a soft 
thud. 

Let it drown, Harry thought, his scar burning almost 
past endurance, please ... let it drown. ... 

Wormtail was speaking. His voice shook; he seemed 
frightened beyond his wits. He raised his wand, 
closed his eyes, and spoke to the night. 

Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew 
your son! 

The surface of the grave at Harrys feet cracked. 
Horrified, Harry watched as a fine trickle of dust rose 
into the air at Wormtails command and fell softly into 
the cauldron. The diamond surface of the water broke 
and hissed; it sent sparks in all directions and turned 
a vivid, poisonouslooking blue. 



  708 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




And now Wormtail was whimpering. He pulled a long, 
thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak. His 
voice broke into petrified sobs. 

 Flesh  of the servant  wwillingly given  you will 
 revive  your master. 

He stretched his right hand out in front of him  the 
hand with the missing finger. He gripped the dagger 
very tightly in his left hand and swung it upward. 

Harry realized what Wormtail was about to do a 
second before it happened  he closed his eyes as 
tightly as he could, but he could not block the scream 
that pierced the night, that went through Harry as 
though he had been stabbed with the dagger too. He 
heard something fall to the ground, heard Wormtails 
anguished panting, then a sickening splash, as 
something was dropped into the cauldron. Harry 
couldnt stand to look ... but the potion had turned a 
burning red; the light of it shone through Harrys 
closed eyelids... 

Wormtail was gasping and moaning with agony. Not 
until Harry felt Wormtails anguished breath on his 
face did he realize that Wormtail was right in front of 
him. 

Bblood of the enemy ... forcibly taken ... you will ... 
resurrect your foe. 

Harry could do nothing to prevent it, he was tied too 
tightly. ... Squinting down, struggling hopelessly at 
the ropes binding him, he saw the shining silver 
dagger shaking in Wormtails remaining hand. He felt 
its point penetrate the crook of his right arm and 
blood seeping down the sleeve of his torn robes. 
Wormtail, still panting with pain, fumbled in his 



  709 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




pocket for a glass vial and held it to Harrys cut, so 
that a dribble of blood fell into it. 

He staggered back to the cauldron with Harrys blood. 
He poured it inside. The liquid within turned, 
instantly, a blinding white. Wormtail, his job done, 
dropped to his knees beside the cauldron, then 
slumped sideways and lay on the ground, cradling the 
bleeding stump of his arm, gasping and sobbing. 

The cauldron was simmering, sending its diamond 
sparks in all directions, so blindingly bright that it 
turned all else to velvety blackness. Nothing 
happened. ... 

Let it have drowned, Harry thought, let it have gone 
wrong. ... 

And then, suddenly, the sparks emanating from the 
cauldron were extinguished. A surge of white steam 
billowed thickly from the cauldron instead, 
obliterating everything in front of Harry, so that he 
couldnt see Wormtail or Cedric or anything but vapor 
hanging in the air. . . Its gone wrong, he thought . . . its 
drowned . . . please . . . please let it be dead. . . 

But then, through the mist in front of him, he saw, 
with an icy surge of terror, the dark outline of a man, 
tall and skeletally thin, rising slowly from inside the 
cauldron. 

Robe me, said the high, cold voice from behind the 
steam, and Wormtail, sobbing and moaning, still 
cradling his mutilated arm, scrambled to pick up the 
black robes from the ground, got to his feet, reached 
up, and pulled them onehanded over his masters 
head. 



  710 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The thin man stepped out of the cauldron, staring at 
Harry . . . and Harry stared back into the face that had 
haunted his nightmares for three years. Whiter than a 
skull, with wide, livid scarlet eyes and a nose that 
was flat as a snakes with slits for nostrils ... 

Lord Voldemort had risen again. 



  711 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE DEATH EATERS 

Voldemort looked away from Harry and began 
examining his own body. His hands were like large, 
pale spiders; his long white fingers caressed his own 
chest, his arms, his face; the red eyes, whose pupils 
were slits, like a cats, gleamed still more brightly 
through the darkness. He held up his hands and 
flexed the fingers, his expression rapt and exultant. 

He took not the slightest notice of Wormtail, who lay 
twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great 
snake, which had slithered back into sight and was 
circling Harry again, hissing. Voldemort slipped one of 
those unnaturally longfingered hands into a deep 
pocket and drew out a wand. He caressed it gently 
too; and then he raised it, and pointed it at Wormtail, 
who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the 
headstone where Harry was tied; he fell to the foot of 
it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. Voldemort 
turned his scarlet eyes upon Harry, laughing a high, 
cold, mirthless laugh. 

Wormtails robes were shining with blood now; he had 
wrapped the stump of his arm in them. 

  712 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



My Lord ... he choked, my Lord ... you promised ... 
you did promise ... 

Hold out your arm, said Voldemort lazily. 

Oh Master ... thank you, Master ... 

He extended the bleeding stump, but Voldemort 
laughed again. 

The other arm, Wormtail. 

Master, please ... please ... 

Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtails left 
arm; he forced the sleeve of Wormtails robes up past 
his elbow, and Harry saw something upon the skin 
there, something like a vivid red tattoo  a skull with 
a snake protruding from its mouth  the image that 
had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: 
the Dark Mark. Voldemort examined it carefully, 
ignoring Wormtails uncontrollable weeping. 

It is back, he said softly, they will all have noticed it 
... and now, we shall see ... now we shall know ... 

He pressed his long white forefinger to the brand on 
Wormtails arm. 

The scar on Harrys forehead seared with a sharp 
pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl; 
Voldemort removed his fingers from Wormtails mark, 
and Harry saw that it had turned jet black. 

A look of cruel satisfaction on his face, Voldemort 
straightened up, threw back his head, and stared 
around at the dark graveyard. 



  713 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




How many will be brave enough to return when they 
feel it? he whispered, his gleaming red eyes fixed 
upon the stars. And how many will be foolish enough 
to stay away? 

He began to pace up and down before Harry and 
Wormtail, eyes sweeping the graveyard all the while. 
After a minute or so, he looked down at Harry again, 
a cruel smile twisting his snakelike face. 

You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late 
father, he hissed softly. A Muggle and a fool ... very 
like your dear mother. But they both had their uses, 
did they not? Your mother died to defend you as a 
child . . . and I killed my father, and see how useful he 
has proved himself, in death. ... 

Voldemort laughed again. Up and down he paced, 
looking all around him as he walked, and the snake 
continued to circle in the grass. 

You see that house upon the hillside, Potter? My 
father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here 
in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned 
her when she told him what she was. ... He didnt like 
magic, my father . . . 

He left her and returned to his Muggle parents before 
I was even born, Potter, and she died giving birth to 
me, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanage ... 
but I vowed to find him ... I revenged myself upon 
him, that fool who gave me his name . . . Tom Riddle. 



Still he paced, his red eyes darting from grave to 
grave. 



  714 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Listen to me, reliving family history ... he said 
quietly, why, I am growing quite sentimental. ... But 
look, Harry! My true family returns. ... 

The air was suddenly full of the swishing of cloaks. 
Between graves, behind the yew tree, in every 
shadowy space, wizards were Apparating. All of them 
were hooded and masked. And one by one they moved 
forward . . . slowly, cautiously, as though they could 
hardly believe their eyes. Voldemort stood in silence, 
waiting for them. Then one of the Death Eaters fell to 
his knees, crawled toward Voldemort, and kissed the 
hem of his black robes. 

Master ... Master ... he murmured. 

The Death Eaters behind him did the same; each of 
them approaching Voldemort on his knees and 
kissing his robes, before backing away and standing 
up, forming a silent circle, which enclosed Tom 
Riddles grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and 
twitching heap that was Wormtail. Yet they left gaps 
in the circle, as though waiting for more people. 
Voldemort, however, did not seem to expect more. He 
looked around at the hooded faces, and though there 
was no wind, a rustling seemed to run around the 
circle, as though it had shivered. 

Welcome, Death Eaters, said Voldemort quietly. 
Thirteen years ... thirteen years since last we met. 

Yet you answer my call as though it were yesterday. 

... We are still united under the Dark Mark, then! Or 
are we? 

He put back his terrible face and sniffed, his slitlike 
nostrils widening. 

I smell guilt, he said. There is a stench of guilt 
upon the air. 

  715 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




A second shiver ran around the circle, as though each 
member of it longed, but did not dare, to step back 
from him. 

I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers 
intact  such prompt appearances!  and I ask 
myself . . . why did this band of wizards never come to 
the aid of their master, to whom they swore eternal 
loyalty? 

No one spoke. No one moved except Wormtail, who 
was upon the ground, still sobbing over his bleeding 
arm. 

And I answer myself, whispered Voldemort, they 
must have believed me broken, they thought I was 
gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they 
pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment. 



And then I ask myself, but how could they have 
believed I would not rise again? They, who knew the 
steps I took, long ago, to guard myself against mortal 
death? They, who had seen proofs of the immensity of 
my power in the times when I was mightier than any 
wizard living? 

And I answer myself, perhaps they believed a still 
greater power could exist, one that could vanquish 
even Lord Voldemort ... perhaps they now pay 
allegiance to another . . . perhaps that champion of 
commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus 
Dumbledore? 

At the mention of Dumbledores name, the members 
of the circle stirred, and some muttered and shook 
their heads. Voldemort ignored them. 



  716 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




It is a disappointment to me ... I confess myself 
disappointed. ... 

One of the men suddenly flung himself forward, 
breaking the circle. Trembling from head to foot, he 
collapsed at Voldemorts feet. 

Master! he shrieked, Master, forgive me! Forgive us 
all! 

Voldemort began to laugh. He raised his wand. 

 Cruciol  

The Death Eater on the ground writhed and shrieked; 
Harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses 
around. ... Let the police come, he thought desperately 
... anyone ... anything ... 



Voldemort raised his wand. The tortured Death Eater 
lay flat upon the ground, gasping. 

Get up, Avery, said Voldemort softly. Stand up. You 
ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. 
Thirteen long years ... I want thirteen years 
repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail here has 
paid some of his debt already, have you not, 
Wormtail? 

He looked down at Wormtail, who continued to sob. 

You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear 
of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. 
You know that, dont you? 

Yes, Master, moaned Wormtail, please, Master ... 
please ... 



  717 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Yet you helped return me to my body, said 
Voldemort coolly, watching Wormtail sob on the 
ground. Worthless and traitorous as you are, you 
helped me . . . and Lord Voldemort rewards his 
helpers. ... 

Voldemort raised his wand again and whirled it 
through the air. A streak of what looked like molten 
silver hung shining in the wands wake. Momentarily 
shapeless, it writhed and then formed itself into a 
gleaming replica of a human hand, bright as 
moonlight, which soared downward and fixed itself 
upon Wormtails bleeding wrist. 

Wormtails sobbing stopped abruptly. His breathing 
harsh and ragged, he raised his head and stared in 
disbelief at the silver hand, now attached seamlessly 
to his arm, as though he were wearing a dazzling 
glove. He flexed the shining fingers, then, trembling, 
picked up a small twig on the ground and crushed it 
into powder. 

My Lord, he whispered. Master ... it is beautiful ... 
thank you ... thank you. ... 

He scrambled forward on his knees and kissed the 
hem of Voldemorts robes. 

May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail, said 
Voldemort. 

No, my Lord ... never, my Lord ... 

Wormtail stood up and took his place in the circle, 
staring at his powerful new hand, his face still 
shining with tears. Voldemort now approached the 
man on Wormtails right. 



  718 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Lucius, my slippery friend, he whispered, halting 
before him. I am told that you have not renounced 
the old ways, though to the world you present a 
respectable face. You are still ready to take the lead in 
a spot of Muggletorture, I believe? Yet you never tried 
to find me, Lucius. ... Your exploits at the Quidditch 
World Cup were fun, I daresay ... but might not your 
energies have been better directed toward finding and 
aiding your master? 

My Lord, I was constantly on the alert, came Lucius 
Malfoys voice swiftly from beneath the hood. Had 
there been any sign from you, any whisper of your 
whereabouts, I would have been at your side 
immediately, nothing could have prevented me   

And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful 
Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer? said 
Voldemort lazily, and Mr. Malfoy stopped talking 
abruptly. Yes, I know all about that, Lucius. ... You 
have disappointed me. ... I expect more faithful 
service in the future. 

Of course, my Lord, of course. ... You are merciful, 
thank you. ... 

Voldemort moved on, and stopped, staring at the 
space  large enough for two people  that 
separated Malfoy and the next man. 

The Lestranges should stand here, said Voldemort 
quietly. But they are entombed in Azkaban. They 
were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than 
renounce me. ... When Azkaban is broken open, the 
Lestranges will be honored beyond their dreams. The 
dementors will join us ... they are our natural allies ... 
we will recall the banished giants ... I shall have all 
my devoted servants returned to me, and an army of 
creatures whom all fear. ... 

  719 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He walked on. Some of the Death Eaters he passed in 
silence, but he paused before others and spoke to 
them. 

Macnair . . . destroying dangerous beasts for the 
Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? You shall 
have better victims than that soon, Macnair. Lord 
Voldemort will provide. ... 

Thank you, Master ... thank you, murmured 
Macnair. 

And here  Voldemort moved on to the two largest 
hooded figures  we have Crabbe . . . you will do 
better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, 
Goyle? 

They bowed clumsily, muttering dully. 

Yes, Master ... 

We will, Master. ... 

The same goes for you, Nott, said Voldemort quietly 
as he walked past a stooped figure in Mr. Goyle s 
shadow. 

My Lord, I prostrate myself before you, I am your 
most faithful   

That will do, said Voldemort. 

He had reached the largest gap of all, and he stood 
surveying it with his blank, red eyes, as though he 
could see people standing there. 

And here we have six missing Death Eaters . . . three 
dead in my service. One, too cowardly to return ... he 
will pay. One, who I believe has left me forever ... he 

  720 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




will be killed, of course ... and one, who remains my 
most faithful servant, and who has already reentered 
my service. 

The Death Eaters stirred, and Harry saw their eyes 
dart sideways at one another through their masks. 

He is at Hogwarts, that faithful servant, and it was 
through his efforts that our young friend arrived here 
tonight. ... 

Yes, said Voldemort, a grin curling his lipless mouth 
as the eyes of the circle flashed in Harrys direction. 
Harry Potter has kindly joined us for my rebirthing 
party. One might go so far as to call him my guest of 
honor. 

There was a silence. Then the Death Eater to the right 
of Wormtail stepped forward, and Lucius Malfoys 
voice spoke from under the mask. 

Master, we crave to know . . . we beg you to tell us . . . 
how you have achieved this . . . this miracle . . . how 
you managed to return to us. ... 

Ah, what a story it is, Lucius, said Voldemort. And 
it begins  and ends  with my young friend here. 

He walked lazily over to stand next to Harry, so that 
the eyes of the whole circle were upon the two of 
them. The snake continued to circle. 

You know, of course, that they have called this boy 
my downfall? Voldemort said softly, his red eyes 
upon Harry, whose scar began to burn so fiercely that 
he almost screamed in agony. You all know that on 
the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill 
him. His mother died in the attempt to save him  
and unwittingly provided him with a protection I 
  721 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




admit I had not foreseen. ... I could not touch the 
boy. 

Voldemort raised one of his long white fingers and put 
it very close to Harrys cheek. 

His mother left upon him the traces of her sacrifice. 

. . . This is old magic, I should have remembered it, I 
was foolish to overlook it . . . but no matter. I can 
touch him now. 

Harry felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch 
him, and thought his head would burst with the pain. 
Voldemort laughed softly in his ear, then took the 
finger away and continued addressing the Death 
Eaters. 

I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. My curse was 
deflected by the womans foolish sacrifice, and it 
rebounded upon myself. Aaah . . . pain beyond pain, 
my friends; nothing could have prepared me for it. I 
was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less 
than the meanest ghost ... but still, I was alive. What 
I was, even I do not know ... I, who have gone further 
than anybody along the path that leads to 
immortality. You know my goal  to conquer death. 
And now, I was tested, and it appeared that one or 
more of my experiments had worked . . . for I had not 
been killed, though the curse should have done it. 
Nevertheless, I was as powerless as the weakest 
creature alive, and without the means to help myself 
. . . for I had no body, and every spell that might have 
helped me required the use of a wand. ... 

I remember only forcing myself, sleeplessly, 
endlessly, second by second, to exist. ... I settled in a 
faraway place, in a forest, and I waited. ... Surely, one 
of my faithful Death Eaters would try and find me . . . 
one of them would come and perform the magic I 
  722 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




could not, to restore me to a body . . . but I waited in 
vain. ... 

The shiver ran once more around the circle of 
listening Death Eaters. Voldemort let the silence 
spiral horribly before continuing. 

Only one power remained to me. I could possess the 
bodies of others. But I dared not go where other 
humans were plentiful, for I knew that the Aurors 
were still abroad and searching for me. I sometimes 
inhabited animals  snakes, of course, being my 
preference  but I was little better off inside them 
than as pure spirit, for their bodies were ill adapted to 
perform magic ... and my possession of them 
shortened their lives; none of them lasted long. ... 

Then . . . four years ago . . . the means for my return 
seemed assured. A wizard  young, foolish, and 
gullible  wandered across my path in the forest I 
had made my home. Oh, he seemed the very chance I 
had been dreaming of . . . for he was a teacher at 
Dumbledores school ... he was easy to bend to my 
will ... he brought me back to this country, and after 
a while, I took possession of his body, to supervise 
him closely as he carried out my orders. But my plan 
failed. I did not manage to steal the Sorcerers Stone. I 
was not to be assured immortal life. I was thwarted ... 
thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter. ... 

Silence once more; nothing was stirring, not even the 
leaves on the yew tree. The Death Eaters were quite 
motionless, the glittering eyes in their masks fixed 
upon Voldemort, and upon Harry. 

The servant died when I left his body, and I was left 
as weak as ever I had been, Voldemort continued. I 
returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not 
pretend to you that I didnt then fear that I might 

  723 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




never regain my powers. ... Yes, that was perhaps my 
darkest hour ... I could not hope that I would be sent 
another wizard to possess ... and I had given up hope, 
now, that any of my Death Eaters cared what had 
become of me. ... 

One or two of the masked wizards in the circle moved 
uncomfortably, but Voldemort took no notice. 

And then, not even a year ago, when I had almost 
abandoned hope, it happened at last ... a servant 
returned to me. Wormtail here, who had faked his 
own death to escape justice, was driven out of hiding 
by those he had once counted friends, and decided to 
return to his master. He sought me in the country 
where it had long been rumored I was hiding . . . 
helped, of course, by the rats he met along the way. 
Wormtail has a curious affinity with rats, do you not, 
Wormtail? His filthy little friends told him there was a 
place, deep in an Albanian forest, that they avoided, 
where small animals like themselves had met their 
deaths by a dark shadow that possessed them. ... 

But his journey back to me was not smooth, was it, 
Wormtail? For, hungry one night, on the edge of the 
very forest where he had hoped to find me, he 
foolishly stopped at an inn for some food . . . and who 
should he meet there, but one Bertha Jorkins, a 
witch from the Ministry of Magic. 

Now see the way that fate favors Lord Voldemort. 

This might have been the end of Wormtail, and of my 
last hope for regeneration. But Wormtail  displaying 
a presence of mind I would never have expected from 
him  convinced Bertha Jorkins to accompany him 
on a nighttime stroll. He overpowered her ... he 
brought her to me. And Bertha Jorkins, who might 
have ruined all, proved instead to be a gift beyond my 



  724 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




wildest dreams . . . for  with a little persuasion  she 
became a veritable mine of information. 

She told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be 
played at Hogwarts this year. She told me that she 
knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too 
willing to help me, if I could only contact him. She 
told me many things . . . but the means I used to break 
the Memory Charm upon her were powerful, and 
when I had extracted all useful information from her, 
her mind and body were both damaged beyond repair. 
She had now served her purpose. I could not possess 
her. I disposed of her. 

Voldemort smiled his terrible smile, his red eyes 
blank and pitiless. 

Wormtails body, of course, was ill adapted for 
possession, as all assumed him dead, and would 
attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he 
was the ablebodied servant I needed, and, poor 
wizard though he is, Wormtail was able to follow the 
instructions I gave him, which would return me to a 
rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be 
able to inhabit while awaiting the essential 
ingredients for true rebirth ... a spell or two of my 
own invention ... a little help from my dear Nagini, 
Voldemorts red eyes fell upon the continually circling 
snake, a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and 
the snake venom Nagini provided ... I was soon 
returned to an almost human form, and strong 
enough to travel. 

There was no hope of stealing the Sorcerers Stone 
anymore, for I knew that Dumbledore would have 
seen to it that it was destroyed. But I was willing to 
embrace mortal life again, before chasing immortality. 
I set my sights lower ... I would settle for my old body 
back again, and my old strength. 

  725 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




I knew that to achieve this  it is an old piece of 
Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight  I 
would need three powerful ingredients. Well, one of 
them was already at hand, was it not, Wormtail? 

Flesh given by a servant. ... 

My fathers bone, naturally, meant that we would 
have to come here, where he was buried. But the 
blood of a foe ... Wormtail would have had me use any 
wizard, would you not, Wormtail? Any wizard who 
had hated me ... as so many of them still do. But I 
knew the one I must use, if I was to rise again, more 
powerful than I had been when I had fallen. I wanted 
Harry Potters blood. I wanted the blood of the one 
who had stripped me of power thirteen years ago . . . 
for the lingering protection his mother once gave him 
would then reside in my veins too. ... 

But how to get at Harry Potter? For he has been 
better protected than I think even he knows, 
protected in ways devised by Dumbledore long ago, 
when it fell to him to arrange the boys future. 
Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic, to ensure the 
boys protection as long as he is in his relations care. 
Not even I can touch him there. ... Then, of course, 
there was the Quidditch World Cup. ... I thought his 
protection might be weaker there, away from his 
relations and Dumbledore, but I was not yet strong 
enough to attempt kidnap in the midst of a horde of 
Ministry wizards. And then, the boy would return to 
Hogwarts, where he is under the crooked nose of that 
Muggleloving fool from morning until night. So how 
could I take him? 

Why ... by using Bertha Jorkinss information, of 
course. Use my one faithful Death Eater, stationed at 
Hogwarts, to ensure that the boys name was entered 
into the Goblet of Fire. Use my Death Eater to ensure 
that the boy won the tournament  that he touched 
  726 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the Triwizard Cup first  the cup which my Death 
Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring 
him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledores help and 
protection, and into my waiting arms. And here he is 
... the boy you all believed had been my downfall... 

Voldemort moved slowly forward and turned to face 
Harry. He raised his wand. 

Crucio\ 

It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever 
experienced; his very bones were on fire; his head was 
surely splitting along his scar; his eyes were rolling 
madly in his head; he wanted it to end ... to black out 
...to die ... 

And then it was gone. He was hanging limply in the 
ropes binding him to the headstone of Voldemorts 
father, looking up into those bright red eyes through 
a kind of mist. The night was ringing with the sound 
of the Death Eaters laughter. 

You see, I think, how foolish it was to suppose that 
this boy could ever have been stronger than me, said 
Voldemort. But I want there to be no mistake in 
anybodys mind. Harry Potter escaped me by a lucky 
chance. And I am now going to prove my power by 
killing him, here and now, in front of you all, when 
there is no Dumbledore to help him, and no mother to 
die for him. I will give him his chance. He will be 
allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt 
which of us is the stronger. Just a little longer, 
Nagini, he whispered, and the snake glided away 
through the grass to where the Death Eaters stood 
watching. 

Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back his 
wand. 

  727 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






PRIORI INCANTATEM 

Wormtail approached Harry, who scrambled to find 
his feet, to support his own weight before the ropes 
were untied. Wormtail raised his new silver hand, 
pulled out the wad of material gagging Harry, and 
then, with one swipe, cut through the bonds tying 
Harry to the gravestone. 

There was a split second, perhaps, when Harry might 
have considered running for it, but his injured leg 
shook under him as he stood on the overgrown grave, 
as the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a tighter 
circle around him and Voldemort, so that the gaps 
where the missing Death Eaters should have stood 
were filled. Wormtail walked out of the circle to the 
place where Cedrics body lay and returned with 
Harrys wand, which he thrust roughly into Harrys 
hand without looking at him. Then Wormtail resumed 
his place in the circle of watching Death Eaters. 

You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter? 
said Voldemort softly, his red eyes glinting through 
the darkness. 

  728 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



At these words Harry remembered, as though from a 
former life, the dueling club at Hogwarts he had 
attended briefly two years ago. ... All he had learned 
there was the Disarming Spell,  Expelliarmus ... and 
what use would it be to deprive Voldemort of his 
wand, even if he could, when he was surrounded by 
Death Eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? 
He had never learned anything that could possibly fit 
him for this. He knew he was facing the thing against 
which Moody had always warned . . . the unblockable 
Avada Kedavra curse  and Voldemort was right  
his mother was not here to die for him this time. ... 

He was quite unprotected. ... 

We bow to each other, Harry, said Voldemort, 
bending a little, but keeping his snakelike face 
upturned to Harry. Come, the niceties must be 
observed. ... Dumbledore would like you to show 
manners. ... Bow to death, Harry. ... 

The Death Eaters were laughing again. Voldemorts 
lipless mouth was smiling. Harry did not bow. He was 
not going to let Voldemort play with him before killing 
him ... he was not going to give him that satisfaction. 



I said, bow, Voldemort said, raising his wand  and 
Harry felt his spine curve as though a huge, invisible 
hand were bending him ruthlessly forward, and the 
Death Eaters laughed harder than ever. 

Very good, said Voldemort softly, and as he raised 
his wand the pressure bearing down upon Harry lifted 
too. And now you face me, like a man ... straight 
backed and proud, the way your father died. ... 

And now  we duel. 



  729 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Voldemort raised his wand, and before Harry could do 
anything to defend himself, before he could even 
move, he had been hit again by the Cruciatus Curse. 
The pain was so intense, so allconsuming, that he no 
longer knew where he was. ... Whitehot knives were 
piercing every inch of his skin, his head was surely 
going to burst with pain, he was screaming more 
loudly than hed ever screamed in his life  

And then it stopped. Harry rolled over and scrambled 
to his feet; he was shaking as uncontrollably as 
Wormtail had done when his hand had been cut off; 
he staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death 
Eaters, and they pushed him away, back toward 
Voldemort. 

A little break, said Voldemort, the slitlike nostrils 
dilating with excitement, a little pause . . . That hurt, 
didnt it, Harry? You dont want me to do that again, 
do you? 

Harry didnt answer. He was going to die like Cedric, 
those pitiless red eyes were telling him so ... he was 
going to die, and there was nothing he could do about 
it... but he wasnt going to play along. He wasnt going 
to obey Voldemort ... he wasnt going to beg. ... 

I asked you whether you want me to do that again, 
said Voldemort softly. Answer me! ImperioV 

And Harry felt, for the third time in his life, the 
sensation that his mind had been wiped of all 
thought. ... Ah, it was bliss, not to think, it was as 
though he were floating, dreaming ... just answer no 
. . . say no ... just answer no. . . . 

I will not, said a stronger voice, in the back of his 
head, I wont answer. ... 



  730 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Just answer no. ... 



I wont do it, I wont say it. ... 

Just answer no. ... 

I WONT! 

And these words burst from Harrys mouth; they 
echoed through the graveyard, and the dream state 
was lifted as suddenly as though cold water had been 
thrown over him  back rushed the aches that the 
Cruciatus Curse had left all over his body  back 
rushed the realization of where he was, and what he 
was facing. ... 

You wont? said Voldemort quietly, and the Death 
Eaters were not laughing now. You wont say no? 
Harry, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before 
you die. ... Perhaps another little dose of pain? 

Voldemort raised his wand, but this time Harry was 
ready; with the reflexes born of his Quidditch 
training, he flung himself sideways onto the ground; 
he rolled behind the marble headstone of Voldemorts 
father, and he heard it crack as the curse missed 
him. 

We are not playing hideandseek, Harry, said 
Voldemorts soft, cold voice, drawing nearer, as the 
Death Eaters laughed. You cannot hide from me. 

Does this mean you are tired of our duel? Does this 
mean that you would prefer me to finish it now, 

Harry? Come out, Harry . . . come out and play, then 
...it will be quick ... it might even be painless ... I 
would not know ... I have never died. ... 

Harry crouched behind the headstone and knew the 
end had come. There was no hope ... no help to be 

  731 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




had. And as he heard Voldemort draw nearer still, he 
knew one thing only, and it was beyond fear or 
reason: He was not going to die crouching here like a 
child playing hideandseek; he was not going to die 
kneeling at Voldemorts feet ... he was going to die 
upright like his father, and he was going to die trying 
to defend himself, even if no defense was possible. ... 

Before Voldemort could stick his snakelike face 
around the headstone, Harry stood up ... he gripped 
his wand tightly in his hand, thrust it out in front of 
him, and threw himself around the headstone, facing 
Voldemort. 

Voldemort was ready. As Harry shouted, 

 ExpelliarmusV Voldemort cried, Avada KedavraV 

A jet of green light issued from Voldemorts wand just 
as a jet of red light blasted from Harrys  they met 
in midair  and suddenly Harrys wand was vibrating 
as though an electric charge were surging through it; 
his hand seized up around it; he couldnt have 
released it if hed wanted to  and a narrow beam of 
light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, 
but bright, deep gold. Harry, following the beam with 
his astonished gaze, saw that Voldemorts long white 
fingers too were gripping a wand that was shaking 
and vibrating. 

And then  nothing could have prepared Harry for 
this  he felt his feet lift from the ground. He and 
Voldemort were both being raised into the air, their 
wands still connected by that thread of shimmering 
golden light. They glided away from the tombstone of 
Voldemorts father and then came to rest on a patch 
of ground that was clear and free of graves. ... The 
Death Eaters were shouting; they were asking 
Voldemort for instructions; they were closing in, 
reforming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the 
  732 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing 
their wands  



The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort 
splintered; though the wands remained connected, a 
thousand more beams arced high over Harry and 
Voldemort, crisscrossing all around them, until they 
were enclosed in a golden, domeshaped web, a cage 
of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like 
jackals, their cries strangely muffled now. ... 

Do nothing! Voldemort shrieked to the Death 
Eaters, and Harry saw his red eyes wide with 
astonishment at what was happening, saw him 
fighting to break the thread of light still connecting 
his wand with Harrys; Harry held onto his wand 
more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread 
remained unbroken. Do nothing unless I command 
you! Voldemort shouted to the Death Eaters. 

And then an unearthly and beautiful sound filled the 
air. ... It was coming from every thread of the light 
spun web vibrating around Harry and Voldemort. It 
was a sound Harry recognized, though he had heard 
it only once before in his life: phoenix song. 

It was the sound of hope to Harry . . . the most 
beautiful and welcome thing he had ever heard in his 
life. ... He felt as though the song were inside him 
instead of just around him. ... It was the sound he 
connected with Dumbledore, and it was almost as 
though a friend were speaking in his ear. . . . 

Dont break the connection. 

I know, Harry told the music, I know I mustnt ... but 
no sooner had he thought it, than the thing became 
much harder to do. His wand began to vibrate more 
powerfully than ever . . . and now the beam between 

  733 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire  




him and Voldemort changed too ... it was as though 
large beads of light were sliding up and down the 
thread connecting the wands  Harry felt his wand 
give a shudder under his hand as the light beads 
began to slide slowly and steadily his way. . . . The 
direction of the beams movement was now toward 
him, from Voldemort, and he felt his wand shudder 
angrily. ... 

As the closest bead of light moved nearer to Harrys 
wand tip, the wood beneath his fingers grew so hot he 
feared it would burst into flame. The closer that bead 
moved, the harder Harrys wand vibrated; he was sure 
his wand would not survive contact with it; it felt as 
though it was about to shatter under his fingers  

He concentrated every last particle of his mind upon 
forcing the bead back toward Voldemort, his ears full 
of phoenix song, his eyes furious, fixed ... and slowly, 
very slowly, the beads quivered to a halt, and then, 
just as slowly, they began to move the other way ... 
and it was Voldemort s wand that was vibrating extra 
hard now ... Voldemort who looked astonished, and 
almost fearful. ... 

One of the beads of light was quivering, inches from 
the tip of Voldemorts wand. Harry didnt understand 
why he was doing it, didnt know what it might 
achieve . . . but he now concentrated as he had never 
done in his life on forcing that bead of light right back 
into Voldemorts wand ... and slowly ... very slowly ... 
it moved along the golden thread ... it trembled for a 
moment... and then it connected. ... 

At once, Voldemorts wand began to emit echoing 
screams of pain ... then  Voldemorts red eyes 
widened with shock  a dense, smoky hand flew out 
of the tip of it and vanished . . . the ghost of the hand 
he had made Wormtail ... more shouts of pain ... and 
  734 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




then something much larger began to blossom from 
Voldemorts wand tip, a great, grayish something, 
that looked as though it were made of the solidest, 
densest smoke. ... It was a head ... now a chest and 
arms . . . the torso of Cedric Diggory. 

If ever Harry might have released his wand from 
shock, it would have been then, but instinct kept him 
clutching his wand tightly, so that the thread of 
golden light remained unbroken, even though the 
thick gray ghost of Cedric Diggory (was it a ghost? it 
looked so solid) emerged in its entirety from the end of 
Voldemorts wand, as though it were squeezing itself 
out of a very narrow tunnel . . . and this shade of 
Cedric stood up, and looked up and down the golden 
thread of light, and spoke. 

Hold on, Harry, it said. 

Its voice was distant and echoing. Harry looked at 
Voldemort . . . his wide red eyes were still shocked . . . 
he had no more expected this than Harry had . . . and, 
very dimly, Harry heard the frightened yells of the 
Death Eaters, prowling around the edges of the 
golden dome. ... 

More screams of pain from the wand . . . and then 
something else emerged from its tip . . . the dense 
shadow of a second head, quickly followed by arms 
and torso ... an old man Harry had seen only in a 
dream was now pushing himself out of the end of the 
wand just as Cedric had done ... and his ghost, or his 
shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedrics, and 
surveyed Harry and Voldemort, and the golden web, 
and the connected wands, with mild surprise, leaning 
on his walking stick. . . . 



  735 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He was a real wizard, then? the old man said, his 
eyes on Voldemort. Killed me, that one did. ... You 
fight him, boy. ... 

But already, yet another head was emerging . . . and 
this head, gray as a smoky statue, was a womans. ... 
Harry, both arms shaking now as he fought to keep 
his wand still, saw her drop to the ground and 
straighten up like the others, staring. ... 

The shadow of Bertha Jorkins surveyed the battle 
before her with wide eyes. 

Dont let go, now! she cried, and her voice echoed 
like Cedrics as though from very far away. Dont let 
him get you, Harry  dont let go! 

She and the other two shadowy figures began to pace 
around the inner walls of the golden web, while the 
Death Eaters flitted around the outside of it ... and 
Voldemorts dead victims whispered as they circled 
the duelers, whispered words of encouragement to 
Harry, and hissed words Harry couldnt hear to 
Voldemort. 

And now another head was emerging from the tip of 
Voldemorts wand ... and Harry knew when he saw it 
who it would be ... he knew, as though he had 
expected it from the moment when Cedric had 
appeared from the wand . . . knew, because the woman 
was the one hed thought of more than any other 
tonight. ... 

The smoky shadow of a young woman with long hair 
fell to the ground as Bertha had done, straightened 
up, and looked at him ... and Harry, his arms shaking 
madly now, looked back into the ghostly face of his 
mother. 



  736 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Your fathers coming ... she said quietly. Hold on 
for your father ... it will be all right ... hold on. ... 

And he came . . . first his head, then his body . . . tall 
and untidyhaired like Harry, the smoky, shadowy 
form of James Potter blossomed from the end of 
Voldemorts wand, fell to the ground, and 
straightened like his wife. He walked close to Harry, 
looking down at him, and he spoke in the same 
distant, echoing voice as the others, but quietly, so 
that Voldemort, his face now livid with fear as his 
victims prowled around him, could not hear. . . . 

When the connection is broken, we will linger for 
only moments . . . but we will give you time . . . you 
must get to the Portkey, it will return you to Hogwarts 
... do you understand, Harry? 

Yes, Harry gasped, fighting now to keep a hold on 
his wand, which was slipping and sliding beneath his 
fingers. 

Harry ... whispered the figure of Cedric, take my 
body back, will you? Take my body back to my 
parents. ... 

I will, said Harry, his face screwed up with the effort 
of holding the wand. 

Do it now, whispered his fathers voice, be ready to 
run ... do it now. ... 

NOW! Harry yelled; he didnt think he could have 
held on for another moment anyway  he pulled his 
wand upward with an almighty wrench, and the 
golden thread broke; the cage of light vanished, the 
phoenix song died  but the shadowy figures of 
Voldemorts victims did not disappear  they were 



  737 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




closing in upon Voldemort, shielding Harry from his 
gaze  

And Harry ran as he had never run in his life, 
knocking two stunned Death Eaters aside as he 
passed; he zigzagged behind headstones, feeling their 
curses following him, hearing them hit the 
headstones  he was dodging curses and graves, 
pelting toward Cedrics body, no longer aware of the 
pain in his leg, his whole being concentrated on what 
he had to do  

Stun him\ he heard Voldemort scream. 

Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble 
angel to avoid the jets of red light and saw the tip of 
its wing shatter as the spells hit it. Gripping his wand 
more tightly, he dashed out from behind the angel  

Impedimental he bellowed, pointing his wand wildly 
over his shoulder at the Death Eaters running at him. 

From a muffled yell, he thought he had stopped at 
least one of them, but there was no time to stop and 
look; he jumped over the cup and dived as he heard 
more wand blasts behind him; more jets of light flew 
over his head as he fell, stretching out his hand to 
grab Cedrics arm  

Stand aside! I will kill him! He is mine! shrieked 
Voldemort. 

Harrys hand had closed on Cedrics wrist; one 
tombstone stood between him and Voldemort, but 
Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the cup was out of 
reach  



  738 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Voldemorts red eyes flamed in the darkness. Harry 
saw his mouth curl into a smile, saw him raise his 
wand. 

Acciol Harry yelled, pointing his wand at the 
Triwizard Cup. 

It flew into the air and soared toward him. Harry 
caught it by the handle  

He heard Voldemorts scream of fury at the same 
moment that he felt the jerk behind his navel that 
meant the Portkey had worked  it was speeding him 
away in a whirl of wind and color, and Cedric along 
with him. ... They were going back. 



  739 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






VERITASERUM 

Harry felt himself slam flat into the ground; his face 
was pressed into grass; the smell of it filled his 
nostrils. He had closed his eyes while the Portkey 
transported him, and he kept them closed now. He 
did not move. All the breath seemed to have been 
knocked out of him; his head was swimming so badly 
he felt as though the ground beneath him were 
swaying like the deck of a ship. To hold himself 
steady, he tightened his hold on the two things he 
was still clutching: the smooth, cold handle of the Tri 
wizard Cup and Cedrics body. He felt as though he 
would slide away into the blackness gathering at the 
edges of his brain if he let go of either of them. Shock 
and exhaustion kept him on the ground, breathing in 
the smell of the grass, waiting ... waiting for someone 
to do something . . . something to happen . . . and all 
the while, his scar burned dully on his forehead. ... 

A torrent of sound deafened and confused him; there 
were voices everywhere, footsteps, screams. ... He 
remained where he was, his face screwed up against 



  740 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



the noise, as though it were a nightmare that would 
pass. ... 

Then a pair of hands seized him roughly and turned 
him over. 

Harry! HarryV 

He opened his eyes. 

He was looking up at the starry sky, and Albus 
Dumbledore was crouched over him. The dark 
shadows of a crowd of people pressed in around 
them, pushing nearer; Harry felt the ground beneath 
his head reverberating with their footsteps. 

He had come back to the edge of the maze. He could 
see the stands rising above him, the shapes of people 
moving in them, the stars above. 

Harry let go of the cup, but he clutched Cedric to him 
even more tightly. He raised his free hand and seized 
Dumbledore s wrist, while Dumbledore s face swam in 
and out of focus. 

Hes back, Harry whispered. Hes back. Voldemort. 

Whats going on? Whats happened? 

The face of Cornelius Fudge appeared upside down 
over Harry; it looked white, appalled. 

My God  Diggory! it whispered. Dumbledore  
hes dead! 

The words were repeated, the shadowy figures 
pressing in on them gasped it to those around them 
. . . and then others shouted it  screeched it  into 



  741 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




the night  Hes dead! Hes dead! Cedric Diggory! 
Dead). 



Harry, let go of him, he heard Fudges voice say, and 
he felt fingers trying to pry him from Cedrics limp 
body, but Harry wouldnt let him go. Then 
Dumbledores face, which was still blurred and 
misted, came closer. 

Harry, you cant help him now. Its over. Let go. 

He wanted me to bring him back, Harry muttered  
it seemed important to explain this. He wanted me to 
bring him back to his parents. ... 

Thats right, Harry ... just let go now. ... 

Dumbledore bent down, and with extraordinary 
strength for a man so old and thin, raised Harry from 
the ground and set him on his feet. Harry swayed. His 
head was pounding. His injured leg would no longer 
support his weight. The crowd around them jostled, 
fighting to get closer, pressing darkly in on him  
Whats happened? Whats wrong with him? 

Dig gorys dead\ 

Hell need to go to the hospital wing! Fudge was 
saying loudly. Hes ill, hes injured  Dumbledore, 
Diggorys parents, theyre here, theyre in the stands. 



Ill take Harry, Dumbledore, Ill take him   

No, I would prefer   

Dumbledore, Amos Diggorys running ... hes coming 
over. ... Dont you think you should tell him  before 
he sees  ? 

  742 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry, stay here   



Girls were screaming, sobbing hysterically. . . . The 
scene flickered oddly before Harrys eyes. ... 

Its all right, son, Ive got you ... come on ... hospital 
wing ... 

Dumbledore said stay, said Harry thickly, the 
pounding in his scar making him feel as though he 
was about to throw up; his vision was blurring worse 
than ever. 

You need to lie down. ... Come on now. ... 

Someone larger and stronger than he was was half 
pulling, half carrying him through the frightened 
crowd. Harry heard people gasping, screaming, and 
shouting as the man supporting him pushed a path 
through them, taking him back to the castle. Across 
the lawn, past the lake and the Durmstrang ship, 
Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the 
man helping him walk. 

What happened, Harry? the man asked at last as he 
lifted Harry up the stone steps. Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. 

It was MadEye Moody. 

Cup was a Portkey, said Harry as they crossed the 
entrance hall. Took me and Cedric to a graveyard ... 
and Voldemort was there ... Lord Voldemort ... 

Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Up the marble stairs ... 

The Dark Lord was there? What happened then? 

Killed Cedric ... they killed Cedric. ... 

And then? 

  743 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. Along the corridor . . . 

Made a potion ... got his body back. ... 

The Dark Lord got his body back? Hes returned? 
And the Death Eaters came ... and then we dueled. 



You dueled with the Dark Lord? 

Got away . . . my wand . . . did something funny. ... I 
saw my mum and dad ... they came out of his wand. 



In here, Harry ... in here, and sit down. ... Youll be 
all right now ... drink this. ... 

Harry heard a key scrape in a lock and felt a cup 
being pushed into his hands. 

Drink it ... youll feel better ... come on, now, Harry, I 
need to know exactly what happened. ... 

Moody helped tip the stuff down Harrys throat; he 
coughed, a peppery taste burning his throat. Moodys 
office came into sharper focus, and so did Moody 
himself. ... He looked as white as Fudge had looked, 
and both eyes were fixed unblinkingly upon Harrys 
face. 

Voldemorts back, Harry? Youre sure hes back? How 
did he do it? 

He took stuff from his fathers grave, and from 
Wormtail, and me, said Harry. His head felt clearer; 
his scar wasnt hurting so badly; he could now see 
Moodys face distinctly, even though the office was 



  744 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




dark. He could still hear screaming and shouting 
from the distant Quidditch field. 



What did the Dark Lord take from you? said Moody. 

Blood, said Harry, raising his arm. His sleeve was 
ripped where Wormtails dagger had torn it. 

Moody let out his breath in a long, low hiss. 

And the Death Eaters? They returned? 

Yes, said Harry. Loads of them ... 

How did he treat them? Moody asked quietly. Did 
he forgive them? 

But Harry had suddenly remembered. He should have 
told Dumbledore, he should have said it straightaway 



Theres a Death Eater at Hogwarts! Theres a Death 
Eater here  they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, 
they made sure I got through to the end   

Harry tried to get up, but Moody pushed him back 
down. 

I know who the Death Eater is, he said quietly. 

Karkaroff? said Harry wildly. Where is he? Have 
you got him? Is he locked up? 

Karkaroff? said Moody with an odd laugh. 

Karkaroff fled tonight, when he felt the Dark Mark 
burn upon his arm. He betrayed too many faithful 
supporters of the Dark Lord to wish to meet them . . . 
but I doubt he will get far. The Dark Lord has ways of 
tracking his enemies. 

  745 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Karkaroffs gone? He ran away? But then  he didnt 
put my name in the goblet? 



No, said Moody slowly. No, he didnt. It was I who 
did that. 

Harry heard, but didnt believe. 

No, you didnt, he said. You didnt do that ... you 
cant have done ... 

I assure you I did, said Moody, and his magical eye 
swung around and fixed upon the door, and Harry 
knew he was making sure that there was no one 
outside it. At the same time, Moody drew out his 
wand and pointed it at Harry. 

He forgave them, then? he said. The Death Eaters 
who went free? The ones who escaped Azkaban? 

What? said Harry. 

He was looking at the wand Moody was pointing at 
him. This was a bad joke, it had to be. 

I asked you, said Moody quietly, whether he forgave 
the scum who never even went to look for him. Those 
treacherous cowards who wouldnt even brave 
Azkaban for him. The faithless, worthless bits of filth 
who were brave enough to cavort in masks at the 
Quidditch World Cup, but fled at the sight of the Dark 
Mark when I fired it into the sky. 

 You fired . . . What are you talking about ... ? 

I told you, Harry ... I told you. If theres one thing I 
hate more than any other, its a Death Eater who 
walked free. They turned their backs on my master 
when he needed them most. I expected him to punish 

  746 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




them. I expected him to torture them. Tell me he hurt 
them, Harry. ... Moodys face was suddenly lit with 
an insane smile. Tell me he told them that I, I alone 
remained faithful . . . prepared to risk everything to 
deliver to him the one thing he wanted above all ... 
you. 

You didnt ... it  it cant be you. ... 

Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the 
name of a different school? I did. Who frightened off 
every person I thought might try to hurt you or 
prevent you from winning the tournament? I did. Who 
nudged Hagrid into showing you the dragons? I did. 
Who helped you see the only way you could beat the 
dragon? I did. 

Moodys magical eye had now left the door. It was 
fixed upon Harry. His lopsided mouth leered more 
widely than ever. 

It hasnt been easy, Harry, guiding you through these 
tasks without arousing suspicion. I have had to use 
every ounce of cunning I possess, so that my hand 
would not be detectable in your success. Dumbledore 
would have been very suspicious if you had managed 
everything too easily. As long as you got into that 
maze, preferably with a decent head start  then, I 
knew, I would have a chance of getting rid of the 
other champions and leaving your way clear. But I 
also had to contend with your stupidity. The second 
task . . . that was when I was most afraid we would 
fail. I was keeping watch on you, Potter. I knew you 
hadnt worked out the eggs clue, so I had to give you 
another hint   

You didnt, Harry said hoarsely. Cedric gave me the 
clue   



  747 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did. I 
trusted that he would pass the information on to you. 
Decent people are so easy to manipulate, Potter. I was 
sure Cedric would want to repay you for telling him 
about the dragons, and so he did. But even then, 
Potter, even then you seemed likely to fail. I was 
watching all the time ... all those hours in the library. 
Didnt you realize that the book you needed was in 
your dormitory all along? I planted it there early on, I 
gave it to the Longbottom boy, dont you remember? 
Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean. It would 
have told you all you needed to know about gillyweed. 

I expected you to ask everyone and anyone you could 
for help. Longbottom would have told you in an 
instant. But you did not ... you did not. ... You have a 
streak of pride and independence that might have 
ruined all. 

So what could I do? Feed you information from 
another innocent source. You told me at the Yule Ball 
a houseelf called Dobby had given you a Christmas 
present. I called the elf to the staffroom to collect 
some robes for cleaning. I staged a loud conversation 
with Professor McGonagall about the hostages who 
had been taken, and whether Potter would think to 
use gillyweed. And your little elf friend ran straight to 
Snapes office and then hurried to find you. ... 

Moodys wand was still pointing directly at Harrys 
heart. Over his shoulder, foggy shapes were moving in 
the FoeGlass on the wall. 

You were so long in that lake, Potter, I thought you 
had drowned. But luckily, Dumbledore took your 
idiocy for nobility, and marked you high for it. I 
breathed again. 

You had an easier time of it than you should have in 
that maze tonight, of course, said Moody. I was 

  748 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




patrolling around it, able to see through the outer 
hedges, able to curse many obstacles out of your way. 
I Stunned Fleur Delacour as she passed. I put the 
Imperius Curse on Krum, so that he would finish 
Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear. 

Harry stared at Moody. He just didnt see how this 
could be. ... Dumbledores friend, the famous Auror 
. . . the one who had caught so many Death Eaters . . . 

It made no sense ... no sense at all. ... 

The foggy shapes in the FoeGlass were sharpening, 
had become more distinct. Harry could see the 
outlines of three people over Moodys shoulder, 
moving closer and closer. But Moody wasnt watching 
them. His magical eye was upon Harry. 

The Dark Lord didnt manage to kill you, Potter, and 
he so wanted to, whispered Moody. Imagine how he 
will reward me when he finds I have done it for him. I 
gave you to him  the thing he needed above all to 
regenerate  and then I killed you for him. I will be 
honored beyond all other Death Eaters. I will be his 
dearest, his closest supporter ... closer than a son. ... 

Moodys normal eye was bulging, the magical eye 
fixed upon Harry. The door was barred, and Harry 
knew he would never reach his own wand in time. ... 

The Dark Lord and I, said Moody, and he looked 
completely insane now, towering over Harry, leering 
down at him, have much in common. Both of us, for 
instance, had very disappointing fathers ... very 
disappointing indeed. Both of us suffered the 
indignity, Harry, of being named after those fathers. 
And both of us had the pleasure . . . the very great 
pleasure ... of killing our fathers to ensure the 
continued rise of the Dark Order! 



  749 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Youre mad, Harry said  he couldnt stop himself 
 youre mad! 



Mad, am I? said Moody, his voice rising 
uncontrollably. Well see! Well see whos mad, now 
that the Dark Lord has returned, with me at his side! 
He is back, Harry Potter, you did not conquer him  
and now  I conquer you! 

Moody raised his wand, he opened his mouth; Harry 
plunged his own hand into his robes  

Stupefy\ There was a blinding flash of red light, and 
with a great splintering and crashing, the door of 
Moodys office was blasted apart  

Moody was thrown backward onto the office floor. 
Harry, still staring at the place where Moodys face 
had been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, 
and Professor McGonagall looking back at him out of 
the FoeGlass. He looked around and saw the three of 
them standing in the doorway, Dumbledore in front, 
his wand outstretched. 

At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first 
time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard 
Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon 
Dumbledore s face as he stared down at the 
unconscious form of MadEye Moody was more 
terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There 
was no benign smile upon Dumbledore s face, no 
twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was 
cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of 
power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were 
giving off burning heat. 

He stepped into the office, placed a foot underneath 
Moodys unconscious body, and kicked him over onto 
his back, so that his face was visible. Snape followed 

  750 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




him, looking into the FoeGlass, where his own face 
was still visible, glaring into the room. Professor 
McGonagall went straight to Harry. 

Come along, Potter, she whispered. The thin line of 
her mouth was twitching as though she was about to 
cry. Come along ... hospital wing ... 

No, said Dumbledore sharply. 

Dumbledore, he ought to  look at him  hes been 
through enough tonight   

He will stay, Minerva, because he needs to 
understand, said Dumbledore curtly. Understanding 
is the first step to acceptance, and only with 
acceptance can there be recovery. He needs to know 
who has put him through the ordeal he has suffered 
tonight, and why. 

Moody, Harry said. He was still in a state of 
complete disbelief. How can it have been Moody? 

This is not Alastor Moody, said Dumbledore quietly. 
You have never known Alastor Moody. The real 
Moody would not have removed you from my sight 
after what happened tonight. The moment he took 
you, I knew  and I followed. 

Dumbledore bent down over Moodys limp form and 
put a hand inside his robes. He pulled out Moodys 
hip flask and a set of keys on a ring. Then he turned 
to Professors McGonagall and Snape. 

Severus, please fetch me the strongest Truth Potion 
you possess, and then go down to the kitchens and 
bring up the houseelf called Winky. Minerva, kindly 
go down to Hagrids house, where you will find a large 
black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog 
  751 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




up to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, 
then come back here. 

If either Snape or McGonagall found these 
instructions peculiar, they hid their confusion. Both 
turned at once and left the office. Dumbledore walked 
over to the trunk with seven locks, fitted the first key 
in the lock, and opened it. It contained a mass of 
spellbooks. Dumbledore closed the trunk, placed a 
second key in the second lock, and opened the trunk 
again. The spellbooks had vanished; this time it 
contained an assortment of broken Sneakoscopes, 
some parchment and quills, and what looked like a 
silvery Invisibility Cloak. Harry watched, astounded, 
as Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth, and 
sixth keys in their respective locks, reopening the 
trunk, and each time revealing different contents. 
Then he placed the seventh key in the lock, threw 
open the lid, and Harry let out a cry of amazement. 

He was looking down into a kind of pit, an 
underground room, and lying on the floor some ten 
feet below, apparently fast asleep, thin and starved in 
appearance, was the real MadEye Moody. His 
wooden leg was gone, the socket that should have 
held the magical eye looked empty beneath its lid, 
and chunks of his grizzled hair were missing. Harry 
stared, thunderstruck, between the sleeping Moody in 
the trunk and the unconscious Moody lying on the 
floor of the office. 

Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered himself, 
and fell lightly onto the floor beside the sleeping 
Moody. He bent over him. 

Stunned  controlled by the Imperius Curse  very 
weak, he said. Of course, they would have needed to 
keep him alive. Harry, throw down the imposters 



  752 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




cloak  hes freezing. Madam Pomfrey will need to see 
him, but he seems in no immediate danger. 

Harry did as he was told; Dumbledore covered Moody 
in the cloak, tucked it around him, and clambered 
out of the trunk again. Then he picked up the hip 
flask that stood upon the desk, unscrewed it, and 
turned it over. A thick glutinous liquid splattered onto 
the office floor. 

Polyjuice Potion, Harry, said Dumbledore. You see 
the simplicity of it, and the brilliance. For Moody 
never does drink except from his hip flask, hes well 
known for it. The imposter needed, of course, to keep 
the real Moody close by, so that he could continue 
making the potion. You see his hair ... Dumbledore 
looked down on the Moody in the trunk. The 
imposter has been cutting it off all year, see where it 
is uneven? But I think, in the excitement of tonight, 
our fake Moody might have forgotten to take it as 
frequently as he should have done ... on the hour . . . 
every hour. ... We shall see. 

Dumbledore pulled out the chair at the desk and sat 
down upon it, his eyes fixed upon the unconscious 
Moody on the floor. Harry stared at him too. Minutes 
passed in silence. ... 

Then, before Harrys very eyes, the face of the man on 
the floor began to change. The scars were 
disappearing, the skin was becoming smooth; the 
mangled nose became whole and started to shrink. 
The long mane of grizzled gray hair was withdrawing 
into the scalp and turning the color of straw. 
Suddenly, with a loud clunk, the wooden leg fell away 
as a normal leg regrew in its place; next moment, the 
magical eyeball had popped out of the mans face as a 
real eye replaced it; it rolled away across the floor and 
continued to swivel in every direction. 

  753 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry saw a man lying before him, paleskinned, 
slightly freckled, with a mop of fair hair. He knew who 
he was. He had seen him in Dumbledores Pensieve, 
had watched him being led away from court by the 
dementors, trying to convince Mr. Crouch that he was 
innocent . . . but he was lined around the eyes now 
and looked much older. . . . 

There were hurried footsteps outside in the corridor. 
Snape had returned with Winky at his heels. 

Professor McGonagall was right behind them. 

Crouch! Snape said, stopping dead in the doorway. 
Barty Crouch! 

Good heavens, said Professor McGonagall, stopping 
dead and staring down at the man on the floor. 

Filthy, disheveled, Winky peered around Snapes legs. 
Her mouth opened wide and she let out a piercing 
shriek. 

Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you doing here? 

She flung herself forward onto the young mans chest. 

You is killed him! You is killed him! You is killed 
Masters son! 

He is simply Stunned, Winky, said Dumbledore. 
Step aside, please. Severus, you have the potion? 

Snape handed Dumbledore a small glass bottle of 
completely clear liquid: the Veritaserum with which 
he had threatened Harry in class. Dumbledore got up, 
bent over the man on the floor, and pulled him into a 
sitting position against the wall beneath the Foe 
Glass, in which the reflections of Dumbledore, Snape, 
and McGonagall were still glaring down upon them 
  754 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




all. Winky remained on her knees, trembling, her 
hands over her face. Dumbledore forced the mans 
mouth open and poured three drops inside it. Then 
he pointed his wand at the mans chest and said, 
Rennervate. 

Crouchs son opened his eyes. His face was slack, his 
gaze unfocused. Dumbledore knelt before him, so that 
their faces were level. 

Can you hear me? Dumbledore asked quietly. 

The mans eyelids flickered. 

Yes, he muttered. 

I would like you to tell us, said Dumbledore softly, 
how you came to be here. How did you escape from 
Azkaban? 

Crouch took a deep, shuddering breath, then began 
to speak in a flat, expressionless voice. 

My mother saved me. She knew she was dying. She 
persuaded my father to rescue me as a last favor to 
her. He loved her as he had never loved me. He 
agreed. They came to visit me. They gave me a draft of 
Polyjuice Potion containing one of my mothers hairs. 
She took a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of 
my hairs. We took on each others appearance. 

Winky was shaking her head, trembling. 

Say no more, Master Barty, say no more, you is 
getting your father into trouble! 

But Crouch took another deep breath and continued 
in the same flat voice. 



  755 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The dementors are blind. They sensed one healthy, 
one dying person entering Azkaban. They sensed one 
healthy, one dying person leaving it. My father 
smuggled me out, disguised as my mother, in case 
any prisoners were watching through their doors. 

My mother died a short while afterward in Azkaban. 
She was careful to drink Polyjuice Potion until the 
end. She was buried under my name and bearing my 
appearance. Everyone believed her to be me. 

The mans eyelids flickered. 

And what did your father do with you, when he had 
got you home? said Dumbledore quietly. 

Staged my mothers death. A quiet, private funeral. 
That grave is empty. The houseelf nursed me back to 
health. Then I had to be concealed. I had to be 
controlled. My father had to use a number of spells to 
subdue me. When I had recovered my strength, I 
thought only of finding my master ... of returning to 
his service. 

How did your father subdue you? said Dumbledore. 

The Imperius Curse, Crouch said. I was under my 
fathers control. I was forced to wear an Invisibility 
Cloak day and night. I was always with the houseelf. 
She was my keeper and caretaker. She pitied me. She 
persuaded my father to give me occasional treats. 
Rewards for my good behavior. 

Master Barty, Master Barty, sobbed Winky through 
her hands. You isnt ought to tell them, we is getting 
in trouble. ... 



  756 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Did anybody ever discover that you were still alive? 
said Dumbledore softly. Did anyone know except 
your father and the houseelf? 

Yes, said Crouch, his eyelids flickering again. A 
witch in my fathers office. Bertha Jorkins. She came 
to the house with papers for my fathers signature. He 
was not at home. Winky showed her inside and 
returned to the kitchen, to me. But Bertha Jorkins 
heard Winky talking to me. She came to investigate. 
She heard enough to guess who was hiding under the 
Invisibility Cloak. My father arrived home. She 
confronted him. He put a very powerful Memory 
Charm on her to make her forget what shed found 
out. Too powerful. He said it damaged her memory 
permanently. 

Why is she coming to nose into my masters private 
business? sobbed Winky. Why isnt she leaving us 
be? 

Tell me about the Quidditch World Cup, said 
Dumbledore. 

Winky talked my father into it, said Crouch, still in 
the same monotonous voice. She spent months 
persuading him. I had not left the house for years. I 
had loved Quidditch. Let him go, she said. He will be 
in his Invisibility Cloak. He can watch. Let him smell 
fresh air for once. She said my mother would have 
wanted it. She told my father that my mother had 
died to give me freedom. She had not saved me for a 
life of imprisonment. He agreed in the end. 

It was carefully planned. My father led me and Winky 
up to the Top Box early in the day. Winky was to say 
that she was saving a seat for my father. I was to sit 
there, invisible. When everyone had left the box, we 



  757 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




would emerge. Winky would appear to be alone. 
Nobody would ever know. 

But Winky didnt know that I was growing stronger. I 
was starting to fight my fathers Imperius Curse. 

There were times when I was almost myself again. 
There were brief periods when I seemed outside his 
control. It happened, there, in the Top Box. It was like 
waking from a deep sleep. I found myself out in 
public, in the middle of the match, and I saw, in front 
of me, a wand sticking out of a boys pocket. I had not 
been allowed a wand since before Azkaban. I stole it. 
Winky didnt know. Winky is frightened of heights. 

She had her face hidden. 

Master Barty, you bad boy! whispered Winky, tears 
trickling between her fingers. 

So you took the wand, said Dumbledore, and what 
did you do with it? 

We went back to the tent, said Crouch. Then we 
heard them. We heard the Death Eaters. The ones 
who had never been to Azkaban. The ones who had 
never suffered for my master. They had turned their 
backs on him. They were not enslaved, as I was. They 
were free to seek him, but they did not. They were 
merely making sport of Muggles. The sound of their 
voices awoke me. My mind was clearer than it had 
been in years. I was angry. I had the wand. I wanted 
to attack them for their disloyalty to my master. My 
father had left the tent; he had gone to free the 
Muggles. Winky was afraid to see me so angry. She 
used her own brand of magic to bind me to her. She 
pulled me from the tent, pulled me into the forest, 
away from the Death Eaters. I tried to hold her back. I 
wanted to return to the campsite. I wanted to show 
those Death Eaters what loyalty to the Dark Lord 



  758 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




meant, and to punish them for their lack of it. I used 
the stolen wand to cast the Dark Mark into the sky. 

Ministry wizards arrived. They shot Stunning Spells 
everywhere. One of the spells came through the trees 
where Winky and I stood. The bond connecting us 
was broken. We were both Stunned. 

When Winky was discovered, my father knew I must 
be nearby. He searched the bushes where she had 
been found and felt me lying there. He waited until 
the other Ministry members had left the forest. He put 
me back under the Imperius Curse and took me 
home. He dismissed Winky. She had failed him. She 
had let me acquire a wand. She had almost let me 
escape. 

Winky let out a wail of despair. 

Now it was just Father and I, alone in the house. And 
then ... and then ... Crouchs head rolled on his 
neck, and an insane grin spread across his face. My 
master came for me. 

He arrived at our house late one night in the arms of 
his servant Wormtail. My master had found out that I 
was still alive. He had captured Bertha Jorkins in 
Albania. He had tortured her. She told him a great 
deal. She told him about the Triwizard Tournament. 
She told him the old Auror, Moody, was going to teach 
at Hogwarts. He tortured her until he broke through 
the Memory Charm my father had placed upon her. 
She told him I had escaped from Azkaban. She told 
him my father kept me imprisoned to prevent me from 
seeking my master. And so my master knew that I 
was still his faithful servant  perhaps the most 
faithful of all. My master conceived a plan, based 
upon the information Bertha had given him. He 



  759 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




needed me. He arrived at our house near midnight. 

My father answered the door. 

The smile spread wider over Crouchs face, as though 
recalling the sweetest memory of his life. Winkys 
petrified brown eyes were visible through her fingers. 
She seemed too appalled to speak. 

It was very quick. My father was placed under the 
Imperius Curse by my master. Now my father was the 
one imprisoned, controlled. My master forced him to 
go about his business as usual, to act as though 
nothing was wrong. And I was released. I awoke. I 
was myself again, alive as I hadnt been in years. 

And what did Lord Voldemort ask you to do? said 
Dumbledore. 

He asked me whether I was ready to risk everything 
for him. I was ready. It was my dream, my greatest 
ambition, to serve him, to prove myself to him. He 
told me he needed to place a faithful servant at 
Hogwarts. A servant who would guide Harry Potter 
through the Triwizard Tournament without appearing 
to do so. A servant who would watch over Harry 
Potter. Ensure he reached the Triwizard Cup. Turn 
the cup into a Portkey, which would take the first 
person to touch it to my master. But first   

You needed Alastor Moody, said Dumbledore. His 
blue eyes were blazing, though his voice remained 
calm. 

Wormtail and I did it. We had prepared the Polyjuice 
Potion beforehand. We journeyed to his house. Moody 
put up a struggle. There was a commotion. We 
managed to subdue him just in time. Forced him into 
a compartment of his own magical trunk. Took some 
of his hair and added it to the potion. I drank it; I 
  760 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




became Moodys double. I took his leg and his eye. I 
was ready to face Arthur Weasley when he arrived to 
sort out the Muggles who had heard a disturbance. I 
made the dustbins move around the yard. I told 
Arthur Weasley I had heard intruders in my yard, 
who had set off the dustbins. Then I packed up 
Moodys clothes and Dark detectors, put them in the 
trunk with Moody, and set off for Hogwarts. I kept 
him alive, under the Imperius Curse. I wanted to be 
able to question him. To find out about his past, learn 
his habits, so that I could fool even Dumbledore. I 
also needed his hair to make the Polyjuice Potion. The 
other ingredients were easy. I stole boomslang skin 
from the dungeons. When the Potions master found 
me in his office, I said I was under orders to search 
it. 

And what became of Wormtail after you attacked 
Moody? said Dumbledore. 

Wormtail returned to care for my master, in my 
fathers house, and to keep watch over my father. 

But your father escaped, said Dumbledore. 

Yes. After a while he began to fight the Imperius 
Curse just as I had done. There were periods when he 
knew what was happening. My master decided it was 
no longer safe for my father to leave the house. He 
forced him to send letters to the Ministry instead. He 
made him write and say he was ill. But Wormtail 
neglected his duty. He was not watchful enough. My 
father escaped. My master guessed that he was 
heading for Hogwarts. My father was going to tell 
Dumbledore everything, to confess. He was going to 
admit that he had smuggled me from Azkaban. 

My master sent me word of my fathers escape. He 
told me to stop him at all costs. So I waited and 

  761 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




watched. I used the map I had taken from Harry 
Potter. The map that had almost mined everything. 

Map? said Dumbledore quickly. What map is this? 

Potters map of Hogwarts. Potter saw me on it. Potter 
saw me stealing more ingredients for the Polyjuice 
Potion from Snapes office one night. He thought I was 
my father. We have the same first name. I took the 
map from Potter that night. I told him my father 
hated Dark wizards. Potter believed my father was 
after Snape. 

For a week I waited for my father to arrive at 
Hogwarts. At last, one evening, the map showed my 
father entering the grounds. I pulled on my Invisibility 
Cloak and went down to meet him. He was walking 
around the edge of the forest. Then Potter came, and 
Krum. I waited. I could not hurt Potter; my master 
needed him. Potter ran to get Dumbledore. I Stunned 
Krum. I killed my father. 

iVoooo! wailed Winky. Master Barty, Master Barty, 
what is you saying? 

You killed your father, Dumbledore said, in the 
same soft voice. What did you do with the body? 

Carried it into the forest. Covered it with the 
Invisibility Cloak. I had the map with me. I watched 
Potter run into the castle. He met Snape. Dumbledore 
joined them. I watched Potter bringing Dumbledore 
out of the castle. I walked back out of the forest, 
doubled around behind them, went to meet them. I 
told Dumbledore Snape had told me where to come. 

Dumbledore told me to go and look for my father. I 
went back to my fathers body. Watched the map. 
When everyone was gone, I Transfigured my fathers 

  762 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




body. He became a bone ... I buried it, while wearing 
the Invisibility Cloak, in the freshly dug earth in front 
of Hagrids cabin. 

There was complete silence now, except for Winkys 
continued sobs. Then Dumbledore said, And tonight 



I offered to carry the Triwizard Cup into the maze 
before dinner, whispered Barty Crouch. Turned it 
into a Portkey. My masters plan worked. He is 
returned to power and I will be honored by him 
beyond the dreams of wizards. 

The insane smile lit his features once more, and his 
head drooped onto his shoulder as Winky wailed and 
sobbed at his side. 



  763 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE PARTING OF THE WAYS 

Dumbledore stood up. He stared down at Barty 
Crouch for a moment with disgust on his face. Then 
he raised his wand once more and ropes flew out of it, 
ropes that twisted themselves around Barty Crouch, 
binding him tightly. He turned to Professor 
McGonagall. 

Minerva, could I ask you to stand guard here while I 
take Harry upstairs? 

Of course, said Professor McGonagall. She looked 
slightly nauseous, as though she had just watched 
someone being sick. However, when she drew out her 
wand and pointed it at Barty Crouch, her hand was 
quite steady. 

Severus  Dumbledore turned to Snape  please 
tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here; we need to 
get Alastor Moody into the hospital wing. Then go 
down into the grounds, find Cornelius Fudge, and 
bring him up to this office. He will undoubtedly want 



  764 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



to question Crouch himself. Tell him I will be in the 
hospital wing in half an hours time if he needs me. 

Snape nodded silently and swept out of the room. 

Harry? Dumbledore said gently. 

Harry got up and swayed again; the pain in his leg, 
which he had not noticed all the time he had been 
listening to Crouch, now returned in full measure. He 
also realized that he was shaking. Dumbledore 
gripped his arm and helped him out into the dark 
corridor. 

I want you to come up to my office first, Harry, he 
said quietly as they headed up the passageway. 

Sirius is waiting for us there. 

Harry nodded. A kind of numbness and a sense of 
complete unreality were upon him, but he did not 
care; he was even glad of it. He didnt want to have to 
think about anything that had happened since he had 
first touched the Triwizard Cup. He didnt want to 
have to examine the memories, fresh and sharp as 
photographs, which kept flashing across his mind. 
MadEye Moody, inside the trunk. Wormtail, slumped 
on the ground, cradling his stump of an arm. 
Voldemort, rising from the steaming cauldron. Cedric 
. . . dead . . . Cedric, asking to be returned to his 
parents. ... 

Professor, Harry mumbled, where are Mr. and Mrs. 
Diggory? 

They are with Professor Sprout, said Dumbledore. 
His voice, which had been so calm throughout the 
interrogation of Barty Crouch, shook very slightly for 
the first time. She was Head of Cedrics house, and 
knew him best. 

  765 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They had reached the stone gargoyle. Dumbledore 
gave the password, it sprang aside, and he and Harry 
went up the moving spiral staircase to the oak door. 
Dumbledore pushed it open. Sirius was standing 
there. His face was white and gaunt as it had been 
when he had escaped Azkaban. In one swift moment, 
he had crossed the room. 

Harry, are you all right? I knew it  I knew 
something like this  what happened? 

His hands shook as he helped Harry into a chair in 
front of the desk. 

What happened? he asked more urgently. 

Dumbledore began to tell Sirius everything Barty 
Crouch had said. Harry was only half listening. So 
tired every bone in his body was aching, he wanted 
nothing more than to sit here, undisturbed, for hours 
and hours, until he fell asleep and didnt have to 
think or feel anymore. 

There was a soft rush of wings. Fawkes the phoenix 
had left his perch, flown across the office, and landed 
on Harrys knee. 

 Lo, Fawkes, said Harry quietly. He stroked the 
phoenixs beautiful scarletandgold plumage. Fawkes 
blinked peacefully up at him. There was something 
comforting about his warm weight. 

Dumbledore stopped talking. He sat down opposite 
Harry, behind his desk. He was looking at Harry, who 
avoided his eyes. Dumbledore was going to question 
him. He was going to make Harry relive everything. 

I need to know what happened after you touched the 
Portkey in the maze, Harry, said Dumbledore. 

  766 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




We can leave that till morning, cant we, 
Dumbledore? said Sirius harshly. He had put a hand 
on Harrys shoulder. Let him have a sleep. Let him 
rest. 

Harry felt a rush of gratitude toward Sirius, but 
Dumbledore took no notice of Siriuss words. He 
leaned forward toward Harry. Very unwillingly, Harry 
raised his head and looked into those blue eyes. 

If I thought I could help you, Dumbledore said 
gently, by putting you into an enchanted sleep and 
allowing you to postpone the moment when you 
would have to think about what has happened 
tonight, I would do it. But I know better. Numbing the 
pain for a while will make it worse when you finally 
feel it. You have shown bravery beyond anything I 
could have expected of you. I ask you to demonstrate 
your courage one more time. I ask you to tell us what 
happened. 

The phoenix let out one soft, quavering note. It 
shivered in the air, and Harry felt as though a drop of 
hot liquid had slipped down his throat into his 
stomach, warming him, and strengthening him. 

He took a deep breath and began to tell them. As he 
spoke, visions of everything that had passed that 
night seemed to rise before his eyes; he saw the 
sparkling surface of the potion that had revived 
Voldemort; he saw the Death Eaters Apparating 
between the graves around them; he saw Cedrics 
body, lying on the ground beside the cup. 

Once or twice, Sirius made a noise as though about to 
say something, his hand still tight on Harrys 
shoulder, but Dumbledore raised his hand to stop 
him, and Harry was glad of this, because it was easier 
to keep going now he had started. It was even a relief; 
  767 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




he felt almost as though something poisonous were 
being extracted from him. It was costing him every bit 
of determination he had to keep talking, yet he sensed 
that once he had finished, he would feel better. 

When Harry told of Wormtail piercing his arm with 
the dagger, however, Sirius let out a vehement 
exclamation and Dumbledore stood up so quickly that 
Harry started. Dumbledore walked around the desk 
and told Harry to stretch out his arm. Harry showed 
them both the place where his robes were torn and 
the cut beneath them. 

He said my blood would make him stronger than if 
hed used someone elses, Harry told Dumbledore. 

He said the protection my  my mother left in me  
hed have it too. And he was right  he could touch 
me without hurting himself, he touched my face. 

For a fleeting instant, Harry thought he saw a gleam 
of something like triumph in Dumbledore s eyes. But 
next second, Harry was sure he had imagined it, for 
when Dumbledore had returned to his seat behind 
the desk, he looked as old and weary as Harry had 
ever seen him. 

Very well, he said, sitting down again. Voldemort 
has overcome that particular barrier. Harry, continue, 
please. 

Harry went on; he explained how Voldemort had 
emerged from the cauldron, and told them all he 
could remember of Voldemorts speech to the Death 
Eaters. Then he told how Voldemort had untied him, 
returned his wand to him, and prepared to duel. 

But when he reached the part where the golden beam 
of light had connected his and Voldemorts wands, he 
found his throat obstructed. He tried to keep talking, 

  768 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




but the memories of what had come out of 
Voldemorts wand were flooding into his mind. He 
could see Cedric emerging, see the old man, Bertha 
Jorkins ... his father ... his mother ... 

He was glad when Sirius broke the silence. 

The wands connected? he said, looking from Harry 
to Dumbledore. Why? 

Harry looked up at Dumbledore again, on whose face 
there was an arrested look. 

Priori Incantatem, he muttered. 

His eyes gazed into Harrys and it was almost as 
though an invisible beam of understanding shot 
between them. 

The Reverse Spell effect? said Sirius sharply. 

Exactly, said Dumbledore. Harrys wand and 
Voldemorts wand share cores. Each of them contains 
a feather from the tail of the same phoenix. This 
phoenix, in fact, he added, and he pointed at the 
scarletandgold bird, perching peacefully on Harrys 
knee. 

My wands feather came from Fawkes? Harry said, 
amazed. 

Yes, said Dumbledore. Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell 
me you had bought the second wand, the moment 
you left his shop four years ago. 

So what happens when a wand meets its brother? 
said Sirius. 



  769 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




They will not work properly against each other, said 
Dumbledore. If, however, the owners of the wands 
force the wands to do battle ... a very rare effect will 
take place. One of the wands will force the other to 
regurgitate spells it has performed  in reverse. The 
most recent first ... and then those which preceded it. 



He looked interrogatively at Harry, and Harry nodded. 

Which means, said Dumbledore slowly, his eyes 
upon Harrys face, that some form of Cedric must 
have reappeared. 

Harry nodded again. 

Diggory came back to life? said Sirius sharply. 

No spell can reawaken the dead, said Dumbledore 
heavily. All that would have happened is a kind of 
reverse echo. A shadow of the living Cedric would 
have emerged from the wand . . . am I correct, Harry? 

He spoke to me, Harry said. He was suddenly 
shaking again. The ... the ghost Cedric, or whatever 
he was, spoke. 

An echo, said Dumbledore, which retained Cedrics 
appearance and character. I am guessing other such 
forms appeared ... less recent victims of Voldemorts 
wand. ... 

An old man, Harry said, his throat still constricted. 
Bertha Jorkins. And ... 

Your parents? said Dumbledore quietly. 

Yes, said Harry. 



  770 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Siriuss grip on Harrys shoulder was now so tight it 
was painful. 

The last murders the wand performed, said 
Dumbledore, nodding. In reverse order. More would 
have appeared, of course, had you maintained the 
connection. Very well, Harry, these echoes, these 
shadows . . . what did they do? 

Harry described how the figures that had emerged 
from the wand had prowled the edges of the golden 
web, how Voldemort had seemed to fear them, how 
the shadow of Harrys father had told him what to do, 
how Cedrics had made its final request. 

At this point, Harry found he could not continue. He 
looked around at Sirius and saw that he had his face 
in his hands. 

Harry suddenly became aware that Fawkes had left 
his knee. The phoenix had fluttered to the floor. It 
was resting its beautiful head against Harrys injured 
leg, and thick, pearly tears were falling from its eyes 
onto the wound left by the spider. The pain vanished. 
The skin mended. His leg was repaired. 

I will say it again, said Dumbledore as the phoenix 
rose into the air and resettled itself upon the perch 
beside the door. You have shown bravery beyond 
anything I could have expected of you tonight, Harry. 
You have shown bravery equal to those who died 
fighting Voldemort at the height of his powers. You 
have shouldered a grown wizards burden and found 
yourself equal to it  and you have now given us all 
that we have a right to expect. You will come with me 
to the hospital wing. I do not want you returning to 
the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some 
peace ... Sirius, would you like to stay with him? 



  771 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Sirius nodded and stood up. He transformed back 
into the great black dog and walked with Harry and 
Dumbledore out of the office, accompanying them 
down a flight of stairs to the hospital wing. 

When Dumbledore pushed open the door, Harry saw 
Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione grouped 
around a harassedlooking Madam Pomfrey. They 
appeared to be demanding to know where Harry was 
and what had happened to him. All of them whipped 
around as Harry, Dumbledore, and the black dog 
entered, and Mrs. Weasley let out a kind of muffled 
scream. 

Harry! Oh Harry! 

She started to hurry toward him, but Dumbledore 
moved between them. 

Molly, he said, holding up a hand, please listen to 
me for a moment. Harry has been through a terrible 
ordeal tonight. He has just had to relive it for me. 
What he needs now is sleep, and peace, and quiet. If 
he would like you all to stay with him, he added, 
looking around at Ron, Hermione, and Bill too, you 
may do so. But I do not want you questioning him 
until he is ready to answer, and certainly not this 
evening. 

Mrs. Weasley nodded. She was very white. She 
rounded on Ron, Hermione, and Bill as though they 
were being noisy, and hissed, Did you hear? He 
needs quiet! 

Headmaster, said Madam Pomfrey, staring at the 
great black dog that was Sirius, may I ask what  ? 

This dog will be remaining with Harry for a while, 
said Dumbledore simply. I assure you, he is 

  772 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




extremely well trained. Harry  I will wait while you 
get into bed. 

Harry felt an inexpressible sense of gratitude to 
Dumbledore for asking the others not to question 
him. It wasnt as though he didnt want them there; 
but the thought of explaining it all over again, the 
idea of reliving it one more time, was more than he 
could stand. 

I will be back to see you as soon as I have met with 
Fudge, Harry, said Dumbledore. I would like you to 
remain here tomorrow until I have spoken to the 
school. He left. 

As Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, he 
caught sight of the real Moody lying motionless in a 
bed at the far end of the room. His wooden leg and 
magical eye were lying on the bedside table. 

Is he okay? Harry asked. 

Hell be fine, said Madam Pomfrey, giving Harry 
some pajamas and pulling screens around him. He 
took off his robes, pulled on the pajamas, and got into 
bed. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black 
dog came around the screen and settled themselves 
in chairs on either side of him. Ron and Hermione 
were looking at him almost cautiously, as though 
scared of him. 

Im all right, he told them. Just tired. 

Mrs. Weasleys eyes filled with tears as she smoothed 
his bedcovers unnecessarily. 

Madam Pomfrey, who had bustled off to her office, 
returned holding a small bottle of some purple potion 
and a goblet. 

  773 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Youll need to drink all of this, Harry, she said. Its 
a potion for dreamless sleep. 

Harry took the goblet and drank a few mouthfuls. He 
felt himself becoming drowsy at once. Everything 
around him became hazy; the lamps around the 
hospital wing seemed to be winking at him in a 
friendly way through the screen around his bed; his 
body felt as though it was sinking deeper into the 
warmth of the feather matress. Before he could finish 
the potion, before he could say another word, his 
exhaustion had carried him off to sleep. 

Harry woke up, so warm, so very sleepy, that he 
didnt open his eyes, wanting to drop off again. The 
room was still dimly lit; he was sure it was still 
nighttime and had a feeling that he couldnt have 
been asleep very long. 

Then he heard whispering around him. 

Theyll wake him if they dont shut up! 

What are they shouting about? Nothing else can 
have happened, can it? 

Harry opened his eyes blearily Someone had removed 
his glasses. He could see the fuzzy outlines of Mrs. 
Weasley and Bill close by. Mrs. Weasley was on her 
feet. 

Thats Fudges voice, she whispered. And thats 
Minerva McGonagalls, isnt it? But what are they 
arguing about? 

Now Harry could hear them too: people shouting and 
running toward the hospital wing. 



  774 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva   Cornelius 
Fudge was saying loudly. 

You should never have brought it inside the castle! 
yelled Professor McGonagall. When Dumbledore 
finds out   

Harry heard the hospital doors burst open. Unnoticed 
by any of the people around his bed, all of whom were 
staring at the door as Bill pulled back the screens, 
Harry sat up and put his glasses back on. 

Fudge came striding up the ward. Professors 
McGonagall and Snape were at his heels. 

Wheres Dumbledore? Fudge demanded of Mrs. 
Weasley. 

Hes not here, said Mrs. Weasley angrily. This is a 
hospital wing, Minister, dont you think youd do 
better to   

But the door opened, and Dumbledore came sweeping 
up the ward. 

What has happened? said Dumbledore sharply, 
looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall. Why 
are you disturbing these people? Minerva, Im 
surprised at you  I asked you to stand guard over 
Barty Crouch   

There is no need to stand guard over him anymore, 
Dumbledore! she shrieked. The Minister has seen to 
that! 

Harry had never seen Professor McGonagall lose 
control like this. There were angry blotches of color in 
her cheeks, and her hands were balled into fists; she 
was trembling with fury. 

  775 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the 
Death Eater responsible for tonights events, said 
Snape, in a low voice, he seemed to feel his personal 
safety was in question. He insisted on summoning a 
dementor to accompany him into the castle. He 
brought it up to the office where Barty Crouch   

I told him you would not agree, Dumbledore! 
Professor McGonagall fumed. I told him you would 
never allow dementors to set foot inside the castle, 
but   

My dear woman! roared Fudge, who likewise looked 
angrier than Harry had ever seen him, as Minister of 
Magic, it is my decision whether I wish to bring 
protection with me when interviewing a possibly 
dangerous   

But Professor McGonagalls voice drowned Fudges. 

The moment that  that thing entered the room, 
she screamed, pointing at Fudge, trembling all over, 
it swooped down on Crouch and  and   

Harry felt a chill in his stomach as Professor 
McGonagall struggled to find words to describe what 
had happened. He did not need her to finish her 
sentence. He knew what the dementor must have 
done. It had administered its fatal kiss to Barty 
Crouch. It had sucked his soul out through his 
mouth. He was worse than dead. 

By all accounts, he is no loss! blustered Fudge. It 
seems he has been responsible for several deaths! 

But he cannot now give testimony, Cornelius, said 
Dumbledore. He was staring hard at Fudge, as 
though seeing him plainly for the first time. He 



  776 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




cannot give evidence about why he killed those 
people. 



Why he killed them? Well, thats no mystery, is it? 
blustered Fudge. He was a raving lunatic! From what 
Minerva and Severus have told me, he seems to have 
thought he was doing it all on YouKnow Whos 
instructions! 

Lord Voldemort was giving him instructions, 
Cornelius, Dumbledore said. Those peoples deaths 
were mere byproducts of a plan to restore Voldemort 
to full strength again. The plan succeeded. Voldemort 
has been restored to his body. 

Fudge looked as though someone had just swung a 
heavy weight into his face. Dazed and blinking, he 
stared back at Dumbledore as if he couldnt quite 
believe what he had just heard. He began to sputter, 
still goggling at Dumbledore. 

YouKnow Who ... returned? Preposterous. Come 
now, Dumbledore ... 

As Minerva and Severus have doubtless told you, 
said Dumbledore, we heard Barry Crouch confess. 
Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how 
he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort 
 learning of his continued existence from Bertha 
Jorkins  went to free him from his father and used 
him to capture Harry. The plan worked, I tell you. 
Crouch has helped Voldemort to return. 

See here, Dumbledore, said Fudge, and Harry was 
astonished to see a slight smile dawning on his face, 
you  you cant seriously believe that. YouKnow 
Who  back? Come now, come now . . . certainly, 
Crouch may have believed himself to be acting upon 

  777 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




YouKnow Whos orders  but to take the word of a 
lunatic like that, Dumbledore ... 

When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he 
was transported straight to Voldemort, said 
Dumbledore steadily. He witnessed Lord Voldemorts 
rebirth. I will explain it all to you if you will step up to 
my office. 

Dumbledore glanced around at Harry and saw that he 
was awake, but shook his head and said, I am afraid 
I cannot permit you to question Harry tonight. 

Fudges curious smile lingered. He too glanced at 
Harry, then looked back at Dumbledore, and said, 
You are  er  prepared to take Harrys word on 
this, are you, Dumbledore? 

There was a moments silence, which was broken by 
Sirius growling. His hackles were raised, and he was 
baring his teeth at Fudge. 

Certainly, I believe Harry, said Dumbledore. His 
eyes were blazing now. I heard Crouchs confession, 
and I heard Harrys account of what happened after 
he touched the Triwizard Cup; the two stories make 
sense, they explain everything that has happened 
since Bertha Jorkins disappeared last summer. 

Fudge still had that strange smile on his face. Once 
again, he glanced at Harry before answering. 

You are prepared to believe that Lord Voldemort has 
returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a 
boy who ... well ... 

Fudge shot Harry another look, and Harry suddenly 
understood. 



  778 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Youve been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge, he 
said quietly. 

Ron, Hermione, Mrs. Weasley, and Bill all jumped. 
None of them had realized that Harry was awake. 

Fudge reddened slightly, but a defiant and obstinate 
look came over his face. 

And if I have? he said, looking at Dumbledore. If I 
have discovered that youve been keeping certain facts 
about the boy very quiet? A Parselmouth, eh? And 
having funny turns all over the place   

I assume that you are referring to the pains Harry 
has been experiencing in his scar? said Dumbledore 
coolly. 

You admit that he has been having these pains, 
then? said Fudge quickly. Headaches? Nightmares? 
Possibly  hallucinations? 

Listen to me, Cornelius, said Dumbledore, taking a 
step toward Fudge, and once again, he seemed to 
radiate that indefinable sense of power that Harry 
had felt after Dumbledore had Stunned young 
Crouch. Harry is as sane as you or I. That scar upon 
his forehead has not addled his brains. I believe it 
hurts him when Lord Voldemort is close by, or feeling 
particularly murderous. 

Fudge had taken half a step back from Dumbledore, 
but he looked no less stubborn. 

Youll forgive me, Dumbledore, but Ive never heard 
of a curse scar acting as an alarm bell before. ... 

Look, I saw Voldemort come back! Harry shouted. 

He tried to get out of bed again, but Mrs. Weasley 

  779 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




forced him back. I saw the Death Eaters! I can give 
you their names! Lucius Malfoy   

Snape made a sudden movement, but as Harry 
looked at him, Snapes eyes flew back to Fudge. 

Malfoy was cleared! said Fudge, visibly affronted. A 
very old family  donations to excellent causes   

Macnair! Harry continued. 

Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry! 

Avery  Nott  Crabbe  Goyle   

You are merely repeating the names of those who 
were acquitted of being Death Eaters thirteen years 
ago! said Fudge angrily. You could have found those 
names in old reports of the trials! For heavens sake, 
Dumbledore  the boy was full of some crackpot 
story at the end of last year too  his tales are getting 
taller, and youre still swallowing them  the boy can 
talk to snakes, Dumbledore, and you still think hes 
trustworthy? 

You fool! Professor McGonagall cried. Cedric 
Diggory! Mr. Crouch! These deaths were not the 
random work of a lunatic! 

I see no evidence to the contrary! shouted Fudge, 
now matching her anger, his face purpling. It seems 
to me that you are all determined to start a panic that 
will destabilize everything we have worked for these 
last thirteen years! 

Harry couldnt believe what he was hearing. He had 
always thought of Fudge as a kindly figure, a little 
blustering, a little pompous, but essentially good 
natured. But now a short, angry wizard stood before 

  780 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




him, refusing, pointblank, to accept the prospect of 
disruption in his comfortable and ordered world  to 
believe that Voldemort could have risen. 

Voldemort has returned, Dumbledore repeated. If 
you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take 
the necessary measures, we may still be able to save 
the situation. The first and most essential step is to 
remove Azkaban from the control of the dementors   

Preposterous! shouted Fudge again. Remove the 
dementors? Id be kicked out of office for suggesting 
it! Half of us only feel safe in our beds at night 
because we know the dementors are standing guard 
at Azkaban! 

The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, 
Cornelius, knowing that you have put Lord 
Voldemort s most dangerous supporters in the care of 
creatures who will join him the instant he asks them! 
said Dumbledore. They will not remain loyal to you, 
Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more scope 
for their powers and their pleasures than you can! 
With the dementors behind him, and his old 
supporters returned to him, you will be hardpressed 
to stop him regaining the sort of power he had 
thirteen years ago! 

Fudge was opening and closing his mouth as though 
no words could express his outrage. 

The second step you must take  and at once, 
Dumbledore pressed on, is to send envoys to the 
giants. 

Envoys to the giants? Fudge shrieked, finding his 
tongue again. What madness is this? 



  781 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is 
too late, said Dumbledore, or Voldemort will 
persuade them, as he did before, that he alone among 
wizards will give them their rights and their freedom! 

You  you cannot be serious! Fudge gasped, 
shaking his head and retreating further from 
Dumbledore. If the magical community got wind that 
I had approached the giants  people hate them, 
Dumbledore  end of my career   

You are blinded, said Dumbledore, his voice rising 
now, the aura of power around him palpable, his eyes 
blazing once more, by the love of the office you hold, 
Cornelius! You place too much importance, and you 
always have done, on the socalled purity of blood! 

You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone 
is born, but what they grow to be! Your dementor has 
just destroyed the last remaining member of a pure 
blood family as old as any  and see what that man 
chose to make of his life! I tell you now  take the 
steps I have suggested, and you will be remembered, 
in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest 
Ministers of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act  
and history will remember you as the man who 
stepped aside and allowed Voldemort a second chance 
to destroy the world we have tried to rebuild! 

Insane, whispered Fudge, still backing away. Mad 



And then there was silence. Madam Pomfrey was 
standing frozen at the foot of Harrys bed, her hands 
over her mouth. Mrs. Weasley was still standing over 
Harry, her hand on his shoulder to prevent him from 
rising. Bill, Ron, and Hermione were staring at Fudge. 

If your determination to shut your eyes will carry you 
as far as this, Cornelius, said Dumbledore, we have 

  782 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




reached a parting of the ways. You must act as you 
see fit. And I  I shall act as I see fit. 

Dumbledore s voice carried no hint of a threat; it 
sounded like a mere statement, but Fudge bristled as 
though Dumbledore were advancing upon him with a 
wand. 

Now, see here, Dumbledore, he said, waving a 
threatening finger. Ive given you free rein, always. 

Ive had a lot of respect for you. I might not have 
agreed with some of your decisions, but Ive kept 
quiet. There arent many whod have let you hire 
werewolves, or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach 
your students without reference to the Ministry. But if 
youre going to work against me   

The only one against whom I intend to work, said 
Dumbledore, is Lord Voldemort. If you are against 
him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side. 

It seemed Fudge could think of no answer to this. He 
rocked backward and forward on his small feet for a 
moment and spun his bowler hat in his hands. 

Finally, he said, with a hint of a plea in his voice, He 
cant be back, Dumbledore, he just cant be ... 

Snape strode forward, past Dumbledore, pulling up 
the left sleeve of his robes as he went. He stuck out 
his forearm and showed it to Fudge, who recoiled. 

There, said Snape harshly. There. The Dark Mark. 

It is not as clear as it was an hour or so ago, when it 
burned black, but you can still see it. Every Death 
Eater had the sign burned into him by the Dark Lord. 
It was a means of distinguishing one another, and his 
means of summoning us to him. When he touched 
the Mark of any Death Eater, we were to Disapparate, 
and Apparate, instantly, at his side. This Mark has 
  783 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




been growing clearer all year. Karkaroffs too. Why do 
you think Karkaroff fled tonight? We both felt the 
Mark burn. We both knew he had returned. Karkaroff 
fears the Dark Lords vengeance. He betrayed too 
many of his fellow Death Eaters to be sure of a 
welcome back into the fold. 

Fudge stepped back from Snape too. He was shaking 
his head. He did not seem to have taken in a word 
Snape had said. He stared, apparently repelled by the 
ugly mark on Snape s arm, then looked up at 
Dumbledore and whispered, I dont know what you 
and your staff are playing at, Dumbledore, but I have 
heard enough. I have no more to add. I will be in 
touch with you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to discuss the 
running of this school. I must return to the Ministry. 

He had almost reached the door when he paused. He 
turned around, strode back down the dormitory, and 
stopped at Harrys bed. 

Your winnings, he said shortly, taking a large bag of 
gold out of his pocket and dropping it onto Harrys 
bedside table. One thousand Galleons. There should 
have been a presentation ceremony, but under the 
circumstances ... 

He crammed his bowler hat onto his head and walked 
out of the room, slamming the door behind him. The 
moment he had disappeared, Dumbledore turned to 
look at the group around Harrys bed. 

There is work to be done, he said. Molly ... am I 
right in thinking that I can count on you and 
Arthur? 

Of course you can, said Mrs. Weasley. She was 
white to the lips, but she looked resolute. We know 
what Fudge is. Its Arthurs fondness for Muggles that 

  784 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




has held him back at the Ministry all these years. 
Fudge thinks he lacks proper wizarding pride. 

Then I need to send a message to Arthur, said 
Dumbledore. All those that we can persuade of the 
truth must be notified immediately, and he is well 
placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as 
shortsighted as Cornelius. 

Ill go to Dad, said Bill, standing up. Ill go now. 

Excellent, said Dumbledore. Tell him what has 
happened. Tell him I will be in direct contact with him 
shortly. He will need to be discreet, however. If Fudge 
thinks I am interfering at the Ministry   

Leave it to me, said Bill. 

He clapped a hand on Harrys shoulder, kissed his 
mother on the cheek, pulled on his cloak, and strode 
quickly from the room. 

Minerva, said Dumbledore, turning to Professor 
McGonagall, I want to see Hagrid in my office as 
soon as possible. Also  if she will consent to come  
Madame Maxime. 

Professor McGonagall nodded and left without a word. 

Poppy, Dumbledore said to Madam Pomfrey, would 
you be very kind and go down to Professor Moodys 
office, where I think you will find a houseelf called 
Winky in considerable distress? Do what you can for 
her, and take her back to the kitchens. I think Dobby 
will look after her for us. 

Very  very well, said Madam Pomfrey, looking 
startled, and she too left. 



  785 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Dumbledore made sure that the door was closed, and 
that Madam Pomfreys footsteps had died away, 
before he spoke again. 

And now, he said, it is time for two of our number 
to recognize each other for what they are. Sirius ... if 
you could resume your usual form. 

The great black dog looked up at Dumbledore, then, 
in an instant, turned back into a man. 

Mrs. Weasley screamed and leapt back from the bed. 

Sirius Black! she shrieked, pointing at him. 

Mum, shut up! Ron yelled. Its okay! 

Snape had not yelled or jumped backward, but the 
look on his face was one of mingled fury and horror. 

Him! he snarled, staring at Sirius, whose face 
showed equal dislike. What is he doing here? 

He is here at my invitation, said Dumbledore, 
looking between them, as are you, Severus. I trust 
you both. It is time for you to lay aside your old 
differences and trust each other. 

Harry thought Dumbledore was asking for a near 
miracle. Sirius and Snape were eyeing each other 
with the utmost loathing. 

I will settle, in the short term, said Dumbledore, 
with a bite of impatience in his voice, for a lack of 
open hostility. You will shake hands. You are on the 
same side now. Time is short, and unless the few of 
us who know the truth do not stand united, there is 
no hope for any of us. 



  786 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Very slowly  but still glaring at each other as 
though each wished the other nothing but ill  Sirius 
and Snape moved toward each other and shook 
hands. They let go extremely quickly. 

That will do to be going on with, said Dumbledore, 
stepping between them once more. Now I have work 
for each of you. Fudges attitude, though not 
unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, I need you to 
set off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella 
Figg, Mundungus Fletcher  the old crowd. Lie low at 
Lupins for a while; I will contact you there. 

But   said Harry. 

He wanted Sirius to stay. He did not want to have to 
say goodbye again so quickly. 

Youll see me very soon, Harry, said Sirius, turning 
to him. I promise you. But I must do what I can, you 
understand, dont you? 

Yeah, said Harry. Yeah ... of course I do. 

Sirius grasped his hand briefly, nodded to 
Dumbledore, transformed again into the black dog, 
and ran the length of the room to the door, whose 
handle he turned with a paw. Then he was gone. 

Severus, said Dumbledore, turning to Snape, you 
know what I must ask you to do. If you are ready ... if 
you are prepared ... 

I am, said Snape. 

He looked slightly paler than usual, and his cold, 
black eyes glittered strangely. 



  787 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Then good luck, said Dumbledore, and he watched, 
with a trace of apprehension on his face, as Snape 
swept wordlessly after Sirius. 

It was several minutes before Dumbledore spoke 
again. 

I must go downstairs, he said finally. I must see the 
Diggorys. Harry  take the rest of your potion. I will 
see all of you later. 

Harry slumped back against his pillows as 
Dumbledore disappeared. Hermione, Ron, and Mrs. 
Weasley were all looking at him. None of them spoke 
for a very long time. 

Youve got to take the rest of your potion, Harry, 

Mrs. Weasley said at last. Her hand nudged the sack 
of gold on his bedside cabinet as she reached for the 
bottle and the goblet. You have a good long sleep. Try 
and think about something else for a while . . . think 
about what youre going to buy with your winnings! 

I dont want that gold, said Harry in an 
expressionless voice. You have it. Anyone can have 
it. I shouldnt have won it. It shouldve been Cedrics. 

The thing against which he had been fighting on and 
off ever since he had come out of the maze was 
threatening to overpower him. He could feel a 
burning, prickling feeling in the inner corners of his 
eyes. He blinked and stared up at the ceiling. 

It wasnt your fault, Harry, Mrs. Weasley whispered. 

I told him to take the cup with me, said Harry. 

Now the burning feeling was in his throat too. He 
wished Ron would look away. 

  788 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Mrs. Weasley set the potion down on the bedside 
cabinet, bent down, and put her arms around Harry. 
He had no memory of ever being hugged like this, as 
though by a mother. The full weight of everything he 
had seen that night seemed to fall in upon him as 
Mrs. Weasley held him to her. His mothers face, his 
fathers voice, the sight of Cedric, dead on the ground 
all started spinning in his head until he could hardly 
bear it, until he was screwing up his face against the 
howl of misery fighting to get out of him. 

There was a loud slamming noise, and Mrs. Weasley 
and Harry broke apart. Hermione was standing by the 
window. She was holding something tight in her 
hand. 

Sorry, she whispered. 

Your potion, Harry, said Mrs. Weasley quickly, 
wiping her eyes on the back of her hand. 

Harry drank it in one gulp. The effect was 
instantaneous. Heavy, irresistible waves of dreamless 
sleep broke over him; he fell back onto his pillows and 
thought no more. 



  789 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   






THE BEGINNING 

When he looked back, even a month later, Harry 
found he had only scattered memories of the next few 
days. It was as though he had been through too much 
to take in any more. The recollections he did have 
were very painful. The worst, perhaps, was the 
meeting with the Diggorys that took place the 
following morning. 

They did not blame him for what had happened; on 
the contrary, both thanked him for returning Cedrics 
body to them. Mr. Diggory sobbed through most of 
the interview. Mrs. Diggory s grief seemed to be 
beyond tears. 

He suffered very little then, she said, when Harry 
had told her how Cedric had died. And after all, 

Amos ... he died just when hed won the tournament. 
He must have been happy. 

When they got to their feet, she looked down at Harry 
and said, You look after yourself, now. 

  790 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   



Harry seized the sack of gold on the bedside table. 

You take this, he muttered to her. It shouldve been 
Cedrics, he got there first, you take it   

But she backed away from him. 

Oh no, its yours, dear, I couldnt ... you keep it. 

Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the following 
evening. From what Hermione and Ron told him, 
Dumbledore had spoken to the school that morning 
at breakfast. He had merely requested that they leave 
Harry alone, that nobody ask him questions or badger 
him to tell the story of what had happened in the 
maze. Most people, he noticed, were skirting him in 
the corridors, avoiding his eyes. Some whispered 
behind their hands as he passed. He guessed that 
many of them had believed Rita Skeeters article 
about how disturbed and possibly dangerous he was. 
Perhaps they were formulating their own theories 
about how Cedric had died. He found he didnt care 
very much. He liked it best when he was with Ron 
and Hermione and they were talking about other 
things, or else letting him sit in silence while they 
played chess. He felt as though all three of them had 
reached an understanding they didnt need to put 
into words; that each was waiting for some sign, some 
word, of what was going on outside Hogwarts  and 
that it was useless to speculate about what might be 
coming until they knew anything for certain. The only 
time they touched upon the subject was when Ron 
told Harry about a meeting Mrs. Weasley had had 
with Dumbledore before going home. 

She went to ask him if you could come straight to us 
this summer, he said. But he wants you to go back 
to the Dursleys, at least at first. 



  791 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Why? said Harry. 

She said Dumbledores got his reasons, said Ron, 
shaking his head darkly. I suppose weve got to trust 
him, havent we? 

The only person apart from Ron and Hermione that 
Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid. As there was no 
longer a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, they 
had those lessons free. They used the one on 
Thursday afternoon to go down and visit Hagrid in his 
cabin. It was a bright and sunny day; Fang bounded 
out of the open door as they approached, barking and 
wagging his tail madly. 

Whos that? called Hagrid, coming to the door. 

 Harry\ 

He strode out to meet them, pulled Harry into a one 
armed hug, ruffled his hair, and said, Good ter see 
yeh, mate. Good ter see yeh. 

They saw two bucketsize cups and saucers on the 
wooden table in front of the fireplace when they 
entered Hagrid s cabin. 

Bin havin a cuppa with Olympe, Hagrid said. Shes 
jus left. 

Who? said Ron curiously. 

Madame Maxime, o course! said Hagrid. 

You two made up, have you? said Ron. 

Dunno what yehre talkin about, said Hagrid airily, 
fetching more cups from the dresser. When he had 
made tea and offered around a plate of doughy 



  792 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




cookies, he leaned back in his chair and surveyed 
Harry closely through his beetleblack eyes. 

You all righ? he said gruffly. 

Yeah, said Harry. 

No, yehre not, said Hagrid.  Course yehre not. But 
yeh will be. 

Harry said nothing. 

Knew he was goin ter come back, said Hagrid, and 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at him, shocked. 
Known it fer years, Harry. Knew he was out there, 
bidin his time. It had ter happen. Well, now it has, 
an well jus have ter get on with it. Well fight. Migh 
be able ter stop him before he gets a good hold. Thats 
Dumbledores plan, anyway. Great man, Dumbledore. 
S long as weve got him, Im not too worried. 

Hagrid raised his bushy eyebrows at the disbelieving 
expressions on their faces. 

No good sittin worryin abou it, he said. Whats 
cornin will come, an well meet it when it does. 
Dumbledore told me wha you did, Harry. 

Hagrids chest swelled as he looked at Harry. 

Yeh did as much as yer father wouldve done, an I 
can give yeh no higher praise than that. 

Harry smiled back at him. It was the first time hed 
smiled in days. Whats Dumbledore asked you to do, 
Hagrid? he asked. He sent Professor McGonagall to 
ask you and Madame Maxime to meet him  that 
night. 



  793 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Got a little job fer me over the summer, said Hagrid. 
Secret, though. Im not spposed ter talk abou it, no, 
not even ter you lot. Olympe  Madame Maxime ter 
you  might be cornin with me. I think she will. 
Think I got her persuaded. 

Is it to do with Voldemort? 

Hagrid flinched at the sound of the name. 

Migh be, he said evasively. Now ... whod like ter 
come an visit the las skrewt with me? I was jokin  
jokin! he added hastily, seeing the looks on their 
faces. 



k k k 



It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed his trunk 
up in the dormitory on the night before his return to 
Privet Drive. He was dreading the Leaving Feast, 
which was usually a cause for celebration, when the 
winner of the InterHouse Championship would be 
announced. He had avoided being in the Great Hall 
when it was full ever since he had left the hospital 
wing, preferring to eat when it was nearly empty to 
avoid the stares of his fellow students. 

When he, Ron, and Hermione entered the Hall, they 
saw at once that the usual decorations were missing. 
The Great Hall was normally decorated with the 
winning Houses colors for the Leaving Feast. Tonight, 
however, there were black drapes on the wall behind 
the teachers table. Harry knew instantly that they 
were there as a mark of respect to Cedric. 

The real MadEye Moody was at the staff table now, 
his wooden leg and his magical eye back in place. He 
was extremely twitchy, jumping every time someone 



  794 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




spoke to him. Harry couldnt blame him; Moodys fear 
of attack was bound to have been increased by his 
tenmonth imprisonment in his own trunk. Professor 
Karkaroffs chair was empty. Harry wondered, as he 
sat down with the other Gryffindors, where Karkaroff 
was now, and whether Voldemort had caught up with 
him. 

Madame Maxime was still there. She was sitting next 
to Hagrid. They were talking quietly together. Further 
along the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, 
was Snape. His eyes lingered on Harry for a moment 
as Harry looked at him. His expression was difficult to 
read. He looked as sour and unpleasant as ever. 

Harry continued to watch him, long after Snape had 
looked away. 

What was it that Snape had done on Dumbledores 
orders, the night that Voldemort had returned? And 
why ... why ... was Dumbledore so convinced that 
Snape was truly on their side? He had been their spy, 
Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve. Snape had 
turned spy against Voldemort, at great personal 
risk. Was that the job he had taken up again? Had 
he made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps? 
Pretended that he had never really gone over to 
Dumbledore, that he had been, like Voldemort 
himself, biding his time? 

Harrys musings were ended by Professor 
Dumbledore, who stood up at the staff table. The 
Great Hall, which in any case had been less noisy 
than it usually was at the Leaving Feast, became very 
quiet. 

The end, said Dumbledore, looking around at them 
all, of another year. 



  795 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He paused, and his eyes fell upon the Hufflepuff 
table. Theirs had been the most subdued table before 
he had gotten to his feet, and theirs were still the 
saddest and palest faces in the Hall. 

There is much that I would like to say to you all 
tonight, said Dumbledore, but I must first 
acknowledge the loss of a very fine person, who 
should be sitting here, he gestured toward the 
Hufflepuffs, enjoying our feast with us. I would like 
you all, please, to stand, and raise your glasses, to 
Cedric Diggory. 

They did it, all of them; the benches scraped as 
everyone in the Hall stood, and raised their goblets, 
and echoed, in one loud, low, rumbling voice, Cedric 
Diggory. 

Harry caught a glimpse of Cho through the crowd. 
There were tears pouring silently down her face. He 
looked down at the table as they all sat down again. 

Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the 
qualities that distinguish Hufflepuff house, 
Dumbledore continued. He was a good and loyal 
friend, a hard worker, he valued fair play. His death 
has affected you all, whether you knew him well or 
not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to 
know exactly how it came about. 

Harry raised his head and stared at Dumbledore. 

Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort. 

A panicked whisper swept the Great Hall. People were 
staring at Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror. He 
looked perfectly calm as he watched them mutter 
themselves into silence. 



  796 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




The Ministry of Magic, Dumbledore continued, does 
not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of 
your parents will be horrified that I have done so  
either because they will not believe that Lord 
Voldemort has returned, or because they think I 
should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my 
belief, however, that the truth is generally preferable 
to lies, and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric 
died as the result of an accident, or some sort of 
blunder of his own, is an insult to his memory. 

Stunned and frightened, every face in the Hall was 
turned toward Dumbledore now ... or almost every 
face. Over at the Slytherin table, Harry saw Draco 
Malfoy muttering something to Crabbe and Goyle. 
Harry felt a hot, sick swoop of anger in his stomach. 
He forced himself to look back at Dumbledore. 

There is somebody else who must be mentioned in 
connection with Cedrics death, Dumbledore went 
on. I am talking, of course, about Harry Potter. 

A kind of ripple crossed the Great Hall as a few heads 
turned in Harrys direction before flicking back to face 
Dumbledore. 

Harry Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort, 
said Dumbledore. He risked his own life to return 
Cedrics body to Hogwarts. He showed, in every 
respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever 
shown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for this, I honor 
him. 

Dumbledore turned gravely to Harry and raised his 
goblet once more. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall 
followed suit. They murmured his name, as they had 
murmured Cedrics, and drank to him. But through a 
gap in the standing figures, Harry saw that Malfoy, 
Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins had 
  797 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




remained defiantly in their seats, their goblets 
untouched. Dumbledore, who after all possessed no 
magical eye, did not see them. 

When everyone had once again resumed their seats, 
Dumbledore continued, The Triwizard Tournaments 
aim was to further and promote magical 
understanding. In the light of what has happened  
of Lord Voldemorts return  such ties are more 
important than ever before. 

Dumbledore looked from Madame Maxime and 
Hagrid, to Fleur Delacour and her fellow Beauxbatons 
students, to Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the 
Slytherin table. Krum, Harry saw, looked wary, 
almost frightened, as though he expected Dumbledore 
to say something harsh. 

Every guest in this Hall, said Dumbledore, and his 
eyes lingered upon the Durmstrang students, will be 
welcomed back here at any time, should they wish to 
come. I say to you all, once again  in the light of 
Lord Voldemorts return, we are only as strong as we 
are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord 
Voldemorts gift for spreading discord and enmity is 
very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally 
strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of 
habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are 
identical and our hearts are open. 

It is my belief  and never have I so hoped that I am 
mistaken  that we are all facing dark and difficult 
times. Some of you in this Hall have already suffered 
directly at the hands of Lord Voldemort. Many of your 
families have been torn asunder. A week ago, a 
student was taken from our midst. 

Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time should 
come when you have to make a choice between what 

  798 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




is right and what is easy, remember what happened 
to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because 
he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. 
Remember Cedric Diggory. 

Harrys trunk was packed; Hedwig was back in her 
cage on top of it. He, Ron, and Hermione were waiting 
in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the 
fourth years for the carriages that would take them 
back to Hogsmeade station. It was another beautiful 
summers day. He supposed that Privet Drive would 
be hot and leafy, its flower beds a riot of color, when 
he arrived there that evening. The thought gave him 
no pleasure at all. 

 Arry! 

He looked around. Fleur Delacour was hurrying up 
the stone steps into the castle. Beyond her, far across 
the grounds, Harry could see Hagrid helping Madame 
Maxime to back two of the giant horses into their 
harness. The Beauxbatons carriage was about to take 
off. 

We will see each uzzer again, I ope, said Fleur as 
she reached him, holding out her hand. I am oping 
to get a job ere, to improve my Eenglish. 

Its very good already, said Ron in a strangled sort of 
voice. Fleur smiled at him; Hermione scowled. 

Goodbye, Arry, said Fleur, turning to go. It az 
been a pleasure meeting you! 

Harrys spirits couldnt help but lift slightly as he 
watched Fleur hurry back across the lawns to 
Madame Maxime, her silvery hair rippling in the 
sunlight. 



  799 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Wonder how the Durmstrang students are getting 
back, said Ron. Dyou reckon they can steer that 
ship without Karkaroff? 

Karkaroff did not steer, said a gruff voice. He 
stayed in his cabin and let us do the vork. 

Krum had come to say goodbye to Hermione. 

Could I have a vord? he asked her. 

Oh ... yes ... all right, said Hermione, looking 
slightly flustered, and following Krum through the 
crowd and out of sight. 

Youd better hurry up! Ron called loudly after her. 
The carriagesll be here in a minute! 

He let Harry keep a watch for the carriages, however, 
and spent the next few minutes craning his neck over 
the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione 
might be up to. They returned quite soon. Ron stared 
at Hermione, but her face was quite impassive. 

I liked Diggory, said Krum abruptly to Harry. He 
vos alvays polite to me. Alvays. Even though I vos 
from Durmstrang  with Karkaroff, he added, 
scowling. 

Have you got a new headmaster yet? said Harry. 

Krum shrugged. He held out his hand as Fleur had 
done, shook Harrys hand, and then Rons. Ron 
looked as though he was suffering some sort of 
painful internal struggle. Krum had already started 
walking away when Ron burst out, Can I have your 
autograph? 



  800 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione turned away, smiling at the horseless 
carriages that were now trundling toward them up the 
drive, as Krum, looking surprised but gratified, signed 
a fragment of parchment for Ron. 



The weather could not have been more different on 
the journey back to Kings Cross than it had been on 
their way to Hogwarts the previous September. There 
wasnt a single cloud in the sky. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione had managed to get a compartment to 
themselves. Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under 
Rons dress robes to stop him from hooting 
continually; Hedwig was dozing, her head under her 
wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat 
like a large, furry ginger cushion. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione talked more fully and freely than they had 
all week as the train sped them southward. Harry felt 
as though Dumbledores speech at the Leaving Feast 
had unblocked him, somehow. It was less painful to 
discuss what had happened now. They broke off their 
conversation about what action Dumbledore might be 
taking, even now, to stop Voldemort only when the 
lunch trolley arrived. 

When Hermione returned from the trolley and put her 
money back into her schoolbag, she dislodged a copy 
of the Daily Prophet that she had been carrying in 
there. Harry looked at it, unsure whether he really 
wanted to know what it might say, but Hermione, 
seeing him looking at it, said calmly, Theres nothing 
in there. You can look for yourself, but theres 
nothing at all. Ive been checking every day. Just a 
small piece the day after the third task saying you 
won the tournament. They didnt even mention 
Cedric. Nothing about any of it. If you ask me, Fudge 
is forcing them to keep quiet. 



  801 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hell never keep Rita quiet, said Harry. Not on a 
story like this. 

Oh, Rita hasnt written anything at all since the third 
task, said Hermione in an oddly constrained voice. 
As a matter of fact, she added, her voice now 
trembling slightly, Rita Skeeter isnt going to be 
writing anything at all for a while. Not unless she 
wants me to spill the beans on her. 

What are you talking about? said Ron. 

I found out how she was listening in on private 
conversations when she wasnt supposed to be 
coming onto the grounds, said Hermione in a rush. 

Harry had the impression that Hermione had been 
dying to tell them this for days, but that she had 
restrained herself in light of everything else that had 
happened. 

How was she doing it? said Harry at once. 

How did you find out? said Ron, staring at her. 

Well, it was you, really, who gave me the idea, 

Harry, she said. 

Did I? said Harry, perplexed. How? 

Bugging, said Hermione happily. 

But you said they didnt work   

Oh not electronic bugs, said Hermione. No, you see 
... Rita Skeeter  Hermione s voice trembled with 
quiet triumph  is an unregistered Animagus. She 
can turn   



  802 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Hermione pulled a small sealed glass jar out of her 
bag. 

  into a beetle. 

Youre kidding, said Ron. You havent ... shes not 



Oh yes she is, said Hermione happily, brandishing 
the jar at them. 

Inside were a few twigs and leaves and one large, fat 
beetle. 

Thats never  youre kidding   Ron whispered, 
lifting the jar to his eyes. 

No, Im not, said Hermione, beaming. I caught her 
on the windowsill in the hospital wing. Look very 
closely, and you 11 notice the markings around her 
antennae are exactly like those foul glasses she 
wears. 

Harry looked and saw that she was quite right. He 
also remembered something. 

There was a beetle on the statue the night we heard 
Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about his mum! 

Exactly, said Hermione. And Viktor pulled a beetle 
out of my hair after wed had our conversation by the 
lake. And unless Im very much mistaken, Rita was 
perched on the windowsill of the Divination class the 
day your scar hurt. Shes been buzzing around for 
stories all year. 

When we saw Malfoy under that tree ... said Ron 
slowly. 



  803 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




He was talking to her, in his hand, said Hermione. 
He knew, of course. Thats how shes been getting all 
those nice little interviews with the Slytherins. They 
wouldnt care that she was doing something illegal, as 
long as they were giving her horrible stuff about us 
and Hagrid. 

Hermione took the glass jar back from Ron and 
smiled at the beetle, which buzzed angrily against the 
glass. 

Ive told her Ill let her out when we get back to 
London, said Hermione. Ive put an Unbreakable 
Charm on the jar, you see, so she cant transform. 

And Ive told her shes to keep her quill to herself for a 
whole year. See if she cant break the habit of writing 
horrible lies about people. 

Smiling serenely, Hermione placed the beetle back 
inside her schoolbag. 

The door of the compartment slid open. 

Very clever, Granger, said Draco Malfoy. 

Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him. All 
three of them looked more pleased with themselves, 
more arrogant and more menacing, than Harry had 
ever seen them. 

So, said Malfoy slowly, advancing slightly into the 
compartment and looking slowly around at them, a 
smirk quivering on his lips. You caught some 
pathetic reporter, and Potters Dumbledores favorite 
boy again. Big deal. 

His smirk widened. Crabbe and Goyle leered. 



  804 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Trying not to think about it, are we? said Malfoy 
softly, looking around at all three of them. Trying to 
pretend it hasnt happened? 

Get out, said Harry. 

He had not been this close to Malfoy since he had 
watched him muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during 
Dumbledores speech about Cedric. He could feel a 
kind of ringing in his ears. His hand gripped his wand 
under his robes. 

Youve picked the losing side, Potter! I warned you! I 
told you you ought to choose your company more 
carefully, remember? When we met on the train, first 
day at Hogwarts? I told you not to hang around with 
riffraff like this! He jerked his head at Ron and 
Hermione. Too late now, Potter! Theyll be the first to 
go, now the Dark Lords back! Mudbloods and 
Mugglelovers first! Well  second  Diggory was the 
f  

It was as though someone had exploded a box of 
fireworks within the compartment. Blinded by the 
blaze of the spells that had blasted from every 
direction, deafened by a series of bangs, Harry 
blinked and looked down at the floor. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were all lying unconscious 
in the doorway. He, Ron, and Hermione were on their 
feet, all three of them having used a different hex. Nor 
were they the only ones to have done so. 

Thought wed see what those three were up to, said 
Fred matteroffactly, stepping onto Goyle and into 
the compartment. He had his wand out, and so did 
George, who was careful to tread on Malfoy as he 
followed Fred inside. 



  805 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Interesting effect, said George, looking down at 
Crabbe. Who used the Furnunculus Curse? 

Me, said Harry. 

Odd, said George lightly. I used JellyLegs. Looks 
as though those two shouldnt be mixed. He seems to 
have sprouted little tentacles all over his face. Well, 
lets not leave them here, they dont add much to the 
decor. 

Ron, Harry, and George kicked, rolled, and pushed 
the unconscious Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle  each of 
whom looked distinctly the worse for the jumble of 
jinxes with which they had been hit  out into the 
corridor, then came back into the compartment and 
rolled the door shut. 

Exploding Snap, anyone? said Fred, pulling out a 
pack of cards. 

They were halfway through their fifth game when 
Harry decided to ask them. 

You going to tell us, then? he said to George. Who 
you were blackmailing? 

Oh, said George darkly.  That 

It doesnt matter, said Fred, shaking his head 
impatiently. It wasnt anything important. Not now, 
anyway. 

Weve given up, said George, shrugging. 

But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on asking, and 
finally, Fred said, All right, all right, if you really 
want to know ... it was Ludo Bagman. 



  806 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Bagman? said Harry sharply. Are you saying he 
was involved in   

Nah, said George gloomily. Nothing like that. 

Stupid git. He wouldnt have the brains. 

Well, what, then? said Ron. 

Fred hesitated, then said, You remember that bet we 
had with him at the Quidditch World Cup? About how 
Ireland would win, but Krum would get the Snitch? 

Yeah, said Harry and Ron slowly. 

Well, the git paid us in leprechaun gold hed caught 
from the Irish mascots. 

So? 

So, said Fred impatiently, it vanished, didnt it? By 
next morning, it had gone! 

But  it mustve been an accident, mustnt it? said 
Hermione. 

George laughed very bitterly. 

Yeah, thats what we thought, at first. We thought if 
we just wrote to him, and told him hed made a 
mistake, hed cough up. But nothing doing. Ignored 
our letter. We kept trying to talk to him about it at 
Hogwarts, but he was always making some excuse to 
get away from us. 

In the end, he turned pretty nasty, said Fred. Told 
us we were too young to gamble, and he wasnt giving 
us anything. 



  807 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




So we asked for our money back, said George 
glowering. 

He didnt refuse! gasped Hermione. 

Right in one, said Fred. 

But that was all your savings! said Ron. 

Tell me about it, said George.  Course, we found 
out what was going on in the end. Lee Jordans dad 
had had a bit of trouble getting money off Bagman as 
well. Turns out hes in big trouble with the goblins. 
Borrowed loads of gold off them. A gang of them 
cornered him in the woods after the World Cup and 
took all the gold he had, and it still wasnt enough to 
cover all his debts. They followed him all the way to 
Hogwarts to keep an eye on him. Hes lost everything 
gambling. Hasnt got two Galleons to rub together. 
And you know how the idiot tried to pay the goblins 
back? 

How? said Harry. 

He put a bet on you, mate, said Fred. Put a big bet 
on you to win the tournament. Bet against the 
goblins. 

So thats why he kept trying to help me win! said 
Harry. Well  I did win, didnt I? So he can pay you 
your gold! 

Nope, said George, shaking his head. The goblins 
play as dirty as him. They say you drew with Diggory, 
and Bagman was betting youd win outright. So 
Bagman had to run for it. He did run for it right after 
the third task. 



  808 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




George sighed deeply and started dealing out the 
cards again. 

The rest of the journey passed pleasantly enough; 
Harry wished it could have gone on all summer, in 
fact, and that he would never arrive at Kings Cross . . . 
but as he had learned the hard way that year, time 
will not slow down when something unpleasant lies 
ahead, and all too soon, the Hogwarts Express was 
pulling in at platform nine and threequarters. The 
usual confusion and noise filled the corridors as the 
students began to disembark. Ron and Hermione 
struggled out past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, 
carrying their trunks. Harry, however, stayed put. 

Fred  George  wait a moment. 

The twins turned. Harry pulled open his trunk and 
drew out his Triwizard winnings. 

Take it, he said, and he thrust the sack into 
Georges hands. 

What? said Fred, looking flabbergasted. 

Take it, Harry repeated firmly. I dont want it. 

Youre mental, said George, trying to push it back at 
Harry. 

No, Im not, said Harry. You take it, and get 
inventing. Its for the joke shop. 

He is mental, Fred said in an almost awed voice. 

Listen, said Harry firmly. If you dont take it, Im 
throwing it down the drain. I dont want it and I dont 
need it. But I could do with a few laughs. We could all 



  809 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




do with a few laughs. Ive got a feeling were going to 
need them more than usual before long. 

Harry, said George weakly, weighing the money bag 
in his hands, theres got to be a thousand Galleons 
in here. 

Yeah, said Harry, grinning. Think how many 
Canary Creams that is. 

The twins stared at him. 

Just dont tell your mum where you got it ... 
although she might not be so keen for you to join the 
Ministry anymore, come to think of it. ... 

Harry, Fred began, but Harry pulled out his wand. 

Look, he said flatly, take it, or Ill hex you. I know 
some good ones now. Just do me one favor, okay? 

Buy Ron some different dress robes and say theyre 
from you. 

He left the compartment before they could say 
another word, stepping over Malfoy, Crabbe, and 
Goyle, who were still lying on the floor, covered in hex 
marks. 

Uncle Vernon was waiting beyond the barrier. Mrs. 
Weasley was close by him. She hugged Harry very 
tightly when she saw him and whispered in his ear, I 
think Dumbledore will let you come to us later in the 
summer. Keep in touch, Harry. 

See you, Harry, said Ron, clapping him on the back. 

 Bye, Harry! said Hermione, and she did something 
she had never done before, and kissed him on the 
cheek. 

  810 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire   




Harry  thanks, George muttered, while Fred 
nodded fervently at his side. 

Harry winked at them, turned to Uncle Vernon, and 
followed him silently from the station. There was no 
point worrying yet, he told himself, as he got into the 
back of the Dursleys car. 

As Hagrid had said, what would come, would come... 
and he would have to meet it when it did. 



DUDLEY DEMENTED 

The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to 
a close and a drowsy silence lay over the large, square 
houses of Privet Drive. Cars that were usually 
gleaming stood dusty in their drives and lawns that 
were once emerald green lay parched and yellowing; 
the use of hosepipes had been banned due to 
drought. Deprived of their usual carwashing and 
lawnmowing pursuits, the inhabitants of Privet Drive 
had retreated into the shade of their cool houses, 
windows thrown wide in the hope of tempting in a 
nonexistent breeze. The only person left outdoors was 
a teenage boy who was lying flat on his back in a 
flower bed outside number four. 

He was a skinny, blackhaired, bespectacled boy who 
had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of someone 
who has grown a lot in a short space of time. His 
jeans were torn and dirty, his Tshirt baggy and 
faded, and the soles of his trainers were peeling away 
from the uppers. Harry Potters appearance did not 
endear him to the neighbors, who were the sort of 
people who thought scruffiness ought to be 
  2 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



punishable by law, but as he had hidden himself 
behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was 
quite invisible to passersby. In fact, the only way he 
would be spotted was if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt 
Petunia stuck their heads out of the living room 
window and looked straight down into the flower bed 
below. 

On the whole, Harry thought he was to be 
congratulated on his idea of hiding here. He was not, 
perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard 
earth, but on the other hand, nobody was glaring at 
him, grinding their teeth so loudly that he could not 
hear the news, or shooting nasty questions at him, as 
had happened every time he had tried sitting down in 
the living room and watching television with his aunt 
and uncle. 

Almost as though this thought had fluttered through 
the open window, Vernon Dursley, Harrys uncle, 
suddenly spoke. Glad to see the boys stopped trying 
to butt in. Where is he anyway? 

I dont know, said Aunt Petunia unconcernedly. Not 
in the house. 

Uncle Vernon grunted. 

Watching the news ... he said scathingly. Id like to 
know what hes really up to. As if a normal boy cares 
whats on the news  Dudley hasnt got a clue whats 
going on, doubt he knows who the Prime Minister is! 
Anyway, its not as if there d be anything about his lot 
on our news   

Vernon, shh\ said Aunt Petunia. The windows 
open! 

Oh  yes  sorry, dear ... 

  3 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




The Dursleys fell silent. Harry listened to a jingle 
about Fruit N Bran breakfast cereal while he watched 
Mrs. Figg, a batty, catloving old lady from nearby 
Wisteria Walk, amble slowly past. She was frowning 
and muttering to herself. Harry was very pleased that 
he was concealed behind the bush; Mrs. Figg had 
recently taken to asking him around for tea whenever 
she met him in the street. She had rounded the 
corner and vanished from view before Uncle Vernons 
voice floated out of the window again. 

Dudders out for tea? 

At the Polkisses, said Aunt Petunia fondly. Hes got 
so many little friends, hes so popular ... 

Harry repressed a snort with difficulty. The Dursleys 
really were astonishingly stupid about their son, 
Dudley; they had swallowed all his dimwitted lies 
about having tea with a different member of his gang 
every night of the summer holidays. Harry knew 
perfectly well that Dudley had not been to tea 
anywhere; he and his gang spent every evening 
vandalizing the play park, smoking on street corners, 
and throwing stones at passing cars and children. 
Harry had seen them at it during his evening walks 
around Little Whinging; he had spent most of the 
holidays wandering the streets, scavenging 
newspapers from bins along the way. 

The opening notes of the music that heralded the 
seven oclock news reached Harrys ears and his 
stomach turned over. Perhaps tonight  after a 
month of waiting  would be the night  

Record numbers of stranded holidaymakers fill 
airports as the Spanish baggagehandlers strike 
reaches its second week   



  4 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Give em a lifelong siesta, I would, snarled Uncle 
Vernon over the end of the newsreaders sentence, 
but no matter: Outside in the flower bed, Harrys 
stomach seemed to unclench. If anything had 
happened, it would surely have been the first item on 
the news; death and destruction were more important 
than stranded holidaymakers... 

He let out a long, slow breath and stared up at the 
brilliant blue sky. Every day this summer had been 
the same: the tension, the expectation, the temporary 
relief, and then mounting tension again . . . and 
always, growing more insistent all the time, the 
question of why nothing had happened yet... 

He kept listening, just in case there was some small 
clue, not recognized for what it really was by the 
Muggles  an unexplained disappearance, 
perhaps, or some strange accident ... but the 
baggagehandlers strike was followed by news on the 
drought in the Southeast (I hope hes listening next 
door! bellowed Uncle Vernon, with his sprinklers on 
at three in the morning!); then a helicopter that had 
almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous 
actresss divorce from her famous husband (as if 
were interested in their sordid affairs, sniffed Aunt 
Petunia, who had followed the case obsessively in 
every magazine she could lay her bony hands on). 

Harry closed his eyes against the now blazing evening 
sky as the newsreader said, And finally, Bungy the 
budgie has found a novel way of keeping cool this 
summer. Bungy, who lives at the Five Feathers in 
Barnsley, has learned to waterski! Mary Dorkins 
went to find out more... 

Harry opened his eyes again. If they had reached 
waterskiing budgerigars, there was nothing else 
worth hearing. He rolled cautiously onto his front and 

  5 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




raised himself onto his knees and elbows, preparing 
to crawl out from under the window. 

He had moved about two inches when several things 
happened in very quick succession. 

A loud, echoing crack broke the sleepy silence like a 
gunshot; a cat streaked out from under a parked car 
and flew out of sight; a shriek, a bellowed oath, and 
the sound of breaking china came from the Dursleys 
living room, and as though Harry had been waiting 
for this signal, he jumped to his feet, at the same time 
pulling from the waistband of his jeans a thin wooden 
wand as if he were unsheathing a sword. But before 
he could draw himself up to full height, the top of his 
head collided with the Dursleys open window, and 
the resultant crash made Aunt Petunia scream even 
louder. 

Harry felt as if his head had been split in two; eyes 
streaming, he swayed, trying to focus on the street 
and spot the source of the noise, but he had barely 
staggered upright again when two large purple hands 
reached through the open window and closed tightly 
around his throat. 

Put  it  away\ Uncle Vernon snarled into Harrys 
ear. Now\ Before  anyone  sees! 

Get  off  me! Harry gasped; for a few seconds 
they struggled, Harry pulling at his uncles sausage 
like fingers with his left hand, his right maintaining a 
firm grip on his raised wand. Then, as the pain in the 
top of Harrys head gave a particularly nasty throb, 
Uncle Vernon yelped and released Harry as though he 
had received an electric shock  some invisible force 
seemed to have surged through his nephew, making 
him impossible to hold. 



  6 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Panting, Harry fell forward over the hydrangea bush, 
straightened up, and stared around. There was no 
sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but 
there were several faces peering through various 
nearby windows. Harry stuffed his wand hastily back 
into his jeans and tried to look innocent. 

Lovely evening! shouted Uncle Vernon, waving at 
Mrs. Number Seven, who was glaring from behind her 
net curtains. Did you hear that car backfire just 
now? Gave Petunia and me quite a turn! 

He continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all 
the curious neighbors had disappeared from their 
various windows, then the grin became a grimace of 
rage as he beckoned Harry back toward him. 

Harry moved a few steps closer, taking care to stop 
just short of the point at which Uncle Vernons 
outstretched hands could resume their strangling. 

What the devil do you mean by it, boy? asked Uncle 
Vernon in a croaky voice that trembled with fury. 

What do I mean by what? said Harry coldly. He kept 
looking left and right up the street, still hoping to see 
the person who had made the cracking noise. 

Making a racket like a starting pistol right outside 
our   

I didnt make that noise, said Harry firmly. 

Aunt Petunias thin, horsey face now appeared beside 
Uncle Vernons wide, purple one. She looked livid. 

Why were you lurking under our window? 



  7 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes  yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing 
under our window, boy? 

Listening to the news, said Harry in a resigned 
voice. 

His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage. 

Listening to the news! Again? 

Well, it changes every day, you see, said Harry. 

Dont you be clever with me, boy! I want to know 
what youre really up to  and dont give me any 
more of this listening to the news tosh! You know 
perfectly well that your lot ... 

Careful, Vernon! breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle 
Vernon lowered his voice so that Harry could barely 
hear him, "... that your lot dont get on our news! 

Thats all you know, said Harry. 

The Dursleys goggled at him for a few seconds, then 
Aunt Petunia said, Youre a nasty little liar. What are 
all those   she too lowered her voice so that Harry 
had to lipread the next word,   owls  doing if 
theyre not bringing you news? 

Aha! said Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whisper. 
Get out of that one, boy! As if we didnt know you get 
all your news from those pestilential birds! 

Harry hesitated for a moment. It cost him something 
to tell the truth this time, even though his aunt and 
uncle could not possibly know how bad Harry felt at 
admitting it. 



  8 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The owls ... arent bringing me news, said Harry 
tonelessly. 

I dont believe it, said Aunt Petunia at once. 

No more do I, said Uncle Vernon forcefully. 

We know youre up to something funny, said Aunt 
Petunia. 

Were not stupid, you know, said Uncle Vernon. 

Well, thats news to me, said Harry, his temper 
rising, and before the Dursleys could call him back, 
he had wheeled about, crossed the front lawn, 
stepped over the low garden wall, and was striding off 
up the street. 

He was in trouble now and he knew it. He would have 
to face his aunt and uncle later and pay the price for 
his rudeness, but he did not care very much just at 
the moment; he had much more pressing matters on 
his mind. 

Harry was sure that the cracking noise had been 
made by someone Apparating or Disapparating. It 
was exactly the sound Dobby the houseelf made 
when he vanished into thin air. Was it possible that 
Dobby was here in Privet Drive? Could Dobby be 
following him right at this very moment? As this 
thought occurred he wheeled around and stared back 
down Privet Drive, but it appeared to be completely 
deserted again and Harry was sure that Dobby did 
not know how to become invisible... 

He walked on, hardly aware of the route he was 
taking, for he had pounded these streets so often 
lately that his feet carried him to his favorite haunts 
automatically. Every few steps he glanced back over 

  9 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




his shoulder. Someone magical had been near him as 
he lay among Aunt Petunias dying begonias, he was 
sure of it. Why hadnt they spoken to him, why hadnt 
they made contact, why were they hiding now? 

And then, as his feeling of frustration peaked, his 
certainty leaked away. 

Perhaps it hadnt been a magical sound after all. 
Perhaps he was so desperate for the tiniest sign of 
contact from the world to which he belonged that he 
was simply overreacting to perfectly ordinary noises. 
Could he be sure it hadnt been the sound of 
something breaking inside a neighbors house? 

Harry felt a dull, sinking sensation in his stomach 
and, before he knew it, the feeling of hopelessness 
that had plagued him all summer rolled over him 
once again... 

Tomorrow morning he would be awoken by the alarm 
at five oclock so that he could pay the owl that 
delivered the Daily Prophet  but was there any point 
in continuing to take it? Harry merely glanced at the 
front  before throwing it aside these days; when 
the idiots who ran the paper finally realized that 
Voldemort was back it would be headline news, and 
that was the only kind Harry cared about. 

If he was lucky, there would also be owls carrying 
letters from his best friends, Ron and Hermione, 
though any expectation he had had that their letters 
would bring him news had long since been dashed. 

We cant say much about youknowwhat, 
obviously... Weve been told not to say anything 
important in case our letters go astray... Were quite 
busy but I cant give you details here... Theres a fair 



  10 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




amount going on, well tell you everything when we see 
you... 

But when were they going to see him? Nobody seemed 
too bothered with a precise date. Hermione had 
scribbled, I expect well be seeing you quite soon 
inside his birthday card, but how soon was soon? As 
far as Harry could tell from the vague hints in their 
letters, Hermione and Ron were in the same place, 
presumably at Rons parents house. He could hardly 
bear to think of the pair of them having fun at the 
Burrow when he was stuck in Privet Drive. In fact, he 
was so angry at them that he had thrown both their 
birthday presents of Honeydukes chocolates away 
unopened, though he had regretted this after eating 
the wilting salad Aunt Petunia had provided for 
dinner that night. 

And what were Ron and Hermione busy with? Why 
wasnt he, Harry, busy? Hadnt he proved himself 
capable of handling much more than they? Had they 
all forgotten what he had done? Hadnt it been he who 
had entered that graveyard and watched Cedric being 
murdered and been tied to that tombstone and nearly 
killed ... ? 

Dont think about that, Harry told himself sternly for 
the hundredth time that summer. It was bad enough 
that he kept revisiting the graveyard in his 
nightmares, without dwelling on it in his waking 
moments too. 

He turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent; halfway 
along he passed the narrow alleyway down the side of 
a garage where he had first clapped eyes on his 
godfather. Sirius, at least, seemed to understand how 
Harry was feeling; admittedly his letters were just as 
empty of proper news as Ron and Hermiones, but at 



  11 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




least they contained words of caution and consolation 
instead of tantalizing hints: 

 I know this must be frustrating for you... Keep your 
nose clean and everything will be okay... Be careful 
and dont do anything rash... 

Well, thought Harry, as he crossed Magnolia 
Crescent, turned into Magnolia Road, and headed 
toward the darkening play park, he had (by and large) 
done as Sirius advised; he had at least resisted the 
temptation to tie his trunk to his broomstick and set 
off for the Burrow by himself. In fact Harry thought 
his behavior had been very good considering how 
frustrated and angry he felt at being stuck in Privet 
Drive this long, reduced to hiding in flower beds in 
the hope of hearing something that might point to 
what Lord Voldemort was doing. Nevertheless, it was 
quite galling to be told not to be rash by a man who 
had served twelve years in the wizard prison, 

Azkaban, escaped, attempted to commit the murder 
he had been convicted for in the first place, then gone 
on the run with a stolen hippogriff. . . 

Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and set off 
across the parched grass. The park was as empty as 
the surrounding streets. When he reached the swings 
he sank onto the only one that Dudley and his friends 
had not yet managed to break, coiled one arm around 
the chain, and stared moodily at the ground. He 
would not be able to hide in the Dursleys flower bed 
again. Tomorrow he would have to think of some 
fresh way of listening to the news. In the meantime, 
he had nothing to look forward to but another 
restless, disturbed night, because even when he 
escaped nightmares about Cedric he had unsettling 
dreams about long dark corridors, all finishing in 
dead ends and locked doors, which he supposed had 
something to do with the trapped feeling he had when 
  12 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




he was awake. Often the old scar on his forehead 
prickled uncomfortably, but he did not fool himself 
that Ron or Hermione or Sirius would find that very 
interesting anymore... In the past his scar hurting 
had warned that Voldemort was getting stronger 
again, but now that Voldemort was back they would 
probably remind him that its regular irritation was 
only to be expected... Nothing to worry about ... old 
news ... 

The injustice of it all welled up inside him so that he 
wanted to yell with fury. If it hadnt been for him, 
nobody would even have known Voldemort was back! 
And his reward was to be stuck in Little Whinging for 
four solid weeks, completely cut off from the magical 
world, reduced to squatting among dying begonias so 
that he could hear about waterskiing budgerigars! 
How could Dumbledore have forgotten him so easily? 
Why had Ron and Hermione got together without 
inviting him along too? How much longer was he 
supposed to endure Sirius telling him to sit tight and 
be a good boy; or resist the temptation to write to the 
stupid Daily Prophet and point out that Voldemort 
had returned? These furious thoughts whirled around 
in Harrys head, and his insides writhed with anger as 
a sultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of 
the smell of warm, dry grass and the only sound that 
of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the 
park railings. 

He did not know how long he had sat on the swing 
before the sound of voices interrupted his musings 
and he looked up. The streetlamps from the 
surrounding roads were casting a misty glow strong 
enough to silhouette a group of people making their 
way across the park. One of them was singing a loud, 
crude song. The others were laughing. A soft ticking 
noise came from several expensive racing bikes that 
they were wheeling along. 

  13 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry knew who those people were. The figure in front 
was unmistakably his cousin, Dudley Dursley, 
wending his way home, accompanied by his faithful 
gang. 

Dudley was as vast as ever, but a years hard dieting 
and the discovery of a new talent had wrought quite a 
change in his physique. As Uncle Vernon delightedly 
told anyone who would listen, Dudley had recently 
become the Junior Heavyweight InterSchool Boxing 
Champion of the Southeast. The noble sport, as 
Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more 
formidable than he had seemed to Harry in the 
primary school days when he had served as Dudleys 
first punching bag. Harry was not remotely afraid of 
his cousin anymore but he still didnt think that 
Dudley learning to punch harder and more accurately 
was cause for celebration. Neighborhood children all 
around were terrified of him  even more terrified 
than they were of that Potter boy, who, they had 
been warned, was a hardened hooligan who attended 
St. Brutuss Secure Center for Incurably Criminal 
Boys. 

Harry watched the dark figures crossing the grass 
and wondered whom they had been beating up 
tonight. Look round, Harry found himself thinking as 
he watched them. Come on ... look round ... Im sitting 
here all alone... Come and have ago... 

If Dudleys friends saw him sitting here, they would 
be sure to make a beeline for him, and what would 
Dudley do then? He wouldnt want to lose face in 
front of the gang, but hed be terrified of provoking 
Harry. . . It would be really fun to watch Dudleys 
dilemma; to taunt him, watch him, with him 
powerless to respond . . . and if any of the others tried 
hitting Harry, Harry was ready  he had his wand . . . 
let them try ... Hed love to vent some of his 
  14 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




frustration on the boys who had once made his life 
hell  



But they did not turn around, they did not see him, 
they were almost at the railings. Harry mastered the 
impulse to call after them... Seeking a fight was not a 
smart move... He must not use magic... He would be 
risking expulsion again... 

Dudleys gangs voices died; they were out of sight, 
heading along Magnolia Road. 

There you go, Sirius, Harry thought dully. Nothing 
rash. Kept my nose clean. Exactly the opposite of what 
youd have done ... 

He got to his feet and stretched. Aunt Petunia and 
Uncle Vernon seemed to feel that whenever Dudley 
turned up was the right time to be home, and anytime 
after that was much too late. Uncle Vernon had 
threatened to lock Harry in the shed if he came home 
after Dudley again, so, stifling a yawn, still scowling, 
Harry set off toward the park gate. 

Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, was full of large, 
square houses with perfectly manicured lawns, all 
owned by large, square owners who drove very clean 
cars similar to Uncle Vernons. Harry preferred Little 
Whinging by night, when the curtained windows 
made patches of jewelbright colors in the darkness 
and he ran no danger of hearing disapproving 
mutters about his delinquent appearance when he 
passed the householders. He walked quickly, so that 
halfway along Magnolia Road Dudleys gang came into 
view again; they were saying their farewells at the 
entrance to Magnolia Crescent. Harry stepped into 
the shadow of a large lilac tree and waited. 



  15 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




"... squealed like a pig, didnt he? Malcolm was 
saying, to guffaws from the others. 

Nice right hook, Big D, said Piers. 

Same time tomorrow? said Dudley. 

Round at my place, my parents are out, said 
Gordon. 

See you then, said Dudley. 

Bye Dud! 

See ya, Big D! 

Harry waited for the rest of the gang to move on 
before setting off again. When their voices had faded 
once more he headed around the corner into Magnolia 
Crescent and by walking very quickly he soon came 
within hailing distance of Dudley, who was strolling 
along at his ease, humming tunelessly. 

Hey, Big D! 

Dudley turned. 

Oh, he grunted. Its you. 

How long have you been Big D then? said Harry. 

Shut it, snarled Dudley, turning away again. 

Cool name, said Harry, grinning and falling into 
step beside his cousin. But youll always be Ickle 
Diddykins to me. 

I said, SHUT IT! said Dudley, whose hamlike hands 
had curled into fists. 

  16 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dont the boys know thats what your mum calls 
you? 

Shut your face. 

You dont tell her to shut her face. What about 
popkin and Dinky Diddydums, can I use them 
then? 

Dudley said nothing. The effort of keeping himself 
from hitting Harry seemed to be demanding all his 
selfcontrol. 

So whove you been beating up tonight? Harry 
asked, his grin fading. Another tenyearold? I know 
you did Mark Evans two nights ago   

He was asking for it, snarled Dudley. 

Oh yeah? 

He cheeked me. 

Yeah? Did he say you look like a pig thats been 
taught to walk on its hind legs? Cause thats not 
cheek, Dud, thats true ... 

A muscle was twitching in Dudleys jaw. It gave Harry 
enormous satisfaction to know how furious he was 
making Dudley; he felt as though he was siphoning 
off his own frustration into his cousin, the only outlet 
he had. 

They turned right down the narrow alleyway where 
Harry had first seen Sirius and which formed a 
shortcut between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria 
Walk. It was empty and much darker than the streets 
it linked because there were no streetlamps. Their 



  17 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




footsteps were muffled between garage walls on one 
side and a high fence on the other. 

Think youre a big man carrying that thing, dont 
you? Dudley said after a few seconds. 

What thing? 

That  that thing youre hiding. 

Harry grinned again. 

Not as stupid as you look, are you, Dud? But I spose 
if you were, you wouldnt be able to walk and talk at 
the same time... 

Harry pulled out his wand. He saw Dudley look 
sideways at it. 

Youre not allowed, Dudley said at once. I know 
youre not. Youd get expelled from that freak school 
you go to. 

How dyou know they havent changed the rules, Big 
D? 

They havent, said Dudley, though he didnt sound 
completely convinced. Harry laughed softly. 

You havent got the guts to take me on without that 
thing, have you? Dudley snarled. 

Whereas you just need four mates behind you before 
you can beat up a tenyearold. You know that boxing 
title you keep banging on about? How old was your 
opponent? Seven? Eight? 

He was sixteen for your information, snarled 
Dudley, and he was out cold for twenty minutes after 

  18 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Id finished with him and he was twice as heavy as 
you. You just wait till I tell Dad you had that thing 
out   

Running to Daddy now, are you? Is his ickle boxing 
champ frightened of nasty Harrys wand? 

Not this brave at night, are you? sneered Dudley. 

This is night, Diddykins. Thats what we call it when 
it goes all dark like this. 

I mean when youre in bed! Dudley snarled. 

He had stopped walking. Harry stopped too, staring at 
his cousin. From the little he could see of Dudleys 
large face, he was wearing a strangely triumphant 
look. 

What dyou mean, Im not brave in bed? said Harry, 
completely nonplussed. What  am I supposed to be 
frightened of pillows or something? 

I heard you last night, said Dudley breathlessly. 
Talking in your sleep. Moaning. 

What dyou mean? Harry said again, but there was 
a cold, plunging sensation in his stomach. He had 
revisited the graveyard last night in his dreams. 

Dudley gave a harsh bark of laughter then adopted a 
highpitched, whimpering voice.  Dont kill Cedric! 
Dont kill Cedric! Whos Cedric  your boyfriend? 

I  youre lying   said Harry automatically. But his 
mouth had gone dry. He knew Dudley wasnt lying  
how else would he know about Cedric? 



  19 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 T)ad! Help me, Dad! Hes going to kill me, Dad! Boo 
hoo! 

Shut up, said Harry quietly. Shut up, Dudley, Im 
warning you! 

 Come and help me, Dad! Mum, come and help me! 
Hes killed Cedric! Dad, help me! Hes going to   
Dont you point that thing at me\ 

Dudley backed into the alley wall. Harry was pointing 
the wand directly at Dudleys heart. Harry could feel 
fourteen years hatred of Dudley pounding in his 
veins  what wouldnt he give to strike now, to jinx 
Dudley so thoroughly hed have to crawl home like an 
insect, struck dumb, sprouting feelers  

Dont ever talk about that again, Harry snarled. 
Dyou understand me? 

Point that thing somewhere else! 

I said, do you understand me? 

Point it somewhere else\ 

DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME? 

GET THAT THING AWAY FROM   

Dudley gave an odd, shuddering gasp, as though he 
had been doused in icy water. 

Something had happened to the night. The star 
strewn indigo sky was suddenly pitchblack and 
lightless  the stars, the moon, the misty streetlamps 
at either end of the alley had vanished. The distant 
grumble of cars and the whisper of trees had gone. 

The balmy evening was suddenly piercingly, bitingly 
  20 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




cold. They were surrounded by total, impenetrable, 
silent darkness, as though some giant hand had 
dropped a thick, icy mantle over the entire alleyway, 
blinding them. 

For a split second Harry thought he had done magic 
without meaning to, despite the fact that hed been 
resisting as hard as he could  then his reason 
caught up with his senses  he didnt have the power 
to turn off the stars. He turned his head this way and 
that, trying to see something, but the darkness 
pressed on his eyes like a weightless veil. 

Dudleys terrified voice broke in Harrys ear. 

Wwhat are you ddoing? Ststop it! 

Im not doing anything! Shut up and dont move! 

I ccant see! Ive ggone blind! I   

I said shut up! 

Harry stood stockstill, turning his sightless eyes left 
and right. The cold was so intense that he was 
shivering all over; goose bumps had erupted up his 
arms, and the hairs on the back of his neck were 
standing up  he opened his eyes to their fullest 
extent, staring blankly around, unseeing . . . 

It was impossible... They couldnt be here... Not in 
Little Whinging ... He strained his ears... He would 
hear them before he saw them... 

Ill ttell Dad! Dudley whimpered. Wwhere are you? 
What are you ddo  ? 

Will you shut up? Harry hissed, Im trying to lis   



  21 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But he fell silent. He had heard just the thing he had 
been dreading. 



There was something in the alleyway apart from 
themselves, something that was drawing long, hoarse, 
rattling breaths. Harry felt a horrible jolt of dread as 
he stood trembling in the freezing air. 

Ccut it out! Stop doing it! Ill hhit you, I swear I 
will! 

Dudley, shut   

WHAM 

A fist made contact with the side of Harrys head, 
lifting Harry off his feet. Small white lights popped in 
front of Harrys eyes; for the second time in an hour 
he felt as though his head had been cleaved in two; 
next moment he had landed hard on the ground, and 
his wand had flown out of his hand. 

You moron, Dudley! Harry yelled, his eyes watering 
with pain, as he scrambled to his hands and knees, 
now feeling around frantically in the blackness. He 
heard Dudley blundering away, hitting the alley fence, 
stumbling. 

DUDLEY, COME BACK! YOURE RUNNING RIGHT 
AT IT! 

There was a horrible squealing yell, and Dudleys 
footsteps stopped. At the same moment, Harry felt a 
creeping chill behind him that could mean only one 
thing. There was more than one. 

DUDLEY, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! WHATEVER 
YOU DO, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! Wand! Harry 

  22 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




muttered frantically, his hands flying over the ground 
like spiders. Wheres  wand  come on  Lumosl 

He said the spell automatically, desperate for light to 
help him in his search  and to his disbelieving 
relief, light flared inches from his right hand  the 
wand tip had ignited. Harry snatched it up, 
scrambled to his feet, and turned around. 

His stomach turned over. 

A towering, hooded figure was gliding smoothly 
toward him, hovering over the ground, no feet or face 
visible beneath its robes, sucking on the night as it 
came. 

Stumbling backward, Harry raised his wand. 

Expecto Patronurrd 

A silvery wisp of vapor shot from the tip of the wand 
and the dementor slowed, but the spell hadnt worked 
properly; tripping over his feet, Harry retreated 
farther as the dementor bore down upon him, panic 
fogging his brain  concentrate  

A pair of gray, slimy, scabbed hands slid from inside 
the dementors robes, reaching for him. A rushing 
noise filled Harrys ears. 

Expecto PatronumV 

His voice sounded dim and distant... Another wisp of 
silver smoke, feebler than the last, drifted from the 
wand  he couldnt do it anymore, he couldnt work 
the spell  

There was laughter inside his own head, shrill, high 
pitched laughter... He could smell the dementors 

  23 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




putrid, deathcold breath, filling his own lungs, 
drowning him  Think ... something happy... 

But there was no happiness in him... The dementors 
icy fingers were closing on his throat  the high 
pitched laughter was growing louder and louder, and 
a voice spoke inside his head  Bow to death, 

Harry. . . It might even be painless. . . I would not 
know... I have never died... 

He was never going to see Ron and Hermione again  

And their faces burst clearly into his mind as he 
fought for breath  

EXPECTO PATRONUM 

An enormous silver stag erupted from the tip of 
Harrys wand; its antlers caught the dementor in the 
place where the heart should have been; it was 
thrown backward, weightless as darkness, and as the 
stag charged, the dementor swooped away, batlike 
and defeated. 

THIS WAY! Harry shouted at the stag. Wheeling 
around, he sprinted down the alleyway, holding the lit 
wand aloft. DUDLEY? DUDLEY! 

He had run barely a dozen steps when he reached 
them: Dudley was curled on the ground, his arms 
clamped over his face; a second dementor was 
crouching low over him, gripping his wrists in its 
slimy hands, prizing them slowly, almost lovingly 
apart, lowering its hooded head toward Dudleys face 
as though about to kiss him... 

GET IT! Harry bellowed, and with a rushing, roaring 
sound, the silver stag he had conjured came galloping 
back past him. The dementors eyeless face was 

  24 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




barely an inch from Dudleys when the silver antlers 
caught it; the thing was thrown up into the air and, 
like its fellow, it soared away and was absorbed into 
the darkness. The stag cantered to the end of the 
alleyway and dissolved into silver mist. 

Moon, stars, and streetlamps burst back into life. A 
warm breeze swept the alleyway. Trees rustled in 
neighboring gardens and the mundane rumble of cars 
in Magnolia Crescent filled the air again. Harry stood 
quite still, all his senses vibrating, taking in the 
abrupt return to normality. After a moment he 
became aware that his Tshirt was sticking to him; he 
was drenched in sweat. 

He could not believe what had just happened. 
Dementors here, in Little Whinging . . . 

Dudley lay curled up on the ground, whimpering and 
shaking. Harry bent down to see whether he was in a 
fit state to stand up, but then heard loud, running 
footsteps behind him; instinctively raising his wand 
again, he spun on his heel to face the newcomer. 

Mrs. Figg, their batty old neighbor, came panting into 
sight. Her grizzled gray hair was escaping from its 
hairnet, a clanking string shopping bag was swinging 
from her wrist, and her feet were halfway out of her 
tartan carpet slippers. Harry made to stow his wand 
hurriedly out of sight, but  

Dont put it away, idiot boy! she shrieked. What if 
there are more of them around? Oh, Im going to kill 
Mundungus Fletcher! 



  25 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





A PECK OF OWLS 

What? said Harry blankly. 

He left! said Mrs. Figg, wringing her hands. Left to 
see someone about a batch of cauldrons that fell off 
the back of a broom! I told him Id flay him alive if he 
went, and now look! Dementors! Its just lucky I put 
Mr. Tibbies on the case! But we havent got time to 
stand around! Hurry, now, weve got to get you back! 
Oh, the trouble this is going to cause! I will kill him! 

But   

The revelation that his batty old catobsessed 
neighbor knew what dementors were was almost as 
big a shock to Harry as meeting two of them down the 
alleyway. Youre  youre a witch? 

Im a Squib, as Mundungus knows full well, so how 
on earth was I supposed to help you fight off 
dementors? He left you completely without cover 
when I warned him   



  26 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



This bloke Mundungus has been following me? Hang 
on  it was him). He Disapparated from the front of 
my house! 

Yes, yes, yes, but luckily Id stationed Mr. Tibbies 
under a car just in case, and Mr. Tibbies came and 
warned me, but by the time I got to your house youd 
gone  and now  oh, whats Dumbledore going to 
say? You! she shrieked at Dudley, still supine on the 
alley floor. Get your fat bottom off the ground, 
quick! 

You know Dumbledore? said Harry, staring at her. 

Of course I know Dumbledore, who doesnt know 
Dumbledore? But come on  Ill be no help if they 
come back, Ive never so much as Transfigured a 
teabag   

She stooped down, seized one of Dudleys massive 
arms in her wizened hands, and tugged. 

Get up, you useless lump, get up! 

But Dudley either could not or would not move. He 
was still on the ground, trembling and ashenfaced, 
his mouth shut very tight. 

Ill do it. Harry took hold of Dudleys arm and 
heaved: With an enormous effort he managed to hoist 
Dudley to his feet. Dudley seemed to be on the point 
of fainting: His small eyes were rolling in their sockets 
and sweat was beading his face; the moment Harry let 
go of him he swayed dangerously. 

Hurry up! said Mrs. Figg hysterically. 

Harry pulled one of Dudleys massive arms around 
his own shoulders and dragged him toward the road, 

  27 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




sagging slightly under his weight. Mrs. Figg tottered 
along in front of them, peering anxiously around the 
corner. 

Keep your wand out, she told Harry, as they entered 
Wisteria Walk. Never mind the Statute of Secrecy 
now, theres going to be hell to pay anyway, we might 
as well be hanged for a dragon as an egg. Talk about 
the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery ... 
This was exactly what Dumbledore was afraid of  
whats that at the end of the street? Oh, its just Mr. 
Prentice... Dont put your wand away, boy, dont I 
keep telling you Im no use? 

It was not easy to hold a wand steady and carry 
Dudley along at the same time. Harry gave his cousin 
an impatient dig in the ribs, but Dudley seemed to 
have lost all desire for independent movement. He 
was slumped on Harrys shoulder, his large feet 
dragging along the ground. 

Why didnt you tell me youre a Squib? Harry asked 
Mrs. Figg, panting with the effort to keep walking. All 
those times I came round your house  why didnt 
you say anything? 

Dumbledore s orders. I was to keep an eye on you 
but not say anything, you were too young. Im sorry I 
gave you such a miserable time, but the Dursleys 
would never have let you come if theyd thought you 
enjoyed it. It wasnt easy, you know... But oh my 
word, she said tragically, wringing her hands once 
more, when Dumbledore hears about this  how 
could Mundungus have left, he was supposed to be 
on duty until midnight  where is he? How am I 
going to tell Dumbledore whats happened, I cant 
Apparate   



  28 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ive got an owl, you can borrow her, Harry groaned, 
wondering whether his spine was going to snap under 
Dudleys weight. 

Harry, you dont understand! Dumbledore will need 
to act as quickly as possible, the Ministry have their 
own ways of detecting underage magic, theyll know 
already, you mark my words   

But I was getting rid of dementors, I had to use 
magic  theyre going to be more worried what 
dementors were doing floating around Wisteria Walk, 
surely? 

Oh my dear, I wish it were so but Im afraid  
MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO KILL 
YOU! 

There was a loud crack and a strong smell of mingled 
drink and stale tobacco filled the air as a squat, 
unshaven man in a tattered overcoat materialized 
right in front of them. He had short bandy legs, long 
straggly ginger hair, and bloodshot baggy eyes that 
gave him the doleful look of a basset hound; he was 
also clutching a silvery bundle that Harry recognized 
at once as an Invisibility Cloak. 

 S up, Figgy? he said, staring from Mrs. Figg to 
Harry and Dudley. What appened to staying 
undercover? 

Ill give you undercover! cried Mrs. Figg. Dementors, 
you useless, skiving sneak thief! 

Dementors? repeated Mundungus, aghast. 
Dementors here? 



  29 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here! 
shrieked Mrs. Figg. Dementors attacking the boy on 
your watch! 

Blimey, said Mundungus weakly, looking from Mrs. 
Figg to Harry and back again. Blimey, I ... 

And you off buying stolen cauldrons! Didnt I tell you 
not to go? Didnt i? 

I  well, I   Mundungus looked deeply 
uncomfortable. It ... it was a very good business 
opportunity, see ... 

Mrs. Figg raised the arm from which her string bag 
dangled and whacked Mundungus around the face 
and neck with it; judging by the clanking noise it 
made it was full of cat food. 

Ouch  gerroff  gerroff, you mad old bat! 

Someones gotta tell Dumbledore! 

Yes  they  have! yelled Mrs. Figg, still swinging 
the bag of cat food at every bit of Mundungus she 
could reach. And  it  had  better  be  you  
and  you  can  tell  him  why  you  
werent  there  to  help! 

Keep your airnet on! said Mundungus, his arms 
over his head, cowering. Im going, Im going! 

And with another loud crack, he vanished. 

I hope Dumbledore murders him! said Mrs. Figg 
furiously. Now come on, Harry, what are you waiting 
for? 

Harry decided not to waste his remaining breath on 
pointing out that he could barely walk under Dudleys 

  30 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




bulk. He gave the semiconscious Dudley a heave and 
staggered onward. 

Ill take you to the door, said Mrs. Figg, as they 
turned into Privet Drive. Just in case there are more 
of them around... Oh my word, what a catastrophe ... 
and you had to fight them off yourself . . . and 
Dumbledore said we were to keep you from doing 
magic at all costs... Well, its no good crying over 
spilled potion, I suppose ... but the cats among the 
pixies now ... 

So, Harry panted, Dumbledore s ... been having ... 
me followed? 

Of course he has, said Mrs. Figg impatiently. Did 
you expect him to let you wander around on your own 
after what happened in June? Good Lord, boy, they 
told me you were intelligent... Right ... get inside and 
stay there, she said as they reached number four. I 
expect someone will be in touch with you soon 
enough. 

What are you going to do? asked Harry quickly. 

Im going straight home, said Mrs. Figg, staring 
around the dark street and shuddering. Ill need to 
wait for more instructions. Just stay in the house. 
Good night. 

Hang on, dont go yet! I want to know   

But Mrs. Figg had already set off at a trot, carpet 
slippers flopping, string bag clanking. 

Wait! Harry shouted after her; he had a million 
questions to ask anyone who was in contact with 
Dumbledore; but within seconds Mrs. Figg was 
swallowed by the darkness. Scowling, Harry 

  31 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




readjusted Dudley on his shoulder and made his 
slow, painful way up number fours garden path. 

The hall light was on. Harry stuck his wand back 
inside the waistband of his jeans, rang the bell, and 
watched Aunt Petunias outline grow larger and 
larger, oddly distorted by the rippling glass in the 
front door. 

Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite  quite  
Diddy, whats the matter? 

Harry looked sideways at Dudley and ducked out 
from under his arm just in time. Dudley swayed for a 
moment on the spot, his face pale green, then he 
opened his mouth at last and vomited all over the 
doormat. 

DIDDY! Diddy, whats the matter with you? Vernon? 
VERNON! 

Harrys uncle came galumphing out of the living 
room, walrus mustache blowing hither and thither as 
it always did when he was agitated. He hurried 
forward to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weakkneed 
Dudley over the threshold while avoiding stepping in 
the pool of sick. 

Hes ill, Vernon! 

What is it, son? Whats happened? Did Mrs. Polkiss 
give you something foreign for tea? 

Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you 
been lying on the ground? 

Hang on  you havent been mugged, have you, 
son? 



  32 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Aunt Petunia screamed. 



Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, 
darling, speak to Mummy! What did they do to you? 

In all the kerfuffle, nobody seemed to have noticed 
Harry, which suited him perfectly. He managed to slip 
inside just before Uncle Vernon slammed the door 
and while the Dursleys made their noisy progress 
down the hall toward the kitchen, Harry moved 
carefully and quietly toward the stairs. 

Who did it, son? Give us names. Well get them, dont 
worry. 

Shh! Hes trying to say something, Vernon! What is 
it, Diddy? Tell Mummy! 

Harrys foot was on the bottommost stair when 
Dudley found his voice. 

Him 

Harry froze, foot on the stair, face screwed up, braced 
for the explosion. 

BOY! COME HERE! 

With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry 
removed his foot slowly from the stair and turned to 
follow the Dursleys. 

The scrupulously clean kitchen had an oddly unreal 
glitter after the darkness outside. Aunt Petunia was 
ushering Dudley into a chair; he was still very green 
and clammy looking. Uncle Vernon was standing in 
front of the draining board, glaring at Harry through 
tiny, narrowed eyes. 



  33 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What have you done to my son? he said in a 
menacing growl. 



Nothing, said Harry, knowing perfectly well that 
Uncle Vernon wouldnt believe him. 

What did he do to you, Diddy? Aunt Petunia said in 
a quavering voice, now sponging sick from the front of 
Dudleys leather jacket. Was it  was it youknow 
what, darling? Did he use  his thing? 

Slowly, tremulously, Dudley nodded. 

I didnt! Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out 
a wail and Uncle Vernon raised his fists. I didnt do 
anything to him, it wasnt me, it was   

But at that precise moment a screech owl swooped in 
through the kitchen window. Narrowly missing the 
top of Uncle Vernons head, it soared across the 
kitchen, dropped the large parchment envelope it was 
carrying in its beak at Harrys feet, and turned 
gracefully, the tips of its wings just brushing the top 
of the fridge, then zoomed outside again and off 
across the garden. 

OWLS! bellowed Uncle Vernon, the wellworn vein in 
his temple pulsing angrily as he slammed the kitchen 
window shut. OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY 
MORE OWLS IN MY HOUSE! 

But Harry was already ripping open the envelope and 
pulling out the letter inside, his heart pounding 
somewhere in the region of his Adams apple. 

Dear Mr. Potter, 

We have received intelligence that you performed the 
Patronus Charm at twentythree minutes past nine this 

  34 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




evening in a Muggleinhabited area and in the 
presence of a Muggle. 

The severity of this breach of the Decree for the 
Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery has 
resulted in your expulsion from Hog warts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives will 
be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy 
your wand. 

As you have already received an official warning for a 
previous offense under section 13 of the International 
Confederation of Wizards Statute of Secrecy, we regret 
to inform you that your presence is required at a 
disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a. m. 
on August 12th. 

Hoping you are well, 

Yours sincerely, 

Mafalda Hopkirk 

IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE 
Ministry of Magic 

Harry read the letter through twice. He was only 
vaguely aware of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia 
talking in the vicinity. Inside his head, all was icy and 
numb. One fact had penetrated his consciousness 
like a paralyzing dart. He was expelled from 
Hogwarts. It was all over. He was never going back. 

He looked up at the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon was 
purplefaced, shouting, his fists still raised; Aunt 
Petunia had her arms around Dudley, who was 
retching again. 



  35 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys temporarily stupefied brain seemed to 
reawaken. Ministry representatives will be calling at 
your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand. 
There was only one thing for it. He would have to run 
 now. Where he was going to go, Harry didnt know, 
but he was certain of one thing: At Hogwarts or 
outside it, he needed his wand. In an almost 
dreamlike state, he pulled his wand out and turned to 
leave the kitchen. 

Where dyou think youre going? yelled Uncle 
Vernon. When Harry didnt reply, he pounded across 
the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall. I 
havent finished with you, boy! 

Get out of the way, said Harry quietly. 

Youre going to stay here and explain how my son   

If you dont get out of the way Im going to jinx you, 
said Harry, raising the wand. 

You cant pull that one on me! snarled Uncle 
Vernon. I know youre not allowed to use it outside 
that madhouse you call a school! 

The madhouse has chucked me out, said Harry. So 
I can do whatever I like. Youve got three seconds. 

One  two   

A resounding CRACK filled the kitchen; Aunt Petunia 
screamed, Uncle Vernon yelled and ducked, but for 
the third time that night Harry was staring for the 
source of a disturbance he had not made. He spotted 
it at once: A dazed and ruffledlooking barn owl was 
sitting outside on the kitchen sill, having just collided 
with the closed window. 



  36 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ignoring Uncle Vernons anguished yell of OWLS! 
Harry crossed the room at a run and wrenched the 
window open again. The owl stuck out its leg, to 
which a small roll of parchment was tied, shook its 
feathers, and took off the moment Harry had pulled 
off the letter. Hands shaking, Harry unfurled the 
second message, which was written very hastily and 
blotchily in black ink. 

Harry  

Dumbledores just arrived at the Ministry, and hes 
trying to sort it all out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT 
AND UNCLES HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANYMORE 
MAGIC. DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND. 

Arthur Weasley 

Dumbledore was trying to sort it all out... What did 
that mean? How much power did Dumbledore have to 
override the Ministry of Magic? Was there a chance 
that he might be allowed back to Hogwarts, then? A 
small shoot of hope burgeoned in Harrys chest, 
almost immediately strangled by panic  how was he 
supposed to refuse to surrender his wand without 
doing magic? Hed have to duel with the Ministry 
representatives, and if he did that, hed be lucky to 
escape Azkaban, let alone expulsion. 

His mind was racing. . . He could run for it and risk 
being captured by the Ministry, or stay put and wait 
for them to find him here. He was much more 
tempted by the former course, but he knew that Mr. 
Weasley had his best interests at heart ... and, after 
all, Dumbledore had sorted out much worse than this 
before... 

Right, Harry said, Ive changed my mind, Im 
staying. 

  37 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




He flung himself down at the kitchen table and faced 
Dudley and Aunt Petunia. The Dursleys appeared 
taken aback at his abrupt change of mind. Aunt 
Petunia glanced despairingly at Uncle Vernon. The 
vein in Uncle Vernons purple temple was throbbing 
worse than ever. 

Who are all these ruddy owls from? he growled. 

The first one was from the Ministry of Magic, 
expelling me, said Harry calmly; he was straining his 
ears to catch noises outside in case the Ministry 
representatives were approaching, and it was easier 
and quieter to answer Uncle Vernons questions than 
to have him start raging and bellowing. The second 
one was from my friend Rons dad, he works at the 
Ministry. 

Ministry of Magic? bellowed Uncle Vernon. People 
like you in government? Oh this explains everything, 
everything, no wonder the countrys going to the 
dogs... 

When Harry did not respond, Uncle Vernon glared at 
him, then spat, And why have you been expelled? 

Because I did magic. 

AHA! roared Uncle Vernon, slamming his fist down 
on the top of the fridge, which sprang open; several of 
Dudleys lowfat snacks toppled out and burst on the 
floor. So you admit it! What did you do to Dudley? 

Nothing, said Harry, slightly less calmly. That 
wasnt me   

Was, muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle 
Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly made flapping 



  38 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




gestures at Harry to quiet him while they both bent 
low over Dudley. 

Go on, son, said Uncle Vernon, what did he do? 

Tell us, darling, whispered Aunt Petunia. 

Pointed his wand at me, Dudley mumbled. 

Yeah, I did, but I didnt use   Harry began angrily, 
but ... 

SHUT UP! roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in 
unison. Go on, son, repeated Uncle Vernon, 
mustache blowing about furiously. 

All dark, Dudley said hoarsely, shuddering. 
Everything dark. And then I hheard . . . things. Inside 
mmy head ... 

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged looks of 
utter horror. If their least favorite thing in the world 
was magic, closely followed by neighbors who cheated 
more than they did on the hosepipe ban, people who 
heard voices were definitely in the bottom ten. They 
obviously thought Dudley was losing his mind. 

What sort of things did you hear, popkin? breathed 
Aunt Petunia, very whitefaced and with tears in her 
eyes. 

But Dudley seemed incapable of saying. He 
shuddered again and shook his large blond head, and 
despite the sense of numb dread that had settled on 
Harry since the arrival of the first owl, he felt a 
certain curiosity. Dementors caused a person to relive 
the worst moments of their life... What would spoiled, 
pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear? 



  39 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




How come you fell over, son? said Uncle Vernon in 
an unnaturally quiet voice, the kind of voice he would 
adopt at the bedside of a very ill person. 

Ttripped, said Dudley shakily. And then   

He gestured at his massive chest. Harry understood: 
Dudley was remembering the clammy cold that filled 
the lungs as hope and happiness were sucked out of 
you. 

Horrible, croaked Dudley. Cold. Really cold. 

Okay, said Uncle Vernon in a voice of forced calm, 
while Aunt Petunia laid an anxious hand on Dudleys 
forehead to feel his temperature. What happened 
then, Dudders? 

Felt ... felt ... felt ... as if... as if ... 

As if youd never be happy again, Harry supplied 
tonelessly. 

Yes, Dudley whispered, still trembling. 

So, said Uncle Vernon, voice restored to full and 
considerable volume as he straightened up. So you 
put some crackpot spell on my son so hed hear 
voices and believe he was  was doomed to misery, 
or something, did you? 

How many times do I have to tell you? said Harry, 
temper and voice rising together. It wasnt me\ It was 
a couple of dementors! 

A couple of  whats this codswallop? 

De  men  tors, said Harry slowly and clearly. 
Two of them. 

  40 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




And what the ruddy hell are dementors? 



They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban, said Aunt 
Petunia. 

Two seconds ringing silence followed these words and 
then Aunt Petunia clapped her hand over her mouth 
as though she had let slip a disgusting swear word. 
Uncle Vernon was goggling at her. Harrys brain 
reeled. Mrs. Figg was one thing  but Aunt Petunia? 

How dyou know that? he asked her, astonished. 

Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with herself. She 
glanced at Uncle Vernon in fearful apology, then 
lowered her hand slightly to reveal her horsey teeth. 

I heard  that awful boy  telling her about them  
years ago, she said jerkily. 

If you mean my mum and dad, why dont you use 
their names? said Harry loudly, but Aunt Petunia 
ignored him. She seemed horribly flustered. 

Harry was stunned. Except for one outburst years 
ago, in the course of which Aunt Petunia had 
screamed that Harrys mother had been a freak, he 
had never heard her mention her sister. He was 
astounded that she had remembered this scrap of 
information about the magical world for so long, when 
she usually put all her energies into pretending it 
didnt exist. 

Uncle Vernon opened his mouth, closed it again, 
opened it once more, shut it, then, apparently 
struggling to remember how to talk, opened it for a 
third time and croaked, So  so  they  er  they 
 er  they actually exist, do they  er  dementy 
whatsits? 

  41 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Aunt Petunia nodded. 



Uncle Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to 
Harry as if hoping somebody was going to shout 
April Fool! When nobody did, he opened his mouth 
yet again, but was spared the struggle to find more 
words by the arrival of the third owl of the evening, 
which zoomed through the stillopen window like a 
feathery cannonball and landed with a clatter on the 
kitchen table, causing all three of the Dursleys to 
jump with fright. Harry tore a second officiallooking 
envelope from the owls beak and ripped it open as 
the owl swooped back out into the night. 

Enough  effing  owls ... muttered Uncle Vernon 
distractedly, stomping over to the window and 
slamming it shut again. 

Dear Mr. Potter, 

Further to our letter of approximately twentytwo 
minutes ago, the Ministry of Magic has revised its 
decision to destroy your wand forthwith. You may 
retain your wand until your disciplinary hearing on 
12th August, at which time an official decision will be 
taken. 

Following discussions with the Headmaster of 
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the 
Ministry has agreed that the question of your expulsion 
will also be decided at that time. You should therefore 
consider yourself suspended from school pending 
further inquiries. 

With best wishes, 

Yours sincerely, 

Mafalda Hopkirk 

  42 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE 



Ministry of Magic 

Harry read this letter through three times in quick 
succession. The miserable knot in his chest loosened 
slightly at the thought that he was not definitely 
expelled, though his fears were by no means 
banished. Everything seemed to hang on this hearing 
on the twelfth of August. 

Well? said Uncle Vernon, recalling Harry to his 
surroundings. What now? Have they sentenced you 
to anything? Do your lot have the death penalty? he 
added as a hopeful afterthought. 

Ive got to go to a hearing, said Harry. 

And theyll sentence you there? 

I suppose so. 

I wont give up hope, then, said Uncle Vernon 
nastily. 

Well, if thats all, said Harry, getting to his feet. He 
was desperate to be alone, to think, perhaps to send a 
letter to Ron, Hermione, or Sirius. 

NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL! bellowed Uncle 
Vernon. SIT BACK DOWN! 

What now? said Harry impatiently. 

DUDLEY! roared Uncle Vernon. I want to know 
exactly what happened to my son! 

FINE! yelled Harry, and in his temper, red and gold 
sparks shot out of the end of his wand, still clutched 

  43 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




in his hand. All three Dursleys flinched, looking 
terrified. 

Dudley and I were in the alleyway between Magnolia 
Crescent and Wisteria Walk, said Harry, speaking 
fast, fighting to control his temper. Dudley thought 
hed be smart with me, I pulled out my wand but 
didnt use it. Then two dementors turned up   

But what ARE dementoids? asked Uncle Vernon 
furiously. What do they DO? 

I told you  they suck all the happiness out of you, 
said Harry, and if they get the chance, they kiss you 



Kiss you? said Uncle Vernon, his eyes popping 
slightly. Kiss you? 

Its what they call it when they suck the soul out of 
your mouth. 

Aunt Petunia uttered a soft scream. 

His soul? They didnt take  hes still got his   

She seized Dudley by the shoulders and shook him, 
as though testing to see whether she could hear his 
soul rattling around inside him. 

Of course they didnt get his soul, youd know if they 
had, said Harry, exasperated. 

Fought em off, did you, son? said Uncle Vernon 
loudly, with the appearance of a man struggling to 
bring the conversation back onto a plane he 
understood. Gave em the old onetwo, did you? 



  44 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




You cant give a dementor the old onetwo, said 
Harry through clenched teeth. 

Whys he all right, then? blustered Uncle Vernon. 
Why isnt he all empty, then? 

Because I used the Patronus   

WHOOSH. With a clattering, a whirring of wings, and 
a soft fall of dust, a fourth owl came shooting out of 
the kitchen fireplace. 

FOR GODS SAKE! roared Uncle Vernon, pulling 
great clumps of hair out of his mustache, something 
he hadnt been driven to in a long time. I WILL NOT 
HAVE OWLS HERE, I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I 
TELL YOU! 

But Harry was already pulling a roll of parchment 
from the owls leg. He was so convinced that this 
letter had to be from Dumbledore, explaining 
everything  the dementors, Mrs. Figg, what the 
Ministry was up to, how he, Dumbledore, intended to 
sort everything out  that for the first time in his life 
he was disappointed to see Siriuss handwriting. 
Ignoring Uncle Vernons ongoing rant about owls and 
narrowing his eyes against a second cloud of dust as 
the most recent owl took off back up the chimney, 
Harry read Siriuss message. 

Arthurs just told us whats happened. 

Dont leave the house again, whatever you do. 

Harry found this such an inadequate response to 
everything that had happened tonight that he turned 
the piece of parchment over, looking for the rest of the 
letter, but there was nothing there. 



  45 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




And now his temper was rising again. Wasnt 
anybody going to say well done for fighting off two 
dementors singlehandedly? Both Mr. Weasley and 
Sirius were acting as though hed misbehaved and 
they were saving their tellingsoff until they could 
ascertain how much damage had been done. 

  a peck, I mean, pack of owls shooting in and out 
of my house and I wont have it, boy, I wont   

I cant stop the owls coming, Harry snapped, 
crushing Siriuss letter in his fist. 

I want the truth about what happened tonight! 
barked Uncle Vernon. If it was demenders who hurt 
Dudley, how come youve been expelled? You did you 
knowwhat, youve admitted it! 

Harry took a deep, steadying breath. His head was 
beginning to ache again. He wanted more than 
anything to get out of the kitchen, away from the 
Dursleys. 

I did the Patronus Charm to get rid of the 
dementors, he said, forcing himself to remain calm. 
Its the only thing that works against them. 

But what were dementoids doing in Little Whinging? 
said Uncle Vernon in tones of outrage. 

Couldnt tell you, said Harry wearily. No idea. 

His head was pounding in the glare of the strip 
lighting now. His anger was ebbing away. He felt 
drained, exhausted. The Dursleys were all staring at 
him. 

Its you, said Uncle Vernon forcefully. Its got 
something to do with you, boy, I know it. Why else 

  46 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




would they turn up here? Why else would they be 
down that alleyway? Youve got to be the only  the 
only   Evidently he couldnt bring himself to say the 
word wizard. The only youknowwhat for miles. 

I dont know why they were here... 

But at these words of Uncle Vernons, Harrys 
exhausted brain ground back into action. Why had 
the dementors come to Little Whinging? How could it 
be coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway 
where Harry was? Had they been sent? Had the 
Ministry of Magic lost control of the dementors, had 
they deserted Azkaban and joined Voldemort, as 
Dumbledore had predicted they would? 

These demembers guard some weirdos prison? said 
Uncle Vernon, lumbering in the wake of Harrys train 
of thought. 

Yes, said Harry. 

If only his head would stop hurting, if only he could 
just leave the kitchen and get to his dark bedroom 
and think... 

Oho! They were coming to arrest you! said Uncle 
Vernon, with the triumphant air of a man reaching an 
unassailable conclusion. Thats it, isnt it, boy? 

Youre on the run from the law! 

Of course Im not, said Harry, shaking his head as 
though to scare off a fly, his mind racing now. 

Then why  ? 

He must have sent them, said Harry quietly, more to 
himself than to Uncle Vernon. 



  47 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Whats that? Who must have sent them? 

Lord Voldemort, said Harry. 

He registered dimly how strange it was that the 
Dursleys, who flinched, winced, and squawked if they 
heard words like wizard, magic, or wand, could 
hear the name of the most evil wizard of all time 
without the slightest tremor. 

Lord  hang on, said Uncle Vernon, his face 
screwed up, a look of dawning comprehension in his 
piggy eyes. Ive heard that name ... that was the one 
who ... 

Murdered my parents, yes, Harry said. 

But hes gone, said Uncle Vernon impatiently, 
without the slightest sign that the murder of Harrys 
parents might be a painful topic to anybody. That 
giant bloke said so. Hes gone. 

Hes back, said Harry heavily. 

It felt very strange to be standing here in Aunt 
Petunias surgically clean kitchen, beside the topof 
therange fridge and the widescreen television, and 
talking calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle Vernon. 

The arrival of the dementors in Little Whinging 
seemed to have caused a breach in the great, invisible 
wall that divided the relentlessly nonmagical world of 
Privet Drive and the world beyond. Harrys two lives 
had somehow become fused and everything had been 
turned upside down: The Dursleys were asking for 
details about the magical world and Mrs. Figg knew 
Albus Dumbledore; dementors were soaring around 
Little Whinging and he might never go back to 
Hogwarts. Harrys head throbbed more painfully. 



  48 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Back? whispered Aunt Petunia. 

She was looking at Harry as she had never looked at 
him before. And all of a sudden, for the very first time 
in his life, Harry fully appreciated that Aunt Petunia 
was his mothers sister. He could not have said why 
this hit him so very powerfully at this moment. All he 
knew was that he was not the only person in the 
room who had an inkling of what Lord Voldemort 
being back might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in 
her life looked at him like that before. Her large, pale 
eyes (so unlike her sisters) were not narrowed in 
dislike or anger: They were wide and fearful. The 
furious pretense that Aunt Petunia had maintained 
all Harrys life  that there was no magic and no 
world other than the world she inhabited with Uncle 
Vernon  seemed to have fallen away. 

Yes, Harry said, talking directly to Aunt Petunia 
now. He came back a month ago. I saw him. 

Her hands found Dudleys massive leatherclad 
shoulders and clutched them. 

Hang on, said Uncle Vernon, looking from his wife 
to Harry and back again, apparently dazed and 
confused by the unprecedented understanding that 
seemed to have sprung up between them. Hang on. 
This Lord Voldythings back, you say. 

Yes. 

The one who murdered your parents. 

Yes. 

And now hes sending dismembers after you? 

Looks like it, said Harry. 

  49 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




I see, said Uncle Vernon, looking from his white 
faced wife to Harry and hitching up his trousers. He 
seemed to be swelling, his great purple face stretching 
before Harrys eyes. Well, that settles it, he said, his 
shirt front straining as he inflated himself, you can 
get out of this house, boy\ 

What? said Harry. 

You heard me  OUT! Uncle Vernon bellowed, and 
even Aunt Petunia and Dudley jumped. OUT! OUT! I 
shouldve done it years ago! Owls treating the place 
like a rest home, puddings exploding, half the lounge 
destroyed, Dudleys tail, Marge bobbing around on 
the ceiling, and that flying Ford Anglia  OUT! OUT! 
Youve had it! Youre history! Youre not staying here if 
some loonys after you, youre not endangering my 
wife and son, youre not bringing trouble down on us, 
if youre going the same way as your useless parents, 
Ive had it! OUT! 

Harry stood rooted to the spot. The letters from the 
Ministry, Mr. Weasley, and Sirius were crushed in his 
left hand. Dont leave the house again, whatever you 
do. DO NOT LEA VE YOUR A UNT AND UNCLES 
HOUSE. 

You heard me! said Uncle Vernon, bending forward 
now, so that his massive purple face came closer to 
Harrys, so that Harry actually felt flecks of spit hit 
his face. Get going! You were all keen to leave half an 
hour ago! Im right behind you! Get out and never 
darken our doorstep again! Why we ever kept you in 
the first place I dont know. Marge was right, it should 
have been the orphanage, we were too damn soft for 
our own good, thought we could squash it out of you, 
thought we could turn you normal, but youve been 
rotten from the beginning, and Ive had enough  
OWLS! 

  50 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




The fifth owl zoomed down the chimney so fast it 
actually hit the floor before zooming into the air again 
with a loud screech. Harry raised his hand to seize 
the letter, which was in a scarlet envelope, but it 
soared straight over his head, flying directly at Aunt 
Petunia, who let out a scream and ducked, her arms 
over her face. The owl dropped the red envelope on 
her head, turned, and flew straight up the chimney 
again. 

Harry darted forward to pick up the letter, but Aunt 
Petunia beat him to it. 

You can open it if you like, said Harry, but Ill hear 
what it says anyway. Thats a Howler. 

Let go of it, Petunia! roared Uncle Vernon. Dont 
touch it, it could be dangerous! 

Its addressed to me, said Aunt Petunia in a shaking 
voice. Its addressed to me, Vernon, look! Mrs. 

Petunia Dursley, The Kitchen, Number Four, Privet 
Drive   

She caught her breath, horrified. The red envelope 
had begun to smoke. 

Open it! Harry urged her. Get it over with! Itll 
happen anyway   

No   



Aunt Petunias hand was trembling. She looked wildly 
around the kitchen as though looking for an escape 
route, but too late  the envelope burst into flames. 
Aunt Petunia screamed and dropped it. 



  51 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




An awful voice filled the kitchen, echoing in the 
confined space, issuing from the burning letter on the 
table. 



REMEMBER MY LAST, PETUNIA. 

Aunt Petunia looked as though she might faint. She 
sank into the chair beside Dudley, her face in her 
hands. The remains of the envelope smoldered into 
ash in the silence. 

What is this? Uncle Vernon said hoarsely. What  

I dont  Petunia? 

Aunt Petunia said nothing. Dudley was staring 
stupidly at his mother, his mouth hanging open. The 
silence spiraled horribly. Harry was watching his 
aunt, utterly bewildered, his head throbbing fit to 
burst. 

Petunia, dear? said Uncle Vernon timidly. P 
Petunia? 

She raised her head. She was still trembling. She 
swallowed. 

The boy  the boy will have to stay, Vernon, she 
said weakly. 

Wwhat? 

He stays, she said. She was not looking at Harry. 

She got to her feet again. 

He ... but Petunia ... 

If we throw him out, the neighbors will talk, she 
said. She was regaining her usual brisk, snappish 
manner rapidly, though she was still very pale. 

  52 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Theyll ask awkward questions, theyll want to know 
where hes gone. Well have to keep him. 

Uncle Vernon was deflating like an old tire. 

But Petunia, dear   

Aunt Petunia ignored him. She turned to Harry. 

Youre to stay in your room, she said. Youre not to 
leave the house. Now get to bed. 

Harry didnt move. 

Who was that Howler from? 

Dont ask questions, Aunt Petunia snapped. 

Are you in touch with wizards? 

I told you to get to bed! 

What did it mean? Remember the last what? 

Go to bed! 

How come  ? 

YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT, NOW GET TO BED! 



  53 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE ADVANCED GUARD 

Fve just been attacked by dementors and I might be 
expelled from Hogwarts. I want to know whats going 
on and when Im going to get out of here.  

Harry copied these words onto three separate pieces 
of parchment the moment he reached the desk in his 
dark bedroom. He addressed the first to Sirius, the 
second to Ron, and the third to Hermione. His owl, 
Hedwig, was off hunting; her cage stood empty on the 
desk. Harry paced the bedroom waiting for her to 
come back, his head pounding, his brain too busy for 
sleep even though his eyes stung and itched with 
tiredness. His back ached from carrying Dudley 
home, and the two lumps on his head where the 
window and Dudley had hit him were throbbing 
painfully. 

Up and down he paced, consumed with anger and 
frustration, grinding his teeth and clenching his fists, 
casting angry looks out at the empty, starstrewn sky 
every time he passed the window. Dementors sent to 
get him, Mrs. Figg and Mundungus Fletcher tailing 
  54 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



him in secret, then suspension from Hogwarts and a 
hearing at the Ministry of Magic  and still no one 
was telling him what was going on. 

And what, what, had that Howler been about? Whose 
voice had echoed so horribly, so menacingly, through 
the kitchen? 

Why was he still trapped here without information? 
Why was everyone treating him like some naughty 
kid? Dont do any more magic, stay in the house... 

He kicked his school trunk as he passed it, but far 
from relieving his anger he felt worse, as he now had 
a sharp pain in his toe to deal with in addition to the 
pain in the rest of his body. 

Just as he limped past the window, Hedwig soared 
through it with a soft rustle of wings like a small 
ghost. 

About time! Harry snarled, as she landed lightly on 
top of her cage. You can put that down, IVe got work 
for you! 

Hedwigs large round amber eyes gazed reproachfully 
at him over the dead frog clamped in her beak. 

Come here, said Harry, picking up the three small 
rolls of parchment and a leather thong and tying the 
scrolls to her scaly leg. Take these straight to Sirius, 
Ron, and Hermione and dont come back here without 
good long replies. Keep pecking them till theyve 
written decentlength answers if youve got to. 
Understand? 

Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, beak still full of 
frog. 



  55 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Get going, then, said Harry. 

She took off immediately. The moment shed gone, 
Harry threw himself down onto his bed without 
undressing and stared at the dark ceiling. In addition 
to every other miserable feeling, he now felt guilty 
that hed been irritable with Hedwig; she was the only 
friend he had at number four, Privet Drive. But hed 
make it up to her when she came back with Siriuss, 
Rons, and Hermiones answers. 

They were bound to write back quickly; they couldnt 
possibly ignore a dementor attack. Hed probably 
wake up tomorrow to three fat letters full of sympathy 
and plans for his immediate removal to the Burrow. 
And with that comforting idea, sleep rolled over him, 
stifling all further thought. 

k Jc k 



But Hedwig didnt return next morning. Harry spent 
the day in his bedroom, leaving it only to go to the 
bathroom. Three times that day Aunt Petunia shoved 
food into his room through the cat flap Uncle Vernon 
had installed three summers ago. Every time Harry 
heard her approaching he tried to question her about 
the Howler, but he might as well have interrogated 
the doorknob for all the answers he got. Otherwise 
the Dursleys kept well clear of his bedroom. Harry 
couldnt see the point of forcing his company on 
them; another row would achieve nothing except 
perhaps making him so angry hed perform more 
illegal magic. 

So it went on for three whole days. Harry was filled 
alternately with restless energy that made him unable 
to settle to anything, during which he paced his 
bedroom again, furious at the whole lot of them for 



  56 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




leaving him to stew in this mess, and with a lethargy 
so complete that he could lie on his bed for an hour 
at a time, staring dazedly into space, aching with 
dread at the thought of the Ministry hearing. 

What if they ruled against him? What if he was 
expelled and his wand was snapped in half? What 
would he do, where would he go? He could not return 
to living fulltime with the Dursleys, not now that he 
knew the other world, the one to which he really 
belonged... Was it possible that he might be able to 
move into Siriuss house, as Sirius had suggested a 
year ago, before he had been forced to flee from the 
Ministry himself? Would he be allowed to live there 
alone, given that he was still underage? Or would the 
matter of where he went next be decided for him; had 
his breach of the International Statute of Secrecy 
been severe enough to land him in a cell in Azkaban? 
Whenever this thought occurred, Harry invariably slid 
off his bed and began pacing again. 

On the fourth night after Hedwigs departure Harry 
was lying in one of his apathetic phases, staring at 
the ceiling, his exhausted mind quite blank, when his 
uncle entered his bedroom. Harry looked slowly 
around at him. Uncle Vernon was wearing his best 
suit and an expression of enormous smugness. 

Were going out, he said. 

Sorry? 

We  that is to say, your aunt, Dudley, and I  are 
going out. 

Fine, said Harry dully, looking back at the ceiling. 

You are not to leave your bedroom while we are 
away. 

  57 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Okay. 



You are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any 
of our possessions. 

Right. 

You are not to steal food from the fridge. 

Okay. 

I am going to lock your door. 

You do that. 

Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, clearly suspicious of 
this lack of argument, then stomped out of the room 
and closed the door behind him. Harry heard the key 
turn in the lock and Uncle Vernons footsteps walking 
heavily down the stairs. A few minutes later he heard 
the slamming of car doors, the rumble of an engine, 
and the unmistakable sound of the car sweeping out 
of the drive. 

Harry had no particular feeling about the Dursleys 
leaving. It made no difference to him whether they 
were in the house or not. He could not even summon 
the energy to get up and turn on his bedroom light. 
The room grew steadily darker around him as he lay 
listening to the night sounds through the window he 
kept open all the time, waiting for the blessed 
moment when Hedwig returned. 

The empty house creaked around him. The pipes 
gurgled. Harry lay there in a kind of stupor, thinking 
of nothing, suspended in misery. 

And then, quite distinctly, he heard a crash in the 
kitchen below. 

  58 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




He sat bolt upright, listening intently. The Dursleys 
couldnt be back, it was much too soon, and in any 
case he hadnt heard their car. 

There was silence for a few seconds, and then he 
heard voices. 

Burglars, he thought, sliding off the bed onto his feet 
 but a split second later it occurred to him that 
burglars would keep their voices down, and whoever 
was moving around in the kitchen was certainly not 
troubling to do so. 

He snatched up his wand from his bedside table and 
stood facing his bedroom door, listening with all his 
might. Next moment he jumped as the lock gave a 
loud click and his door swung open. 

Harry stood motionless, staring through the open 
door at the dark upstairs landing, straining his ears 
for further sounds, but none came. He hesitated for a 
moment and then moved swiftly and silently out of 
his room to the head of the stairs. 

His heart shot upward into his throat. There were 
people standing in the shadowy hall below, 
silhouetted against the streetlight glowing through 
the glass door; eight or nine of them, all, as far as he 
could see, looking up at him. 

Lower your wand, boy, before you take someones eye 
out, said a low, growling voice. 

Harrys heart was thumping uncontrollably. He knew 
that voice, but he did not lower his wand. 

Professor Moody? he said uncertainly. 



  59 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I dont know so much about Professor,  growled the 
voice, never got round to much teaching, did I? Get 
down here, we want to see you properly. 

Harry lowered his wand slightly but did not relax his 
grip on it, nor did he move. He had very good reason 
to be suspicious. He had recently spent nine months 
in what he had thought was MadEye Moodys 
company only to find out that it wasnt Moody at all, 
but an impostor; an impostor, moreover, who had 
tried to kill Harry before being unmasked. But before 
he could make a decision about what to do next, a 
second, slightly hoarse voice floated upstairs. 

Its all right, Harry. Weve come to take you away. 

Harrys heart leapt. He knew that voice too, though he 
hadnt heard it for more than a year. 

PProfessor Lupin? he said disbelievingly. Is that 
you? 

Why are we all standing in the dark? said a third 
voice, this one completely unfamiliar, a womans. 
Lumos. 

A wand tip flared, illuminating the hall with magical 
light. Harry blinked. The people below were crowded 
around the foot of the stairs, gazing intently up at 
him, some craning their heads for a better look. 

Remus Lupin stood nearest to him. Though still quite 
young, Lupin looked tired and rather ill; he had more 
gray hair than when Harry had said goodbye to him, 
and his robes were more patched and shabbier than 
ever. Nevertheless, he was smiling broadly at Harry, 
who tried to smile back through his shock. 



  60 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oooh, he looks just like I thought he would, said the 
witch who was holding her lit wand aloft. She looked 
the youngest there; she had a pale heartshaped face, 
dark twinkling eyes, and short spiky hair that was a 
violent shade of violet. Wotcher, Harry! 

Yeah, I see what you mean, Remus, said a bald 
black wizard standing farthest back; he had a deep, 
slow voice and wore a single gold hoop in his ear. He 
looks exactly like James. 

Except the eyes, said a wheezyvoiced, silverhaired 
wizard at the back. Lilys eyes. 

MadEye Moody, who had long grizzled gray hair and 
a large chunk missing from his nose, was squinting 
suspiciously at Harry through his mismatched eyes. 
One of the eyes was small, dark, and beady, the other 
large, round, and electric blue  the magical eye that 
could see through walls, doors, and the back of 
Moodys own head. 

Are you quite sure its him, Lupin? he growled. Itd 
be a nice lookout if we bring back some Death Eater 
impersonating him. We ought to ask him something 
only the real Potter would know. Unless anyone 
brought any Veritaserum? 

Harry, what form does your Patronus take? said 
Lupin. 

A stag, said Harry nervously. 

Thats him, MadEye, said Lupin. 

Harry descended the stairs, very conscious of 
everybody still staring at him, stowing his wand into 
the back pocket of his jeans as he came. 



  61 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dont put your wand there, boy! roared Moody. 
What if it ignited? Better wizards than you have lost 
buttocks, you know! 

Who dyou know whos lost a buttock? the violet 
haired woman asked MadEye interestedly. 

Never you mind, you just keep your wand out of your 
back pocket! growled MadEye. Elementary wand 
safety, nobody bothers about it anymore... He 
stumped off toward the kitchen. And I saw that, he 
added irritably, as the woman rolled her eyes at the 
ceiling. 

Lupin held out his hand and shook Harrys. 

How are you? he asked, looking at Harry closely. 
Ffine ... 

Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks 
with nothing, not the tiniest hint of a plan to remove 
him from Privet Drive, and suddenly a whole bunch of 
wizards was standing matteroffactly in the house as 
though this were a longstanding arrangement. He 
glanced at the people surrounding Lupin; they were 
still gazing avidly at him. He felt very conscious of the 
fact that he had not combed his hair for four days. 

Im  youre really lucky the Dursleys are out ... he 
mumbled. 

Lucky, ha! said the violethaired woman. It was me 
that lured them out of the way. Sent a letter by 
Muggle post telling them theyd been shortlisted for 
the AllEngland BestKept Suburban Lawn 
Competition. Theyre heading off to the prizegiving 
right now... Or they think they are. 



  62 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry had a fleeting vision of Uncle Vernons face 
when he realized there was no AllEngland BestKept 
Suburban Lawn Competition. 

We are leaving, arent we? he asked. Soon? 

Almost at once, said Lupin, were just waiting for 
the allclear. 

Where are we going? The Burrow? Harry asked 
hopefully. 

Not the Burrow, no, said Lupin, motioning Harry 
toward the kitchen; the little knot of wizards followed, 
all still eyeing Harry curiously. Too risky. Weve set 
up headquarters somewhere undetectable. Its taken 
a while... 

MadEye Moody was now sitting at the kitchen table 
swigging from a hip flask, his magical eye spinning in 
all directions, taking in the Dursleys many labor 
saving appliances. 

This is Alastor Moody, Harry, Lupin continued, 
pointing toward Moody. 

Yeah, I know, said Harry uncomfortably; it felt odd 
to be introduced to somebody hed thought hed 
known for a year. 

And this is Nymphadora   

 Dont call me Nymphadora, Remus, said the young 
witch with a shudder. Its Tonks. 

  Nymphadora Tonks, who prefers to be known by 
her surname only, finished Lupin. 



  63 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




So would you if your fool of a mother had called you 
Nymphadora,   muttered Tonks. 

And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt  he indicated the 
tall black wizard, who bowed  Elphias Doge  the 
wheezyvoiced wizard nodded  Dedalus Diggle   

Weve met before, squeaked the excitable Diggle, 
dropping his top hat. 

  Emmeline Vance  a stately looking witch in an 
emeraldgreen shawl inclined her head  Sturgis 
Podmore  a squarejawed wizard with thick, straw 
colored hair winked  and Hestia Jones. A pink 
cheeked, blackhaired witch waved from next to the 
toaster. 

Harry inclined his head awkwardly at each of them as 
they were introduced. He wished they would look at 
something other than him; it was as though he had 
suddenly been ushered onstage. He also wondered 
why so many of them were there. 

A surprising number of people volunteered to come 
and get you, said Lupin, as though he had read 
Harrys mind; the corners of his mouth twitched 
slightly. 

Yeah, well, the more the better, said Moody darkly. 
Were your guard, Potter. 

Were just waiting for the signal to tell us its safe to 
set off, said Lupin, glancing out of the kitchen 
window. Weve got about fifteen minutes. 

Very clean, arent they, these Muggles? said the 
witch called Tonks, who was looking around the 
kitchen with great interest. My dads Muggleborn 



  64 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and hes a right old slob. I suppose it varies, just like 
with wizards? 

Er  yeah, said Harry. Look  he turned back to 
Lupin  whats going on, I havent heard anything 
from anyone, whats Vol  ? 

Several of the witches and wizards made odd hissing 
noises; Dedalus Diggle dropped his hat again, and 
Moody growled, Shut up\ 

What? said Harry. 

Were not discussing anything here, its too risky, 
said Moody, turning his normal eye on Harry; his 
magical eye remained pointing up at the ceiling. 
Damn it, he added angrily, putting a hand up to the 
magical eye, it keeps sticking  ever since that scum 
wore it   

And with a nasty squelching sound much like a 
plunger being pulled from a sink, he popped out his 
eye. 

MadEye, you do know thats disgusting, dont you? 
said Tonks conversationally. 

Get me a glass of water, would you, Harry? asked 
Moody. 

Harry crossed to the dishwasher, took out a clean 
glass, and filled it with water at the sink, still watched 
eagerly by the band of wizards. Their relentless 
staring was starting to annoy him. 

Cheers, said Moody, when Harry handed him the 
glass. He dropped the magical eyeball into the water 
and prodded it up and down; the eye whizzed around, 



  65 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




staring at them all in turn. I want threehundred 
andsixty degrees visibility on the return journey. 

Howre we getting  wherever were going? Harry 
asked. 

Brooms, said Lupin. Only way. Youre too young to 
Apparate, theyll be watching the Floo Network, and 
its more than our lifes worth to set up an 
unauthorized Portkey. 

Remus says youre a good flier, said Kingsley 
Shacklebolt in his deep voice. 

Hes excellent, said Lupin, who was checking his 
watch. Anyway, youd better go and get packed, 
Harry, we want to be ready to go when the signal 
comes. 

Ill come and help you, said Tonks brightly. 

She followed Harry back into the hall and up the 
stairs, looking around with much curiosity and 
interest. 

Funny place, she said, its a bit too clean, dyou 
know what I mean? Bit unnatural. Oh, this is better, 
she added, as they entered Harrys bedroom and he 
turned on the light. 

His room was certainly much messier than the rest of 
the house. Confined to it for four days in a very bad 
mood, Harry had not bothered tidying up after 
himself. Most of the books he owned were strewn over 
the floor where hed tried to distract himself with each 
in turn and thrown it aside. Hedwigs cage needed 
cleaning out and was starting to smell, and his trunk 
lay open, revealing a jumbled mixture of Muggle 



  66 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




clothes and wizards robes that had spilled onto the 
floor around it. 

Harry started picking up books and throwing them 
hastily into his trunk. Tonks paused at his open 
wardrobe to look critically at her reflection in the 
mirror on the inside of the door. 

You know, I dont think purples really my color, she 
said pensively, tugging at a lock of spiky hair. Dyou 
think it makes me look a bit peaky? 

Er   said Harry, looking up at her over the top of 
Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland. 

Yeah, it does, said Tonks decisively. She screwed up 
her eyes in a strained expression as though she were 
struggling to remember something. A second later, 
her hair had turned bubblegum pink. 

How did you do that? said Harry, gaping at her as 
she opened her eyes again. 

Im a Metamorphmagus, she said, looking back at 
her reflection and turning her head so that she could 
see her hair from all directions. It means I can 
change my appearance at will, she added, spotting 
Harrys puzzled expression in the mirror behind her. 

I was born one. I got top marks in Concealment and 
Disguise during Auror training without any study at 
all, it was great. 

Youre an Auror? said Harry, impressed. Being a 
Dark wizard catcher was the only career hed ever 
considered after Hogwarts. 

Yeah, said Tonks, looking proud. Kingsley is as 
well; hes a bit higher up than I am, though. I only 
qualified a year ago. Nearly failed on Stealth and 

  67 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Tracking, Im dead clumsy, did you hear me break 
that plate when we arrived downstairs? 



Can you learn how to be a Metamorphmagus? Harry 
asked her, straightening up, completely forgetting 
about packing. 

Tonks chuckled. 

Bet you wouldnt mind hiding that scar sometimes, 
eh? 

Her eyes found the lightningshaped scar on Harrys 
forehead. 

No, I wouldnt mind, Harry mumbled, turning away. 
He did not like people staring at his scar. 

Well, you 11 have to learn the hard way, Im afraid, 
said Tonks. Metamorphmagi are really rare, theyre 
born, not made. Most wizards need to use a wand or 
potions to change their appearance... But weve got to 
get going, Harry, were supposed to be packing, she 
added guiltily, looking around at all the mess on the 
floor. 

Oh  yeah, said Harry, grabbing up a few more 
books. 

Dont be stupid, itll be much quicker if I  pack). 
cried Tonks, waving her wand in a long, sweeping 
movement over the floor. 

Books, clothes, telescope, and scales all soared into 
the air and flew pellmell into the trunk. 

Its not very neat, said Tonks, walking over to the 
trunk and looking down at the jumble inside. My 
mums got this knack of getting stuff to fit itself in 

  68 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




neatly  she even gets the socks to fold themselves  
but Ive never mastered how she does it  its a kind 
of flick   

She flicked her wand hopefully; one of Harrys socks 
gave a feeble sort of wiggle and flopped back on top of 
the mess within. 

Ah, well, said Tonks, slamming the trunks lid shut, 
at least its all in. That could do with a bit of 
cleaning, too  Scourgify   She pointed her wand at 
Hedwigs cage; a few feathers and droppings 
vanished. Well, thats a bit better  Ive never quite 
got the hang of these sort of householdy spells. Right 
 got everything? Cauldron? Broom? Wow! A 
Firebolt? 

Her eyes widened as they fell on the broomstick in 
Harrys right hand. It was his pride and joy, a gift 
from Sirius, an international standard broomstick. 

And Im still riding a Comet Two Sixty, said Tonks 
enviously. Ah well ... wand still in your jeans? Both 
buttocks still on? Okay, lets go. Locomotor Trunk. 

Harrys trunk rose a few inches into the air. Holding 
her wand like a conductors baton, Tonks made it 
hover across the room and out of the door ahead of 
them, Hedwigs cage in her left hand. Harry followed 
her down the stairs carrying his broomstick. 

Back in the kitchen, Moody had replaced his eye, 
which was spinning so fast after its cleaning it made 
Harry feel sick. Kingsley Shacklebolt and Sturgis 
Podmore were examining the microwave and Hestia 
Jones was laughing at a potato peeler she had come 
across while rummaging in the drawers. Lupin was 
sealing a letter addressed to the Dursleys. 



  69 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Excellent, said Lupin, looking up as Tonks and 
Harry entered. Weve got about a minute, I think. We 
should probably get out into the garden so were 
ready. Harry, Ive left a letter telling your aunt and 
uncle not to worry   

They wont, said Harry. 

That youre safe   

Thatll just depress them. 

  and youll see them next summer. 

Do I have to? 

Lupin smiled but made no answer. 

Come here, boy, said Moody gruffly, beckoning 
Harry toward him with his wand. I need to 
Disillusion you. 

You need to what? said Harry nervously. 

Disillusionment Charm, said Moody, raising his 
wand. Lupin says youve got an Invisibility Cloak, 
but it wont stay on while were flying; thisll disguise 
you better. Here you go   

He rapped Harry hard on the top of the head and 
Harry felt a curious sensation as though Moody had 
just smashed an egg there; cold trickles seemed to be 
running down his body from the point the wand had 
struck. 

Nice one, MadEye, said Tonks appreciatively, 
staring at Harrys midriff. 



  70 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry looked down at his body, or rather, what had 
been his body, for it didnt look anything like his 
anymore. It was not invisible; it had simply taken on 
the exact color and texture of the kitchen unit behind 
him. He seemed to have become a human chameleon. 

Come on, said Moody, unlocking the back door with 
his wand. 

They all stepped outside onto Uncle Vernons 
beautifully kept lawn. 

Clear night, grunted Moody, his magical eye 
scanning the heavens. Couldve done with a bit more 
cloud cover. Right, you, he barked at Harry, were 
going to be flying in close formation. Tonksll be right 
in front of you, keep close on her tail. Lupinll be 
covering you from below. Im going to be behind you. 
The restll be circling us. We dont break ranks for 
anything, got me? If one of us is killed   

Is that likely? Harry asked apprehensively, but 
Moody ignored him. 

  the others keep flying, dont stop, dont break 
ranks. If they take out all of us and you survive, 

Harry, the rear guard are standing by to take over; 
keep flying east and theyll join you. 

Stop being so cheerful, MadEye, hell think were not 
taking this seriously, said Tonks, as she strapped 
Harrys trunk and Hedwigs cage into a harness 
hanging from her broom. 

Im just telling the boy the plan, growled Moody. 
Our jobs to deliver him safely to headquarters and if 
we die in the attempt   



  71 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No ones going to die, said Kingsley Shacklebolt in 
his deep, calming voice. 

Mount your brooms, thats the first signal! said 
Lupin sharply, pointing into the sky. 

Far, far above them, a shower of bright red sparks 
had flared among the stars. Harry recognized them at 
once as wand sparks. He swung his right leg over his 
Firebolt, gripped its handle tightly, and felt it 
vibrating very slightly, as though it was as keen as he 
was to be up in the air once more. 

Second signal, lets go! said Lupin loudly, as more 
sparks, green this time, exploded high above them. 

Harry kicked off hard from the ground. The cool night 
air rushed through his hair as the neat square 
gardens of Privet Drive fell away, shrinking rapidly 
into a patchwork of dark greens and blacks, and 
every thought of the Ministry hearing was swept from 
his mind as though the rush of air had blown it out of 
his head. He felt as though his heart was going to 
explode with pleasure; he was flying again, flying 
away from Privet Drive as hed been fantasizing about 
all summer, he was going home... For a few glorious 
moments, all his problems seemed to recede into 
nothing, insignificant in the vast, starry sky. 

Hard left, hard left, theres a Muggle looking up! 
shouted Moody from behind him. Tonks swerved and 
Harry followed her, watching his trunk swinging 
wildly beneath her broom. We need more height... 
Give it another quarter of a mile! 

Harrys eyes watered in the chill as they soared 
upward; he could see nothing below now but tiny 
pinpricks of light that were car headlights and 
streetlamps. Two of those tiny lights might belong to 

  72 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Uncle Vernons car... The Dursleys would be heading 
back to their empty house right now, full of rage 
about the nonexistent lawn competition . . . and Harry 
laughed aloud at the thought, though his voice was 
drowned by the flapping of the others robes, the 
creaking of the harness holding his trunk and the 
cage, the whoosh of the wind in their ears as they 
sped through the air. He had not felt this alive in a 
month, or this happy... 

Bearing south! shouted MadEye. Town ahead! 

They soared right, so that they did not pass directly 
over the glittering spiderweb of lights below. 

Bear southeast and keep climbing, theres some low 
cloud ahead we can lose ourselves in! called Moody. 

Were not going through clouds! shouted Tonks 
angrily. Well get soaked, MadEye! 

Harry was relieved to hear her say this; his hands 
were growing numb on the Firebolts handle. He 
wished he had thought to put on a coat; he was 
starting to shiver. 

They altered their course every now and then 
according to MadEye s instructions. Harrys eyes 
were screwed up against the rush of icy wind that 
was starting to make his ears ache. He could 
remember being this cold on a broom only once 
before, during the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff 
in his third year, which had taken place in a storm. 
The guard around him was circling continuously like 
giant birds of prey. Harry lost track of time. He 
wondered how long they had been flying; it felt like an 
hour at least. 



  73 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Turning southwest! yelled Moody. We want to avoid 
the motorway! 

Harry was now so chilled that he thought longingly 
for a moment of the snug, dry interiors of the cars 
streaming along below, then, even more longingly, of 
traveling by Floo powder; it might be uncomfortable to 
spin around in fireplaces but it was at least warm in 
the flames... Kingsley Shacklebolt swooped around 
him, bald pate and earring gleaming slightly in the 
moonlight... Now Emmeline Vance was on his right, 
her wand out, her head turning left and right . . . then 
she too swooped over him, to be replaced by Sturgis 
Podmore... 

We ought to double back for a bit, just to make sure 
were not being followed! Moody shouted. 

ARE YOU MAD, MADEYE? Tonks screamed from 
the front. Were all frozen to our brooms! If we keep 
going off course were not going to get there until next 
week! Were nearly there now! 

Time to start the descent! came Lupins voice. 
Follow Tonks, Harry! 

Harry followed Tonks into a dive. They were heading 
for the largest collection of lights he had yet seen, a 
huge, sprawling, crisscrossing mass, glittering in lines 
and grids, interspersed with patches of deepest black. 
Lower and lower they flew, until Harry could see 
individual headlights and streetlamps, chimneys, and 
television aerials. He wanted to reach the ground very 
much, though he felt sure that someone would have 
to unfreeze him from his broom. 

Here we go! called Tonks, and a few seconds later 
she had landed. 



  74 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry touched down right behind her and 
dismounted on a patch of unkempt grass in the 
middle of a small square. Tonks was already 
unbuckling Harrys trunk. Shivering, Harry looked 
around. The grimy fronts of the surrounding houses 
were not welcoming; some of them had broken 
windows, glimmering dully in the light from the 
streetlamps, paint was peeling from many of the 
doors, and heaps of rubbish lay outside several sets 
of front steps. 

Where are we? Harry asked, but Lupin said quietly, 
In a minute. 

Moody was rummaging in his cloak, his gnarled 
hands clumsy with cold. 

Got it, he muttered, raising what looked like a silver 
cigarette lighter into the air and clicking it. 

The nearest streetlamp went out with a pop. He 
clicked the unlighter again; the next lamp went out. 
He kept clicking until every lamp in the square was 
extinguished and the only light in the square came 
from curtained windows and the sickle moon 
overhead. 

Borrowed it from Dumbledore, growled Moody, 
pocketing the PutOuter. Thatll take care of any 
Muggles looking out of the window, see? Now, come 
on, quick. 

He took Harry by the arm and led him from the patch 
of grass, across the road, and onto the pavement. 
Lupin and Tonks followed, carrying Harrys trunk 
between them, the rest of the guard, all with their 
wands out, flanking them. 



  75 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The muffled pounding of a stereo was coming from an 
upper window in the nearest house. A pungent smell 
of rotting rubbish came from the pile of bulging bin 
bags just inside the broken gate. 

Here, Moody muttered, thrusting a piece of 
parchment toward Harrys Disillusioned hand and 
holding his lit wand close to it, so as to illuminate the 
writing. Read quickly and memorize. 

Harry looked down at the piece of paper. The narrow 
handwriting was vaguely familiar. It said: 

The headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may he 
found at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, London. 



  76 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






NUMBER TWELVE, GRIMMAULD 
PLACE 

Whats the Order of the  ? Harry began. 

Not here, boy! snarled Moody. Wait till were 
inside! 

He pulled the piece of parchment out of Harrys hand 
and set fire to it with his wand tip. As the message 
curled into flames and floated to the ground, Harry 
looked around at the houses again. They were 
standing outside number eleven; he looked to the left 
and saw number ten; to the right, however, was 
number thirteen. 

But wheres  ? 

Think about what youve just memorized, said Lupin 
quietly. 

Harry thought, and no sooner had he reached the 
part about number twelve, Grimmauld Place, than a 



  77 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



battered door emerged out of nowhere between 
numbers eleven and thirteen, followed swiftly by dirty 
walls and grimy windows. It was as though an extra 
house had inflated, pushing those on either side out 
of its way. Harry gaped at it. The stereo in number 
eleven thudded on. Apparently the Muggles inside 
hadnt even felt anything. 

Come on, hurry, growled Moody, prodding Harry in 
the back. 

Harry walked up the worn stone steps, staring at the 
newly materialized door. Its black paint was shabby 
and scratched. The silver door knocker was in the 
form of a twisted serpent. There was no keyhole or 
letterbox. 

Lupin pulled out his wand and tapped the door once. 
Harry heard many loud, metallic clicks and what 
sounded like the clatter of a chain. The door creaked 
open. 

Get in quick, Harry, Lupin whispered. But dont go 
far inside and dont touch anything. 

Harry stepped over the threshold into the almost total 
darkness of the hall. He could smell damp, dust, and 
a sweetish, rotting smell; the place had the feeling of 
a derelict building. He looked over his shoulder and 
saw the others filing in behind him, Lupin and Tonks 
carrying his trunk and Hedwigs cage. Moody was 
standing on the top step and releasing the balls of 
light the PutOuter had stolen from the streetlamps; 
they flew back to their bulbs and the square beyond 
glowed momentarily with orange light before Moody 
limped inside and closed the front door, so that the 
darkness in the hall became complete. 

Here   

  78 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




He rapped Harry hard over the head with his wand; 
Harry felt as though something hot was trickling 
down his back this time and knew that the 
Disillusionment Charm must have lifted. 

Now stay still, everyone, while I give us a bit of light 
in here, Moody whispered. 

The others hushed voices were giving Harry an odd 
feeling of foreboding; it was as though they had just 
entered the house of a dying person. He heard a soft 
hissing noise and then oldfashioned gas lamps 
sputtered into life all along the walls, casting a 
flickering insubstantial light over the peeling 
wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy 
hallway, where a cobwebby chandelier glimmered 
overhead and ageblackened portraits hung crooked 
on the walls. Harry heard something scuttling behind 
the baseboard. Both the chandelier and the 
candelabra on a rickety table nearby were shaped like 
serpents. 

There were hurried footsteps and Rons mother, Mrs. 
Weasley, emerged from a door at the far end of the 
hall. She was beaming in welcome as she hurried 
toward them, though Harry noticed that she was 
rather thinner and paler than she had been last time 
he had seen her. 

Oh, Harry, its lovely to see you! she whispered, 
pulling him into a ribcracking hug before holding 
him at arms length and examining him critically. 
Youre looking peaky; you need feeding up, but youll 
have to wait a bit for dinner, Im afraid... 

She turned to the gang of wizards behind him and 
whispered urgently, Hes just arrived, the meetings 
started... 



  79 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The wizards behind Harry all made noises of interest 
and excitement and began filing past Harry toward 
the door through which Mrs. Weasley had just come; 
Harry made to follow Lupin, but Mrs. Weasley held 
him back. 

No, Harry, the meetings only for members of the 
Order. Ron and Hermione are upstairs, you can wait 
with them until the meetings over and then well have 
dinner. And keep your voice down in the hall, she 
added in an urgent whisper. 

Why? 

I dont want to wake anything up. 

What dyou  ? 

Ill explain later, Ive got to hurry, Im supposed to be 
at the meeting  Ill just show you where youre 
sleeping. 

Pressing her finger to her lips, she led him on tiptoes 
past a pair of long, motheaten curtains, behind 
which Harry supposed there must be another door, 
and after skirting a large umbrella stand that looked 
as though it had been made from a severed trolls leg, 
they started up the dark staircase, passing a row of 
shrunken heads mounted on plaques on the wall. A 
closer look showed Harry that the heads belonged to 
houseelves. All of them had the same rather 
snoutlike nose. 

Harrys bewilderment deepened with every step he 
took. What on earth were they doing in a house that 
looked as though it belonged to the Darkest of 
wizards? 

Mrs. Weasley, why  ? 

  80 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ron and Hermione will explain everything, dear, Ive 
really got to dash, Mrs. Weasley whispered 
distractedly. There  they had reached the second 
landing  youre the door on the right. Ill call you 
when its over. 

And she hurried off downstairs again. 

Harry crossed the dingy landing, turned the bedroom 
doorknob, which was shaped like a serpents head, 
and opened the door. 

He caught a brief glimpse of a gloomy highceilinged, 
twinbedded room, then there was a loud twittering 
noise, followed by an even louder shriek, and his 
vision was completely obscured by a large quantity of 
very bushy hair  Hermione had thrown herself onto 
him in a hug that nearly knocked him flat, while 
Rons tiny owl, Pigwidgeon, zoomed excitedly round 
and round their heads. 

HARRY! Ron, hes here, Harrys here! We didnt hear 
you arrive! Oh, how are you? Are you all right? Have 
you been furious with us? I bet you have, I know our 
letters were useless  but we couldnt tell you 
anything, Dumbledore made us swear we wouldnt, 
oh, weve got so much to tell you, and youve got to 
tell us  the dementors! When we heard  and that 
Ministry hearing  its just outrageous, Ive looked it 
all up, they cant expel you, they just cant, theres 
provision in the Decree for the Restriction of 
Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life 
threatening situations   

Let him breathe, Hermione, said Ron, grinning, 
closing the door behind Harry. He seemed to have 
grown several more inches during their month apart, 
making him taller and more gangly looking than ever, 



  81 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




though the long nose, bright red hair, and freckles 
were the same. 

Hermione, still beaming, let go of Harry, but before 
she could say another word there was a soft 
whooshing sound and something white soared from 
the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on 
Harrys shoulder. 

Hedwig! 

The snowy owl clicked her beak and nibbled his ear 
affectionately as Harry stroked her feathers. 

Shes been in a right state, said Ron. Pecked us 
half to death when she brought your last letters, look 
at this   

He showed Harry the index finger of his right hand, 
which sported a halfhealed but clearly deep cut. 

Oh yeah, Harry said. Sorry about that, but I 
wanted answers, you know... 

We wanted to give them to you, mate, said Ron. 
Hermione was going spare, she kept saying youd do 
something stupid if you were stuck all on your own 
without news, but Dumbledore made us   

  swear not to tell me, said Harry. Yeah, 
Hermiones already said. 

The warm glow that had flared inside him at the sight 
of his two best friends was extinguished as something 
icy flooded the pit of his stomach. All of a sudden  
after yearning to see them for a solid month  he felt 
he would rather Ron and Hermione left him alone. 



  82 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was a strained silence in which Harry stroked 
Hedwig automatically, not looking at either of the 
others. 

He seemed to think it was best, said Hermione 
rather breathlessly. Dumbledore, I mean. 

Right, said Harry. He noticed that her hands too 
bore the marks of Hedwigs beak and found that he 
was not at all sorry. 

I think he thought you were safest with the Muggles 
  Ron began. 

Yeah? said Harry, raising his eyebrows. Have either 
of you been attacked by dementors this summer? 

Well, no  but thats why hes had people from the 
Order of the Phoenix tailing you all the time   

Harry felt a great jolt in his guts as though he had 
just missed a step going downstairs. So everyone had 
known he was being followed except him. 

Didnt work that well, though, did it? said Harry, 
doing his utmost to keep his voice even. Had to look 
after myself after all, didnt I? 

He was so angry, said Hermione in an almost 
awestruck voice. Dumbledore. We saw him. When he 
found out Mundungus had left before his shift had 
ended. He was scary. 

Well, Im glad he left, Harry said coldly. If he 
hadnt, I wouldnt have done magic and Dumbledore 
would probably have left me at Privet Drive all 
summer. 



  83 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Arent you ... arent you worried about the Ministry of 
Magic hearing? said Hermione quietly. 

No, Harry lied defiantly. He walked away from them, 
looking around, with Hedwig nestled contentedly on 
his shoulder, but this room was not likely to raise his 
spirits. It was dank and dark. A blank stretch of 
canvas in an ornate picture frame was all that 
relieved the bareness of the peeling walls and as 
Harry passed it he thought he heard someone lurking 
out of sight snigger. 

So whys Dumbledore been so keen to keep me in the 
dark? Harry asked, still trying hard to keep his voice 
casual. Did you  er  bother to ask him at all? 

He glanced up just in time to see them exchanging a 
look that told him he was behaving just as they had 
feared he would. It did nothing to improve his temper. 

We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what was 
going on, said Ron. We did, mate. But hes really 
busy now, weve only seen him twice since we came 
here and he didnt have much time, he just made us 
swear not to tell you important stuff when we wrote, 
he said the owls might be intercepted   

He could stillve kept me informed if hed wanted to, 
Harry said shortly. Youre not telling me he doesnt 
know ways to send messages without owls. 

Hermione glanced at Ron and then said, I thought 
that too. But he didnt want you to know anything. 

Maybe he thinks I cant be trusted, said Harry, 
watching their expressions. 

Dont be thick, said Ron, looking highly 
disconcerted. 

  84 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Or that I cant take care of myself   



Of course he doesnt think that! said Hermione 
anxiously. 

So how come I have to stay at the Dursleys while 
you two get to join in everything thats going on 
here? said Harry, the words tumbling over one 
another in a rush, his voice growing louder with every 
word. How come you two are allowed to know 
everything thats going on  ? 

Were not! Ron interrupted. Mum wont let us near 
the meetings, she says were too young   

But before he knew it, Harry was shouting. 

SO YOU HAVENT BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG 
DEAL! YOUVE STILL BEEN HERE, HAVEN T YOU? 
YOUVE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, IVE BEEN 
STUCK AT THE DURSLEYS FOR A MONTH! AND IVE 
HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWOVE EVER 
MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT  WHO 
SAVED THE SORCERERS STONE? WHO GOT RID 
OF RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM 
THE DEMENTORS? 

Every bitter and resentful thought that Harry had had 
in the past month was pouring out of him; his 
frustration at the lack of news, the hurt that they had 
all been together without him, his fury at being 
followed and not told about it: All the feelings he was 
halfashamed of finally burst their boundaries. 

Hedwig took fright at the noise and soared off on top 
of the wardrobe again; Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm 
and zoomed even faster around their heads. 

WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES 
AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR? WHO 

  85 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE 
FROM HIM? ME! 



Ron was standing there with his mouth halfopen, 
clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to say, 
while Hermione looked on the verge of tears. 

BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHATS GOING ON? 
WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME 
WHATS BEEN HAPPENING? 



Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did   
Hermione began. 



CANTVE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR 
YOUD HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT DUMBLEDORE 
MADE YOU SWEAR   



Well, he did   

FOUR WEEKS IVE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, 
NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND 
OUT WHATS BEEN GOING ON   



We wanted to   

I SUPPOSE YOUVE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, 
HAVENT YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER   

No, honest   

Harry, were really sorry! said Hermione desperately, 
her eyes now sparkling with tears. Youre absolutely 
right, Harry  Id be furious if it was me! 

Harry glared at her, still breathing deeply, then 
turned away from them again, pacing up and down. 
Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the wardrobe. 



  86 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was a long pause, broken only by the mournful 
creak of the floorboards below Harrys feet. 

What is this place anyway? he shot at Ron and 
Hermione. 

Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix, said Ron 
at once. 

Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order 
of the Phoenix  ? 

Its a secret society, said Hermione quickly. 
Dumbledores in charge, he founded it. Its the people 
who fought against YouKnowWho last time. 

Whos in it? said Harry, coming to a halt with his 
hands in his pockets. 

Quite a few people   

  weve met about twenty of them, said Ron, but 
we think there are more... 

Harry glared at them. 

 Well? he demanded, looking from one to the other. 
Er, said Ron. Well what? 

Voldemorti said Harry furiously, and both Ron and 
Hermione winced. Whats happening? Whats he up 
to? Where is he? What are we doing to stop him? 

Weve told you, the Order dont let us in on their 
meetings, said Hermione nervously. So we dont 
know the details  but weve got a general idea   
she added hastily, seeing the look on Harrys face. 



  87 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, 
see, said Ron. Theyre really useful. 



Extendable  ? 

Ears, yeah. Only weve had to stop using them lately 
because Mum found out and went berserk. Fred and 
George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning 
them. But we got a good bit of use out of them before 
Mum realized what was going on. We know some of 
the Order are following known Death Eaters, keeping 
tabs on them, you know   

  some of them are working on recruiting more 
people to the Order   said Hermione. 

  and some of them are standing guard over 
something, said Ron. Theyre always talking about 
guard duty. 

Couldnt have been me, could it? said Harry 
sarcastically. 

Oh yeah, said Ron, with a look of dawning 
comprehension. 

Harry snorted. He walked around the room again, 
looking anywhere but at Ron and Hermione. So what 
have you two been doing, if youre not allowed in 
meetings? he demanded. You said youd been busy. 

We have, said Hermione quickly. Weve been 
decontaminating this house, its been empty for ages 
and stuffs been breeding in here. Weve managed to 
clean out the kitchen, most of the bedrooms, and I 
think were doing the drawing room tomo  AARGH! 

With two loud cracks, Fred and George, Rons elder 
twin brothers, had materialized out of thin air in the 

  88 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




middle of the room. Pigwidgeon twittered more wildly 
than ever and zoomed off to join Hedwig on top of the 
wardrobe. 

Stop doing that! Hermione said weakly to the twins, 
who were as vividly redhaired as Ron, though 
stockier and slightly shorter. 

Hello, Harry, said George, beaming at him. We 
thought we heard your dulcet tones. 

You dont want to bottle up your anger like that, 
Harry, let it all out, said Fred, also beaming. There 
might be a couple of people fifty miles away who 
didnt hear you. 

You two passed your Apparation tests, then? asked 
Harry grumpily. 

With distinction, said Fred, who was holding what 
looked like a piece of very long, fleshcolored string. 

It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer 
to walk down the stairs, said Ron. 

Time is Galleons, little brother, said Fred. Anyway, 
Harry, youre interfering with reception. Extendable 
Ears, he added in response to Harrys raised 
eyebrows, holding up the string, which Harry now 
saw was trailing out onto the landing. Were trying to 
hear whats going on downstairs. 

You want to be careful, said Ron, staring at the ear. 
If Mum sees one of them again ... 

Its worth the risk, thats a major meeting theyre 
having, said Fred. 



  89 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The door opened and a long mane of red hair 
appeared. 

Oh hello, Harry! said Rons younger sister, Ginny, 
brightly. I thought I heard your voice. 

Turning to Fred and George she said, Its no go with 
the Extendable Ears, shes gone and put an 
Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door. 

How dyou know? said George, looking crestfallen. 

Tonks told me how to find out, said Ginny. You just 
chuck stuff at the door and if it cant make contact 
the doors been Imperturbed. Ive been flicking 
Dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they 
just soar away from it, so theres no way the 
Extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap. 

Fred heaved a deep sigh. Shame. I really fancied 
finding out what old Snapes been up to. 

Snape? said Harry quickly. Is he here? 

Yeah, said George, carefully closing the door and 
sitting down on one of the beds; Fred and Ginny 
followed. Giving a report. Top secret. 

Git, said Fred idly. 

Hes on our side now, said Hermione reprovingly. 

Ron snorted. Doesnt stop him being a git. The way 
he looks at us when he sees us... 

Bill doesnt like him either, said Ginny, as though 
that settled the matter. 



  90 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry was not sure his anger had abated yet; but his 
thirst for information was now overcoming his urge to 
keep shouting. He sank onto the bed opposite the 
others. 

Is Bill here? he asked. I thought he was working in 
Egypt. 

He applied for a desk job so he could come home and 
work for the Order, said Fred. He says he misses the 
tombs, but, he smirked, there are compensations... 

What dyou mean? 

Remember old Fleur Delacour? said George. Shes 
got a job at Gringotts to eemprove er Eeenglish   

  and Bills been giving her a lot of private lessons, 
sniggered Fred. 

Charlies in the Order too, said George, but hes 
still in Romania, Dumbledore wants as many foreign 
wizards brought in as possible, so Charlies trying to 
make contacts on his days off. 

Couldnt Percy do that? Harry asked. The last he 
had heard, the third Weasley brother was working in 
the Department of International Magical Cooperation 
at the Ministry of Magic. 

At these words all the Weasleys and Hermione 
exchanged darkly significant looks. 

Whatever you do, dont mention Percy in front of 
Mum and Dad, Ron told Harry in a tense voice. 

Why not? 



  91 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Because every time Percys names mentioned, Dad 
breaks whatever hes holding and Mum starts crying, 
Fred said. 

Its been awful, said Ginny sadly. 

I think were well shut of him, said George with an 
uncharacteristically ugly look on his face. 

Whats happened? Harry said. 

Percy and Dad had a row, said Fred. Ive never seen 
Dad row with anyone like that. Its normally Mum 
who shouts... 

It was the first week back after term ended, said 
Ron. We were about to come and join the Order. 
Percy came home and told us hed been promoted. 

Youre kidding? said Harry. 

Though he knew perfectly well that Percy was highly 
ambitious, Harrys impression was that Percy had not 
made a great success of his first job at the Ministry of 
Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large oversight 
of failing to notice that his boss was being controlled 
by Lord Voldemort (not that the Ministry had believed 
that  they all thought that Mr. Crouch had gone 
mad). 

Yeah, we were all surprised, said George, because 
Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch, there 
was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought 
to have realized Crouch was off his rocker and 
informed a superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left 
him in charge, he wasnt going to complain... 

So how come they promoted him? 



  92 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Thats exactly what we wondered, said Ron, who 
seemed very keen to keep normal conversation going 
now that Harry had stopped yelling. He came home 
really pleased with himself  even more pleased than 
usual if you can imagine that  and told Dad hed 
been offered a position in Fudges own office. A really 
good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts  
Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to 
be all impressed, I think. 

Only Dad wasnt, said Fred grimly. 

Why not? said Harry. 

Well, apparently Fudge has been storming round the 
Ministry checking that nobodys having any contact 
with Dumbledore, said George. 

Dumbledores names mud with the Ministry these 
days, see, said Fred. They all think hes just making 
trouble saying YouKnow Whos back. 

Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone whos 
in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks, 
said George. 

Trouble is, Fudge suspects Dad, he knows hes 
friendly with Dumbledore, and hes always thought 
Dads a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle 
obsession   

But whats this got to do with Percy? asked Harry, 
confused. 

Im coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants 
Percy in his office because he wants to use him to spy 
on the family  and Dumbledore. 



Harry let out a low whistle. 

  93 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Bet Percy loved that. 

Ron laughed in a hollow sort of way. 

He went completely berserk. He said  well, he said 
loads of terrible stuff. He said hes been having to 
struggle against Dads lousy reputation ever since he 
joined the Ministry and that Dads got no ambition 
and thats why weve always been  you know  not 
had a lot of money, I mean   

 What? said Harry in disbelief, as Ginny made a 
noise like an angry cat. 

I know, said Ron in a low voice. And it got worse. 

He said Dad was an idiot to run around with 
Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big 
trouble and Dad was going to go down with him, and 
that he  Percy  knew where his loyalty lay and it 
was with the Ministry. And if Mum and Dad were 
going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going 
to make sure everyone knew he didnt belong to our 
family anymore. And he packed his bags the same 
night and left. Hes living here in London now. 

Harry swore under his breath. He had always liked 
Percy least of Rons brothers, but he had never 
imagined he would say such things to Mr. Weasley. 

Mums been in a right state, said Ron. You know  
crying and stuff. She came up to London to try and 
talk to Percy but he slammed the door in her face. I 
dunno what he does if he meets Dad at work  
ignores him, I spose. 

But Percy must know Voldemorts back, said Harry 
slowly. Hes not stupid, he must know your mum 
and dad wouldnt risk everything without proof   



  94 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row, said 
Ron, shooting Harry a furtive look. Percy said the 
only evidence was your word and ... I dunno ... he 
didnt think it was good enough. 

Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously, said 
Hermione tartly, and the others all nodded. 

What are you talking about? Harry asked, looking 
around at them all. They were all regarding him 
warily. 

Havent  havent you been getting the Daily 
Prophet? Hermione asked nervously. 

Yeah, I have! said Harry. 

Have you  er  been reading it thoroughly? 
Hermione asked still more anxiously. 

Not cover to cover, said Harry defensively. If they 
were going to report anything about Voldemort it 
would be headline news, wouldnt it! 

The others flinched at the sound of the name. 
Hermione hurried on, Well, youd need to read it 
cover to cover to pick it up, but they  um  they 
mention you a couple of times a week. 

But Id have seen   

Not if youve only been reading the front , you 
wouldnt, said Hermione, shaking her head. Im not 
talking about big articles. They just slip you in, like 
youre a standing joke. 

What dyou  ? 



  95 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Its quite nasty, actually, said Hermione in a voice of 
forced calm. Theyre just building on Ritas stuff. 

But shes not writing for them anymore, is she? 

Oh no, shes kept her promise  not that shes got 
any choice, Hermione added with satisfaction. But 
she laid the foundation for what theyre trying to do 
now. 

Which is what? said Harry impatiently. 

Okay, you know she wrote that you were collapsing 
all over the place and saying your scar was hurting 
and all that? 

Yeah, said Harry, who was not likely to forget Rita 
Skeeters stories about him in a hurry. 

Well, theyre writing about you as though youre this 
deluded, attentionseeking person who thinks hes a 
great tragic hero or something, said Hermione, very 
fast, as though it would be less unpleasant for Harry 
to hear these facts quickly. They keep slipping in 
snide comments about you. If some farfetched story 
appears they say something like a tale worthy of 
Harry Potter and if anyone has a funny accident or 
anything its lets hope he hasnt got a scar on his 
forehead or well be asked to worship him next    

I dont want anyone to worship   Harry began 
hotly. 

I know you dont, said Hermione quickly, looking 
frightened. I know, Harry. But you see what theyre 
doing? They want to turn you into someone nobody 
will believe. Fudge is behind it, Ill bet anything. They 
want wizards on the street to think youre just some 
stupid boy whos a bit of a joke, who tells ridiculous 
  96 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




tall stories because he loves being famous and wants 
to keep it going. 

I didnt ask  I didnt want  Voldemort killed my 
parentsV Harry spluttered. I got famous because he 
murdered my family but couldnt kill me! Who wants 
to be famous for that? Dont they think Id rather itd 
never   

We know, Harry, said Ginny earnestly. 

And of course, they didnt report a word about the 
dementors attacking you, said Hermione. Someones 
told them to keep that quiet. That shouldve been a 
really big story, outofcontrol dementors. They 
havent even reported that you broke the International 
Statute of Secrecy  we thought they would, it would 
tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid 
showoff  we think theyre biding their time until 
youre expelled, then theyre really going to go to town 
 I mean, if youre expelled, obviously, she went on 
hastily, you really shouldnt be, not if they abide by 
their own laws, theres no case against you. 

They were back on the hearing and Harry did not 
want to think about it. He cast around for another 
change of subject, but was saved the necessity of 
finding one by the sound of footsteps coming up the 
stairs. 

Uhoh. 

Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was 
another loud crack and he and George vanished. 
Seconds later, Mrs. Weasley appeared in the bedroom 
doorway. 

The meetings over, you can come down and have 
dinner now, everyones dying to see you, Harry. And 

  97 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




whos left all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen 
door? 



Crookshanks, said Ginny unblushingly. He loves 
playing with them. 

Oh, said Mrs. Weasley, I thought it might have 
been Kreacher, he keeps doing odd things like that. 
Now dont forget to keep your voices down in the hall. 
Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been 
doing? Go and wash them before dinner, please... 

Ginny grimaced at the others and followed her mother 
out of the room, leaving Harry alone with Ron and 
Hermione again. Both of them were watching him 
apprehensively, as though they feared that he would 
start shouting again now that everyone else had gone. 
The sight of them looking so nervous made him feel 
slightly ashamed. 

Look ... he muttered, but Ron shook his head, and 
Hermione said quietly, We knew youd be angry, 
Harry, we really dont blame you, but youve got to 
understand, we did try and persuade Dumbledore   

Yeah, I know, said Harry grudgingly. 

He cast around for a topic to change the subject from 
Dumbledore  the very thought of him made Harrys 
insides burn with anger again. 

Whos Kreacher? he asked. 

The houseelf who lives here, said Ron. Nutter. 
Never met one like him. 

Hermione frowned at Ron. 

Hes not a nutter, Ron   

  98 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




His lifes ambition is to have his head cut off and 
stuck up on a plaque just like his mother, said Ron 
irritably. Is that normal, Hermione? 

Well  well, if he is a bit strange, its not his fault   

Ron rolled his eyes at Harry. 

Hermione still hasnt given up on spew   

Its not spew! said Hermione heatedly. Its the 
Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare, and its 
not just me, Dumbledore says we should be kind to 
Kreacher too   

Yeah, yeah, said Ron. Cmon, Im starving. 

He led the way out of the door and onto the landing, 
but before they could descend the stairs  Hold it! 
Ron breathed, flinging out an arm to stop Harry and 
Hermione walking any farther. Theyre still in the 
hall, we might be able to hear something   

The three of them looked cautiously over the 
banisters. The gloomy hallway below was packed with 
witches and wizards, including all of Harrys guard. 
They were whispering excitedly together. In the very 
center of the group Harry saw the dark, greasyhaired 
head and prominent nose of his least favorite teacher 
at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leaned farther 
over the banisters. He was very interested in what 
Snape was doing for the Order of the Phoenix. . . 

A thin piece of fleshcolored string descended in front 
of Harrys eyes. Looking up he saw Fred and George 
on the landing above, cautiously lowering the 
Extendable Ear toward the dark knot of people below. 
A moment later, however, they began to move toward 
the front door and out of sight. 

  99 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  




Dammit, Harry heard Fred whisper, as he hoisted 
the Extendable Ear back up again. 

They heard the front door open and then close. 

Snape never eats here, Ron told Harry quietly. 
Thank God. Cmon. 

And dont forget to keep your voice down in the hall, 
Harry, Hermione whispered. 

As they passed the row of houseelf heads on the wall 
they saw Lupin, Mrs. Weasley, and Tonks at the front 
door, magically sealing its many locks and bolts 
behind those who had just left. 

Were eating down in the kitchen, Mrs. Weasley 
whispered, meeting them at the bottom of the stairs. 
Harry, dear, if youll just tiptoe across the hall, its 
through this door here   

CRASH. 

Tonksl cried Mrs. Weasley exasperatedly, turning to 
look behind her. 

Im sorry! wailed Tonks, who was lying flat on the 
floor. Its that stupid umbrella stand, thats the 
second time Ive tripped over   

But the rest of her words were drowned by a horrible, 
earsplitting, bloodcurdling screech. 

The motheaten velvet curtains Harry had passed 
earlier had flown apart, but there was no door behind 
them. For a split second, Harry thought he was 
looking through a window, a window behind which an 
old woman in a black cap was screaming and 
screaming as though she was being tortured  then 
  lOOHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




he realized it was simply a lifesize portrait, but the 
most realistic, and the most unpleasant, he had ever 
seen in his life. 

The old woman was drooling, her eyes were rolling, 
the yellowing skin of her face stretched taut as she 
screamed, and all along the hall behind them, the 
other portraits awoke and began to yell too, so that 
Harry actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and 
clapped his hands over his ears. 

Lupin and Mrs. Weasley darted forward and tried to 
tug the curtains shut over the old woman, but they 
would not close and she screeched louder than ever, 
brandishing clawed hands as though trying to tear at 
their faces. 

Filth! Scum! Byproducts of dirt and vileness! Half 
breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this place! How 
dare you befoul the house of my fathers   

Tonks apologized over and over again, at the same 
time dragging the huge, heavy trolls leg back off the 
floor. Mrs. Weasley abandoned the attempt to close 
the curtains and hurried up and down the hall, 
Stunning all the other portraits with her wand. Then 
a man with long black hair came charging out of a 
door facing Harry. 

Shut up, you horrible old hag, shut UP! he roared, 
seizing the curtain Mrs. Weasley had abandoned. 

The old womans face blanched. 

Yooooul she howled, her eyes popping at the sight of 
the man. Blood traitor, abomination, shame of my 
fleshl 



  lOlHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I said  shut  UP! roared the man, and with a 
stupendous effort he and Lupin managed to force the 
curtains closed again. 

The old womans screeches died and an echoing 
silence fell. 

Panting slightly and sweeping his long dark hair out 
of his eyes, Harrys godfather, Sirius, turned to face 
him. 

Hello, Harry, he said grimly, I see youve met my 
mother. 



  102Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




5 




THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX 

Your  ? 

My dear old mum, yeah, said Sirius. Weve been 
trying to get her down for a month but we think she 
put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the 
canvas. Lets get downstairs, quick, before they all 
wake up again. 

But whats a portrait of your mother doing here? 
Harry asked, bewildered, as they went through the 
door from the hall and led the way down a flight of 
narrow stone steps, the others just behind them. 

Hasnt anyone told you? This was my parents 
house, said Sirius. But Im the last Black left, so its 
mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for headquarters 
 about the only useful thing Ive been able to do. 

Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how 
hard and bitter Siriuss voice sounded. He followed 
his godfather to the bottom of the stairs and through 
a door leading into the basement kitchen. 

  103Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall above, a 
cavernous room with rough stone walls. Most of the 
light was coming from a large fire at the far end of the 
room. A haze of pipe smoke hung in the air like battle 
fumes, through which loomed the menacing shapes of 
heavy iron pots and pans hanging from the dark 
ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into the room 
for the meeting and a long wooden table stood in the 
middle of the room, littered with rolls of parchment, 
goblets, empty wine bottles, and a heap of what 
appeared to be rags. Mr. Weasley and his eldest son, 
Bill, were talking quietly with their heads together at 
the end of the table. 

Mrs. Weasley cleared her throat. Her husband, a thin, 
balding, redhaired man, who wore hornrimmed 
glasses, looked around and jumped to his feet. 

Harry! Mr. Weasley said, hurrying forward to greet 
him and shaking his hand vigorously. Good to see 
you! 

Over his shoulder Harry saw Bill, who still wore his 
long hair in a ponytail, hastily rolling up the lengths 
of parchment left on the table. 

Journey all right, Harry? Bill called, trying to gather 
up twelve scrolls at once. MadEye didnt make you 
come via Greenland, then? 

He tried, said Tonks, striding over to help Bill and 
immediately sending a candle toppling onto the last 
piece of parchment. Oh no  sorry   

Here, dear, said Mrs. Weasley, sounding 
exasperated, and she repaired the parchment with a 
wave of her wand: In the flash of light caused by Mrs. 
Weasleys charm, Harry caught a glimpse of what 
looked like the plan of a building. 

  104Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Mrs. Weasley had seen him looking. She snatched the 
plan off the table and stuffed it into Bills heavily 
laden arms. 

This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly 
at the end of meetings, she snapped before sweeping 
off toward an ancient dresser from which she started 
unloading dinner plates. 

Bill took out his wand, muttered Evanescol and the 
scrolls vanished. 

Sit down, Harry, said Sirius. Youve met 
Mundungus, havent you? 

The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a 
prolonged, grunting snore and then jerked awake. 

Somen say m name? Mundungus mumbled 
sleepily. I gree with Sirius... 

He raised a very grubby hand in the air as though 
voting, his droopy, bloodshot eyes unfocused. Ginny 
giggled. 

The meetings over, Dung, said Sirius, as they all sat 
down around him at the table. Harrys arrived. 

Eh? said Mundungus, peering balefully at Harry 
through his matted ginger hair. Blimey, so e as. 

Yeah ... you all right, arry? 

Yeah, said Harry. 

Mundungus fumbled nervously in his pockets, still 
staring at Harry, and pulled out a grimy black pipe. 

He stuck it in his mouth, ignited the end of it with his 
wand, and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing 
clouds of greenish smoke obscured him in seconds. 
  105Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Owe you a pology, grunted a voice from the middle 
of the smelly cloud. 

For the last time, Mundungus, called Mrs. Weasley, 
will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen, 
especially not when were about to eat! 

Ah, said Mundungus. Right. Sorry, Molly. 

The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed 
his pipe back in his pocket, but an acrid smell of 
burning socks lingered. 

And if you want dinner before midnight Ill need a 
hand, Mrs. Weasley said to the room at large. No, 
you can stay where you are, Harry dear, youve had a 
long journey   

What can I do, Molly? said Tonks enthusiastically, 
bounding forward. 

Mrs. Weasley hesitated, looking apprehensive. 

Er  no, its all right, Tonks, you have a rest too, 
youve done enough today   

No, no, I want to help! said Tonks brightly, knocking 
over a chair as she hurried toward the dresser from 
which Ginny was collecting cutlery. 

Soon a series of heavy knives were chopping meat 
and vegetables of their own accord, supervised by Mr. 
Weasley, while Mrs. Weasley stirred a cauldron 
dangling over the fire and the others took out plates, 
more goblets, and food from the pantry. Harry was 
left at the table with Sirius and Mundungus, who was 
still blinking mournfully at him. 

Seen old Figgy since? he asked. 

  106Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, said Harry, I havent seen anyone. 



See, I wouldnt ave left, said Mundungus, leaning 
forward, a pleading note in his voice, but I ad a 
business opportunity   

Harry felt something brush against his knees and 
started, but it was only Crookshanks, Hermiones 
bandylegged ginger cat, who wound himself once 
around Harrys legs, purring, then jumped onto 
Siriuss lap and curled up. Sirius scratched him 
absentmindedly behind the ears as he turned, still 
grimfaced, to Harry. 

Had a good summer so far? 

No, its been lousy, said Harry. 

For the first time, something like a grin flitted across 
Siriuss face. 

Dont know what youre complaining about, myself. 

 What? said Harry incredulously. 

Personally, Id have welcomed a dementor attack. A 
deadly struggle for my soul would have broken the 
monotony nicely. You think youve had it bad, at least 
youve been able to get out and about, stretch your 
legs, get into a few fights... Ive been stuck inside for a 
month. 

How come? asked Harry, frowning. 

Because the Ministry of Magics still after me, and 
Voldemort will know all about me being an Animagus 
by now, Wormtail will have told him, so my big 
disguise is useless. Theres not much I can do for the 
Order of the Phoenix ... or so Dumbledore feels. 

  107Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was something about the slightly flattened tone 
of voice in which Sirius uttered Dumbledores name 
that told Harry that Sirius was not very happy with 
the headmaster either. Harry felt a sudden upsurge of 
affection for his godfather. 

At least youve known whats been going on, he said 
bracingly. 

Oh yeah, said Sirius sarcastically. Listening to 
Snapes reports, having to take all his snide hints that 
hes out there risking his life while Im sat on my 
backside here having a nice comfortable time . . . 
asking me how the cleanings going   

What cleaning? asked Harry. 

Trying to make this place fit for human habitation, 
said Sirius, waving a hand around the dismal 
kitchen. No ones lived here for ten years, not since 
my dear mother died, unless you count her old 
houseelf, and hes gone round the twist, hasnt 
cleaned anything in ages   

Sirius? said Mundungus, who did not appear to 
have paid any attention to this conversation, but had 
been minutely examining an empty goblet. This solid 
silver, mate? 

Yes, said Sirius, surveying it with distaste. Finest 
fifteenthcentury goblinwrought silver, embossed 
with the Black family crest. 

Thatd come off, though, muttered Mundungus, 
polishing it with his cuff. 

Fred  George  NO, JUST CARRY THEM! Mrs. 
Weasley shrieked. 



  108Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry, Sirius, and Mundungus looked around and, a 
split second later, dived away from the table. Fred 
and George had bewitched a large cauldron of stew, 
an iron flagon of butterbeer, and a heavy wooden 
breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through 
the air toward them. The stew skidded the length of 
the table and came to a halt just before the end, 
leaving a long black burn on the wooden surface, the 
flagon of butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling its 
contents everywhere, and the bread knife slipped off 
the board and landed, point down and quivering 
ominously, exactly where Siriuss right hand had 
been seconds before. 

FOR HEAVENS SAKE! screamed Mrs. Weasley. 
THERE WAS NO NEED  IVE HAD ENOUGH OF 
THIS  JUST BECAUSE YOURE ALLOWED TO USE 
MAGIC NOW YOU DONT HAVE TO WHIP YOUR 
WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING! 

We were just trying to save a bit of time! said Fred, 
hurrying forward and wrenching the bread knife out 
of the table. Sorry Sirius, mate  didnt mean to   

Harry and Sirius were both laughing. Mundungus, 
who had toppled backward off his chair, was swearing 
as he got to his feet. Crookshanks had given an angry 
hiss and shot off under the dresser, from whence his 
large yellow eyes glowed in the darkness. 

Boys, Mr. Weasley said, lifting the stew back into 
the middle of the table, your mothers right, youre 
supposed to show a sense of responsibility now youve 
come of age   

  none of your brothers caused this sort of trouble! 
Mrs. Weasley raged at the twins, slamming a fresh 
flagon of butterbeer onto the table and spilling almost 
as much again. Bill didnt feel the need to Apparate 

  109Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




every few feet! Charlie didnt Charm everything he 
met! Percy   

She stopped dead, catching her breath with a 
frightened look at her husband, whose expression 
was suddenly wooden. 

Lets eat, said Bill quickly. 

It looks wonderful, Molly, said Lupin, ladling stew 
onto a plate for her and handing it across the table. 

For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink 
of plates and cutlery and the scraping of chairs as 
everyone settled down to their food. Then Mrs. 

Weasley turned to Sirius and said, Ive been meaning 
to tell you, theres something trapped in that writing 
desk in the drawing room, it keeps rattling and 
shaking. Of course, it could just be a boggart, but I 
thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it 
before we let it out. 

Whatever you like, said Sirius indifferently. 

The curtains in there are full of doxies too, Mrs. 
Weasley went on. I thought we might try and tackle 
them tomorrow. 

I look forward to it, said Sirius. Harry heard the 
sarcasm in his voice, but he was not sure that anyone 
else did. 

Opposite Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione 
and Ginny by transforming her nose between 
mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the 
same pained expression she had worn back in Harrys 
bedroom, her nose swelled to a beaklike protuberance 
like Snapes, shrank to something resembling a 
button mushroom, and then sprouted a great deal of 
  llOHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hair from each nostril. Apparently this was a regular 
mealtime entertainment, because after a while 
Hermione and Ginny started requesting their favorite 
noses. 

Do that one like a pig snout, Tonks ... 

Tonks obliged, and Harry, looking up, had the fleeting 
impression that a female Dudley was grinning at him 
from across the table. 

Mr. Weasley, Bill, and Lupin were having an intense 
discussion about goblins. 

Theyre not giving anything away yet, said Bill. I 
still cant work out whether they believe hes back or 
not. Course, they might prefer not to take sides at all. 
Keep out of it. 

Im sure theyd never go over to YouKnowWho, 
said Mr. Weasley, shaking his head. Theyve suffered 
losses too. Remember that goblin family he murdered 
last time, somewhere near Nottingham? 

I think it depends what theyre offered, said Lupin. 
And Im not talking about gold; if theyre offered 
freedoms weve been denying them for centuries 
theyre going to be tempted. Have you still not had 
any luck with Ragnok, Bill? 

Hes feeling pretty antiwizard at the moment, said 
Bill. He hasnt stopped raging about the Bagman 
business, he reckons the Ministry did a coverup, 
those goblins never got their gold from him, you know 



A gale of laughter from the middle of the table 
drowned the rest of Bills words. Fred, George, Ron, 
and Mundungus were rolling around in their seats. 

  lllHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




"... and then, choked Mundungus, tears running 
down his face, and then, if youll believe it, e says to 
me, e says, ere, Dung, where didja get all them toads 
from? Cos some son of a Bludgers gone and nicked 
all mine! And I says, Nicked all your toads, Will, 
what next? So youll be wanting some more, then? 
And if youll believe me, lads, the gormless gargoyle 
buys all is own toads back orf me for twice what e 
paid in the first place   

I dont think we need to hear any more of your 
business dealings, thank you very much, 
Mundungus, said Mrs. Weasley sharply, as Ron 
slumped forward onto the table, howling with 
laughter. 

Beg pardon, Molly, said Mundungus at once, wiping 
his eyes and winking at Harry. But, you know, Will 
nicked em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I 
wasnt really doing nothing wrong   

I dont know where you learned about right and 
wrong, Mundungus, but you seem to have missed a 
few crucial lessons, said Mrs. Weasley coldly. 

Fred and George buried their faces in their goblets of 
butterbeer; George was hiccuping. For some reason, 
Mrs. Weasley threw a very nasty look at Sirius before 
getting to her feet and going to fetch a large rhubarb 
crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at his 
godfather. 

Molly doesnt approve of Mundungus, said Sirius in 
an undertone. 

How come hes in the Order? Harry said very 
quietly. 



  112Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hes useful, Sirius muttered. Knows all the crooks 
 well, he would, seeing as hes one himself. But hes 
also very loyal to Dumbledore, who helped him out of 
a tight spot once. It pays to have someone like Dung 
around, he hears things we dont. But Molly thinks 
inviting him to stay for dinner is going too far. She 
hasnt forgiven him for slipping off duty when he was 
supposed to be tailing you. 

Three helpings of rhubarb crumble and custard later 
and the waistband on Harrys jeans was feeling 
uncomfortably tight (which was saying something, as 
the jeans had once been Dudleys). He lay down his 
spoon in a lull in the general conversation. Mr. 
Weasley was leaning back in his chair, looking replete 
and relaxed, Tonks was yawning widely, her nose now 
back to normal, and Ginny, who had lured 
Crookshanks out from under the dresser, was sitting 
crosslegged on the floor, rolling butterbeer corks for 
him to chase. 

Nearly time for bed, I think, said Mrs. Weasley on a 
yawn. 

Not just yet, Molly, said Sirius, pushing away his 
empty plate and turning to look at Harry. You know, 
Im surprised at you. I thought the first thing youd do 
when you got here would be to start asking questions 
about Voldemort. 

The atmosphere in the room changed with the 
rapidity Harry associated with the arrival of 
dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily 
relaxed, it was now alert, even tense. A frisson had 
gone around the table at the mention of Voldemorts 
name. Lupin, who had been about to take a sip of 
wine, lowered his goblet slowly, looking wary. 



  113Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I did! said Harry indignantly. I asked Ron and 
Hermione but they said were not allowed in the 
Order, so   

And theyre quite right, said Mrs. Weasley. Youre 
too young. 

She was sitting bolt upright in her chair, her fists 
clenched upon its arms, every trace of drowsiness 
gone. 

Since when did someone have to be in the Order of 
the Phoenix to ask questions? asked Sirius. Harrys 
been trapped in that Muggle house for a month. Hes 
got the right to know whats been happen   

Hang on! interrupted George loudly. 

How come Harry gets his questions answered? said 
Fred angrily. 

 Weve been trying to get stuff out of you for a month 
and you havent told us a single stinking thing! said 
George. 

 Youre too young, youre not in the Order,  said 
Fred, in a highpitched voice that sounded uncannily 
like his mothers. Harrys not even of age! 

Its not my fault you havent been told what the 
Orders doing, said Sirius calmly. Thats your 
parents decision. Harry, on the other hand   

Its not down to you to decide whats good for Harry! 
said Mrs. Weasley sharply. Her normally kindly face 
looked dangerous. You havent forgotten what 
Dumbledore said, I suppose? 



  114Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Which bit? Sirius asked politely, but with an air as 
though readying himself for a fight. 

The bit about not telling Harry more than he needs 
to know, said Mrs. Weasley, placing a heavy 
emphasis on the last three words. 

Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Georges heads turned from 
Sirius to Mrs. Weasley as though following a tennis 
rally. Ginny was kneeling amid a pile of abandoned 
butterbeer corks, watching the conversation with her 
mouth slightly open. Lupins eyes were fixed on 
Sirius. 

I dont intend to tell him more than he needs to 
know, Molly, said Sirius. But as he was the one who 
saw Voldemort come back (again, there was a 
collective shudder around the table at the name), he 
has more right than most to   

Hes not a member of the Order of the Phoenix! said 
Mrs. Weasley. Hes only fifteen and   

  and hes dealt with as much as most in the 
Order, said Sirius, and more than some   

No ones denying what hes done! said Mrs. Weasley, 
her voice rising, her fists trembling on the arms of her 
chair. But hes still   

Hes not a child! said Sirius impatiently. 

Hes not an adult either! said Mrs. Weasley, the 
color rising in her cheeks. Hes not James, Sirius! 

Im perfectly clear who he is, thanks, Molly, said 
Sirius coldly. 



  115Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tm not sure you are! said Mrs. Weasley. 

Sometimes, the way you talk about him, its as 
though you think youve got your best friend back! 

Whats wrong with that? said Harry. 

Whats wrong, Harry, is that you are not your father, 
however much you might look like him! said Mrs. 
Weasley, her eyes still boring into Sirius. You are still 
at school and adults responsible for you should not 
forget it! 

Meaning Im an irresponsible godfather? demanded 
Sirius, his voice rising. 

Meaning youve been known to act rashly, Sirius, 
which is why Dumbledore keeps reminding you to 
stay at home and   

Well leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of 
this, if you please! said Sirius loudly. 

Arthur! said Mrs. Weasley, rounding on her 
husband. Arthur, back me up! 

Mr. Weasley did not speak at once. He took off his 
glasses and cleaned them slowly on his robes, not 
looking at his wife. Only when he had replaced them 
carefully on his nose did he say, Dumbledore knows 
the position has changed, Molly. He accepts that 
Harry will have to be filled in to a certain extent now 
that he is staying at headquarters   

Yes, but theres a difference between that and 
inviting him to ask whatever he likes! 

Personally, said Lupin quietly, looking away from 
Sirius at last, as Mrs. Weasley turned quickly to him, 
hopeful that finally she was about to get an ally, I 

  116Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




think it better that Harry gets the facts  not all the 
facts, Molly, but the general picture  from us, rather 
than a garbled version from ... others. 

His expression was mild, but Harry felt sure that 
Lupin, at least, knew that some Extendable Ears had 
survived Mrs. Weasleys purge. 

Well, said Mrs. Weasley, breathing deeply and 
looking around the table for support that did not 
come, well ... I can see Im going to be overruled. Ill 
just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons 
for not wanting Harry to know too much, and 
speaking as someone who has got Harrys best 
interests at heart   

Hes not your son, said Sirius quietly. 

Hes as good as, said Mrs. Weasley fiercely. Who 
else has he got? 

Hes got me! 

Yes, said Mrs. Weasley, her lip curling. The thing 
is, its been rather difficult for you to look after him 
while youve been locked up in Azkaban, hasnt it? 

Sirius started to rise from his chair. 

Molly, youre not the only person at this table who 
cares about Harry, said Lupin sharply. Sirius, sit 
down. 

Mrs. Weasleys lower lip was trembling. Sirius sank 
slowly back into his chair, his face white. 

I think Harry ought to be allowed a say in this, 

Lupin continued. Hes old enough to decide for 
himself. 

  117Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I want to know whats been going on, Harry said at 
once. 

He did not look at Mrs. Weasley. He had been touched 
by what she had said about his being as good as a 
son, but he was also impatient at her mollycoddling. . . 
Sirius was right, he was not a child. 

Very well, said Mrs. Weasley, her voice cracking. 
Ginny  Ron  Hermione  Fred  George  I 
want you out of this kitchen, now. 

There was instant uproar. 

Were of age! Fred and George bellowed together. 

If Harrys allowed, why cant I? shouted Ron. 

Mum, I want to! wailed Ginny. 

NO! shouted Mrs. Weasley, standing up, her eyes 
overbright. I absolutely forbid   

Molly, you cant stop Fred and George, said Mr. 
Weasley wearily. They are of age   

Theyre still at school   

But theyre legally adults now, said Mr. Weasley in 
the same tired voice. 

Mrs. Weasley was now scarlet in the face. 

I  oh, all right then, Fred and George can stay, but 
Ron   

Harryll tell me and Hermione everything you say 
anyway! said Ron hotly. Wont  wont you? he 
added uncertainly, meeting Harrys eyes. 

  118Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




For a split second, Harry considered telling Ron that 
he wouldnt tell him a single word, that he could try a 
taste of being kept in the dark and see how he liked 
it. But the nasty impulse vanished as they looked at 
each other. 

 Course I will, Harry said. Ron and Hermione 
beamed. 

Fine! shouted Mrs. Weasley. Fine! Ginny  BED! 

Ginny did not go quietly. They could hear her raging 
and storming at her mother all the way up the stairs, 
and when she reached the hall Mrs. Blacks 
earsplitting shrieks were added to the din. Lupin 
hurried off to the portrait to restore calm. It was only 
after he had returned, closing the kitchen door 
behind him and taking his seat at the table again, 
that Sirius spoke. 

Okay, Harry ... what do you want to know? 

Harry took a deep breath and asked the question that 
had been obsessing him for a month. 

Wheres Voldemort? Whats he doing? Ive been trying 
to watch the Muggle news, he said, ignoring the 
renewed shudders and winces at the name, and 
there hasnt been anything that looks like him yet, no 
funny deaths or anything   

Thats because there havent been any suspicious 
deaths yet, said Sirius, not as far as we know, 
anyway... And we know quite a lot. 

More than he thinks we do anyway, said Lupin. 



  119Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




How come hes stopped killing people? Harry asked. 
He knew that Voldemort had murdered more than 
once in the last year alone. 

Because he doesnt want to draw attention to himself 
at the moment, said Sirius. It would be dangerous 
for him. His comeback didnt come off quite the way 
he wanted it to, you see. He messed it up. 

Or rather, you messed it up for him, said Lupin with 
a satisfied smile. 

How? Harry asked perplexedly. 

You werent supposed to survive! said Sirius. 
Nobody apart from his Death Eaters was supposed to 
know hed come back. But you survived to bear 
witness. 

And the very last person he wanted alerted to his 
return the moment he got back was Dumbledore, 
said Lupin. And you made sure Dumbledore knew at 
once. 

How has that helped? Harry asked. 

Are you kidding? said Bill incredulously. 
Dumbledore was the only one YouKnowWho was 
ever scared of! 

Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the 
Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort 
returned, said Sirius. 

So whats the Order been doing? said Harry, looking 
around at them all. 

Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort 
cant carry out his plans, said Sirius. 

  120Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




How dyou know what his plans are? Harry asked 
quickly. 



Dumbledores got a shrewd idea, said Lupin, and 
Dumbledores shrewd ideas normally turn out to be 
accurate. 

So what does Dumbledore reckon hes planning? 

Well, firstly, he wants to build up his army again, 
said Sirius. In the old days he had huge numbers at 
his command; witches and wizards hed bullied or 
bewitched into following him, his faithful Death 
Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard 
him planning to recruit the giants; well, theyll be just 
one group hes after. Hes certainly not going to try 
and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen 
Death Eaters. 

So youre trying to stop him getting more followers? 
Were doing our best, said Lupin. 

How? 

Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many 
people as possible that YouKnowWho really has 
returned, to put them on their guard, said Bill. Its 
proving tricky, though. 

Why? 

Because of the Ministrys attitude, said Tonks. You 
saw Cornelius Fudge after YouKnowWho came back, 
Harry. Well, he hasnt shifted his position at all. Hes 
absolutely refusing to believe its happened. 

But why? said Harry desperately. Whys he being 
so stupid? If Dumbledore   

  121Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ah, well, youve put your finger on the problem, said 
Mr. Weasley with a wry smile. Dumbledore. 

Fudge is frightened of him, you see, said Tonks 
sadly. 

Frightened of Dumbledore? said Harry 
incredulously. 

Frightened of what hes up to, said Mr. Weasley. 
You see, Fudge thinks Dumbledores plotting to 
overthrow him. He thinks Dumbledore wants to be 
Minister of Magic. 

But Dumbledore doesnt want   

Of course he doesnt, said Mr. Weasley. Hes never 
wanted the Ministers job, even though a lot of people 
wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. 
Fudge came to power instead, but hes never quite 
forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore 
had, even though Dumbledore never applied for the 
job. 

Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledores much 
cleverer than he is, a much more powerful wizard, 
and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever 
asking Dumbledore for help and advice, said Lupin. 
But it seems that hes become fond of power now, 
and much more confident. He loves being Minister of 
Magic, and hes managed to convince himself that 
hes the clever one and Dumbledores simply stirring 
up trouble for the sake of it. 

How can he think that? said Harry angrily. How 
can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up  
that Id make it all up? 



  122Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Because accepting that Voldemorts back would 
mean trouble like the Ministry hasnt had to cope 
with for nearly fourteen years, said Sirius bitterly. 
Fudge just cant bring himself to face it. Its so much 
more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledores 
lying to destabilize him. 

You see the problem, said Lupin. While the 
Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from 
Voldemort, its hard to convince people hes back, 
especially as they really dont want to believe it in the 
first place. Whats more, the Ministrys leaning heavily 
on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what theyre 
calling Dumbledores rumormongering, so most of the 
Wizarding community are completely unaware 
anythings happened, and that makes them easy 
targets for the Death Eaters if theyre using the 
Imperius Curse. 

But youre telling people, arent you? said Harry, 
looking around at Mr. Weasley, Sirius, Bill, 
Mundungus, Lupin, and Tonks. Youre letting people 
know hes back? 

They all smiled humorlessly. 

Well, as everyone thinks Im a mad mass murderer 
and the Ministrys put a tenthousandGalleon price 
on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start 
handing out leaflets, can I? said Sirius restlessly. 

And Im not a very popular dinner guest with most of 
the community, said Lupin. Its an occupational 
hazard of being a werewolf. 

Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the 
Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off, 
said Sirius, and its very important for us to have 



  123Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet 
Voldemort will have them. 

Weve managed to convince a couple of people, 
though, said Mr. Weasley. Tonks here, for one  
shes too young to have been in the Order of the 
Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a 
huge advantage  Kingsley Shacklebolts been a real 
asset too. Hes in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so hes 
been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in 
Tibet. 

But if none of yous putting the news out that 
Voldemort s back   Harry began. 

Who said none of us was putting the news out? said 
Sirius. Why dyou think Dumbledores in such 
trouble? 

What dyou mean? Harry asked. 

Theyre trying to discredit him, said Lupin. Didnt 
you see the Daily Prophet last week? They reported 
that hed been voted out of the Chairmanship of the 
International Confederation of Wizards because hes 
getting old and losing his grip, but its not true, he 
was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a 
speech announcing Voldemorts return. Theyve 
demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot 
 thats the Wizard High Court  and theyre talking 
about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, 
too. 

But Dumbledore says he doesnt care what they do 
as long as they dont take him off the Chocolate Frog 
cards, said Bill, grinning. 

Its no laughing matter, said Mr. Weasley shortly. If 
he carries on defying the Ministry like this, he could 

  124Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




end up in Azkaban and the last thing we want is 
Dumbledore locked up. While YouKnowWho knows 
Dumbledores out there and wise to what hes up to, 
hes going to go cautiously for a while. If 
Dumbledores out of the way  well, YouKnowWho 
will have a clear field. 

But if Voldemorts trying to recruit more Death 
Eaters, its bound to get out that hes come back, isnt 
it? asked Harry desperately. 

Voldemort doesnt march up to peoples houses and 
bang on their front doors, Harry, said Sirius. He 
tricks, jinxes, and blackmails them. Hes well 
practiced at operating in secrecy. In any case, 
gathering followers is only one thing hes interested 
in, hes got other plans too, plans he can put into 
operation very quietly indeed, and hes concentrating 
on them at the moment. 

Whats he after apart from followers? Harry asked 
swiftly. 

He thought he saw Sirius and Lupin exchange the 
most fleeting of looks before Sirius said, Stuff he can 
only get by stealth. 

When Harry continued to look puzzled, Sirius said, 
Like a weapon. Something he didnt have last time. 

When he was powerful before? 

Yes. 

Like what kind of weapon? said Harry. Something 
worse than the Avada Kedavra  ? 

Thats enough. 



  125Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Mrs. Weasley spoke from the shadows beside the 
door. Harry had not noticed her return from taking 
Ginny upstairs. Her arms were crossed and she 
looked furious. 

I want you in bed, now. All of you, she added, 
looking around at Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione. 

You cant boss us   Fred began. 

Watch me, snarled Mrs. Weasley. She was trembling 
slightly as she looked at Sirius. Youve given Harry 
plenty of information. Any more and you might just 
as well induct him into the Order straightaway. 

Why not? said Harry quickly. Ill join, I want to join, 
I want to fight   

No. 

It was not Mrs. Weasley who spoke this time, but 
Lupin. 

The Order is comprised only of overage wizards, he 
said. Wizards who have left school, he added, as 
Fred and George opened their mouths. There are 
dangers involved of which you can have no idea, any 
of you ... I think Mollys right, Sirius. Weve said 
enough. 

Sirius halfshrugged but did not argue. Mrs. Weasley 
beckoned imperiously to her sons and Hermione. One 
by one they stood up and Harry, recognizing defeat, 
followed suit. 



  126Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   







THE NOBLE AND MOST ANCIENT 
HOUSE OF BLACK 

Mrs. Weasley followed them upstairs looking grim. 

I want you all to go straight to bed, no talking, she 
said as they reached the first landing. Weve got a 
busy day tomorrow. I expect Ginnys asleep, she 
added to Hermione, so try not to wake her up. 

Asleep, yeah, right, said Fred in an undertone, after 
Hermione bade them good night and they were 
climbing to the next floor. If Ginnys not lying awake 
waiting for Hermione to tell her everything they said 
downstairs, then Im a flobberworm... 

All right, Ron, Harry, said Mrs. Weasley on the 
second landing, pointing them into their bedroom. 

Off to bed with you. 

 Night, Harry and Ron said to the twins. 

Sleep tight, said Fred, winking. 

  127Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Mrs. Weasley closed the door behind Harry with a 
sharp snap. The bedroom looked, if anything, even 
danker and gloomier than it had on first sight. The 
blank picture on the wall was now breathing very 
slowly and deeply, as though its invisible occupant 
was asleep. Harry put on his pajamas, took off his 
glasses, and climbed into his chilly bed while Ron 
threw Owl Treats up on top of the wardrobe to pacify 
Hedwig and Pigwidgeon, who were clattering around 
and rustling their wings restlessly. 

We cant let them out to hunt every night, Ron 
explained as he pulled on his maroon pajamas. 
Dumbledore doesnt want too many owls swooping 
around the square, thinks itll look suspicious. Oh 
yeah ... I forgot... 

He crossed to the door and bolted it. 

What re you doing that for? 

Kreacher, said Ron as he turned off the light. First 
night I was here he came wandering in at three in the 
morning. Trust me, you dont want to wake up and 
find him prowling around your room. Anyway ... He 
got into his bed, settled down under the covers, then 
turned to look at Harry in the darkness. Harry could 
see his outline by the moonlight filtering in through 
the grimy window. What dyou reckon? 

Harry didnt need to ask what Ron meant. 

Well, they didnt tell us much we couldnt have 
guessed, did they? he said, thinking of all that had 
been said downstairs. I mean, all theyve really said 
is that the Orders trying to stop people joining Vol   

There was a sharp intake of breath from Ron. 



  128Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




  demort said Harry firmly. When are you going to 
start using his name? Sirius and Lupin do. 



Ron ignored this last comment. Yeah, youre right, 
he said. We already knew nearly everything they told 
us, from using the Extendable Ears. The only new bit 
was   

Crack. 

OUCH! 

Keep your voice down, Ron, or Mumll be back up 
here. 

You two just Apparated on my knees! 

Yeah, well, its harder in the dark   

Harry saw the blurred outlines of Fred and George 
leaping down from Rons bed. There was a groan of 
bedsprings and Harrys mattress descended a few 
inches as George sat down near his feet. 

So, got there yet? said George eagerly. 

The weapon Sirius mentioned? said Harry. 

Let slip, more like, said Fred with relish, now sitting 
next to Ron. We didnt hear about that on the old 
Extendables, did we? 

What dyou reckon it is? said Harry. 

Could be anything, said Fred. 

But there cant be anything worse than the Avada 
Kedavra curse, can there? said Ron. Whats worse 
than death? 

  129Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Maybe its something that can kill loads of people at 
once, suggested George. 

Maybe its some particularly painful way of killing 
people, said Ron fearfully. 

Hes got the Cruciatus Curse for causing pain, said 
Harry. He doesnt need anything more efficient than 
that. 

There was a pause and Harry knew that the others, 
like him, were wondering what horrors this weapon 
could perpetrate. 

So who dyou thinks got it now? asked George. 

I hope its our side, said Ron, sounding slightly 
nervous. 

If it is, Dumbledores probably keeping it, said Fred. 

Where? said Ron quickly. Hogwarts? 

Bet it is! said George. Thats where he hid the 
Sorcerers Stone! 

A weapons going to be a lot bigger than the Stone, 
though! said Ron. 

Not necessarily, said Fred. 

Yeah, size is no guarantee of power, said George. 
Look at Ginny. 

What dyou mean? said Harry. 

Youve never been on the receiving end of one of her 
BatBogey Hexes, have you? 



  130Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Shhh! said Fred, halfrising from the bed. Listen! 



They fell silent. Footsteps were coming up the stairs 
again. 

Mum, said George, and without further ado there 
was a loud crack and Harry felt the weight vanish 
from the end of his bed. A few seconds later and they 
heard the floorboard creak outside their door; Mrs. 
Weasley was plainly listening to see whether they 
were talking or not. 

Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hooted dolefully. The 
floorboard creaked again and they heard her heading 
upstairs to check on Fred and George. 

She doesnt trust us at all, you know, said Ron 
regretfully. 

Harry was sure he would not be able to fall asleep; 
the evening had been so packed with things to think 
about that he fully expected to lie awake for hours 
mulling it all over. He wanted to continue talking to 
Ron, but Mrs. Weasley was now creaking back 
downstairs again, and once she had gone he distinctly 
heard others making their way upstairs... In fact, 
manylegged creatures were cantering softly up and 
down outside the bedroom door, and Hagrid, the Care 
of Magical Creatures teacher, was saying, Beauties, 
aren they, eh, Harry? Well be study in weapons this 
term... And Harry saw that the creatures had 
cannons for heads and were wheeling to face him... 

He ducked... 

The next thing he knew, he was curled in a warm ball 
under his bedclothes, and Georges loud voice was 
filling the room. 



  131Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Mum says get up, your breakfast is in the kitchen 
and then she needs you in the drawing room, there 
are loads more doxies than she thought and shes 
found a nest of dead puffskeins under the sofa. 

Half an hour later, Harry and Ron, who had dressed 
and breakfasted quickly, entered the drawing room, a 
long, highceilinged room on the first floor with olive 
green walls covered in dirty tapestries. The carpet 
exhaled little clouds of dust every time someone put 
their foot on it and the long, mossgreen velvet 
curtains were buzzing as though swarming with 
invisible bees. It was around these that Mrs. Weasley, 
Hermione, Ginny, Fred, and George were grouped, all 
looking rather peculiar, as they had tied cloths over 
their noses and mouths. Each of them was also 
holding a large bottle of black liquid with a nozzle at 
the end. 

Cover your faces and take a spray, Mrs. Weasley 
said to Harry and Ron the moment she saw them, 
pointing to two more bottles of black liquid standing 
on a spindlelegged table. Its Doxycide. Ive never 
seen an infestation this bad  what that houseelfs 
been doing for the last ten years   

Hermione s face was half concealed by a tea towel but 
Harry distinctly saw her throw a reproachful look at 
Mrs. Weasley at these words. 

Kreachers really old, he probably couldnt manage  



Youd be surprised what Kreacher can manage when 
he wants to, Hermione, said Sirius, who had just 
entered the room carrying a bloodstained bag of what 
appeared to be dead rats. Ive just been feeding 
Buckbeak, he added, in reply to Harrys inquiring 



  132Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




look. I keep him upstairs in my mothers bedroom. 
Anyway ... this writing desk ... 

He dropped the bag of rats onto an armchair, then 
bent over to examine the locked cabinet which, Harry 
now noticed for the first time, was shaking slightly. 

Well, Molly, Im pretty sure this is a boggart, said 
Sirius, peering through the keyhole, but perhaps we 
ought to let MadEye have a shifty at it before we let it 
out  knowing my mother it could be something 
much worse. 

Right you are, Sirius, said Mrs. Weasley. 

They were both speaking in carefully light, polite 
voices that told Harry quite plainly that neither had 
forgotten their disagreement of the night before. 

A loud, clanging bell sounded from downstairs, 
followed at once by the cacophony of screams and 
wails that had been triggered the previous night by 
Tonks knocking over the umbrella stand. 

I keep telling them not to ring the doorbell! said 
Sirius exasperatedly, hurrying back out of the room. 
They heard him thundering down the stairs as Mrs. 
Blacks screeches echoed up through the house once 
more: Stains of dishonor, filthy halfbreeds, blood 
traitors, children of filth ... 

Close the door, please, Harry, said Mrs. Weasley. 

Harry took as much time as he dared to close the 
drawing room door; he wanted to listen to what was 
going on downstairs. Sirius had obviously managed to 
shut the curtains over his mothers portrait because 
she had stopped screaming. He heard Sirius walking 
down the hall, then the clattering of the chain on the 
  133Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




front door, and then a deep voice he recognized as 
Kingsley Shacklebolts saying, Hestias just relieved 
me, so shes got Moodys cloak now, thought Id leave 
a report for Dumbledore... 

Feeling Mrs. Weasleys eyes on the back of his head, 
Harry regretfully closed the drawing room door and 
rejoined the doxy party. 

Mrs. Weasley was bending over to check the  on 
doxies in Gilderoy Lockharts Guide to Household 
Pests, which was lying open on the sofa. 

Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because doxies 
bite and their teeth are poisonous. Ive got a bottle of 
antidote here, but Id rather nobody needed it. 

She straightened up, positioned herself squarely in 
front of the curtains, and beckoned them all forward. 

When I say the word, start spraying immediately, 
she said. Theyll come flying out at us, I expect, but it 
says on the sprays one good squirt will paralyze them. 
When theyre immobilized, just throw them in this 
bucket. 

She stepped carefully out of their line of fire and 
raised her own spray. All right  squirti 

Harry had been spraying only a few seconds when a 
fully grown doxy came soaring out of a fold in the 
material, shiny beetlelike wings whirring, tiny needle 
sharp teeth bared, its fairylike body covered with 
thick black hair and its four tiny fists clenched with 
fury. Harry caught it full in the face with a blast of 
Doxycide; it froze in midair and fell, with a 
surprisingly loud thunk, onto the worn carpet below. 
Harry picked it up and threw it in the bucket. 



  134Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fred, what are you doing? said Mrs. Weasley 
sharply. Spray that at once and throw it away! 

Harry looked around. Fred was holding a struggling 
doxy between his forefinger and thumb. 

Righto, Fred said brightly, spraying the doxy 
quickly in the face so that it fainted, but the moment 
Mrs. Weasleys back was turned he pocketed it with a 
wink. 

We want to experiment with doxy venom for our 
Skiving Snackboxes, George told Harry under his 
breath. 

Deftly spraying two doxies at once as they soared 
straight for his nose, Harry moved closer to George 
and muttered out of the corner of his mouth, What 
are Skiving Snackboxes? 

Range of sweets to make you ill, George whispered, 
keeping a wary eye on Mrs. Weasleys back. Not 
seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you out of a 
class when you feel like it. Fred and I have been 
developing them this summer. Theyre doubleended, 
colorcoded chews. If you eat the orange half of the 
Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment youve been 
rushed out of the lesson for the hospital wing, you 
swallow the purple half   

   which restores you to full fitness, enabling you to 
pursue the leisure activity of your own choice during 
an hour that would otherwise have been devoted to 
unprofitable boredom. Thats what were putting in 
the adverts, anyway, whispered Fred, who had edged 
over out of Mrs. Weasleys line of vision and was now 
sweeping a few stray doxies from the floor and adding 
them to his pocket. But they still need a bit of work. 
At the moment our testers are having a bit of trouble 
  135Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




stopping puking long enough to swallow the purple 
end. 



Testers? 

Us, said Fred. We take it in turns. George did the 
Fainting Fancies  we both tried the Nosebleed 
Nougat   

Mum thought wed been dueling, said George. 

Joke shop still on, then? Harry muttered, 
pretending to be adjusting the nozzle on his spray. 

Well, we havent had a chance to get premises yet, 
said Fred, dropping his voice even lower as Mrs. 
Weasley mopped her brow with her scarf before 
returning to the attack, so were running it as a mail 
order service at the moment. We put advertisements 
in the Daily Prophet last week. 

All thanks to you, mate, said George. But dont 
worry ... Mum hasnt got a clue. She wont read the 
Daily Prophet anymore, cause of it telling lies about 
you and Dumbledore. 

Harry grinned. He had forced the Weasley twins to 
take the thousandGalleon prize money he had won 
in the Triwizard Tournament to help them realize 
their ambition to open a joke shop, but he was still 
glad to know that his part in furthering their plans 
was unknown to Mrs. Weasley, who did not think that 
running a joke shop was a suitable career for two of 
her sons. 

The dedoxying of the curtains took most of the 
morning. It was past midday when Mrs. Weasley 
finally removed her protective scarf, sank into a 
sagging armchair, and sprang up again with a cry of 

  136Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




disgust, having sat on the bag of dead rats. The 
curtains were no longer buzzing; they hung limp and 
damp from the intensive spraying; unconscious 
doxies lay crammed in the bucket at the foot of them 
beside a bowl of their black eggs, at which 
Crookshanks was now sniffing and Fred and George 
were shooting covetous looks. 

I think well tackle those after lunch. 

Mrs. Weasley pointed at the dusty glassfronted 
cabinets standing on either side of the mantelpiece. 
They were crammed with an odd assortment of 
objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled 
snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes 
inscribed with languages Harry could not understand 
and, least pleasant of all, an ornate crystal bottle with 
a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry 
was quite sure was blood. 

The clanging doorbell rang again. Everyone looked at 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Stay here, she said firmly, snatching up the bag of 
rats as Mrs. Blacks screeches started up again from 
down below. Ill bring up some sandwiches. 

She left the room, closing the door carefully behind 
her. At once, everyone dashed over to the window to 
look down onto the doorstep. They could see the top 
of an unkempt gingery head and a stack of 
precariously balanced cauldrons. 

Mundungus! said Hermione. Whats he brought all 
those cauldrons for? 

Probably looking for a safe place to keep them, said 
Harry. Isnt that what he was doing the night he was 



  137Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




supposed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy 
cauldrons? 



Yeah, youre right! said Fred, as the front door 
opened; Mundungus heaved his cauldrons through it 
and disappeared from view. Blimey, Mum wont like 
that... 

He and George crossed to the door and stood beside 
it, listening intently. Mrs. Blacks screaming had 
stopped again. 

Mundungus is talking to Sirius and Kingsley, Fred 
muttered, frowning with concentration. Cant hear 
properly ... dyou reckon we can risk the Extendable 
Ears? 

Might be worth it, said George. I could sneak 
upstairs and get a pair   

But at that precise moment there was an explosion of 
sound from downstairs that rendered Extendable 
Ears quite unnecessary. All of them could hear 
exactly what Mrs. Weasley was shouting at the top of 
her voice. 

WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN 
GOODS! 

I love hearing Mum shouting at someone else, said 
Fred, with a satisfied smile on his face as he opened 
the door an inch or so to allow Mrs. Weasley s voice to 
permeate the room better. It makes such a nice 
change. 

COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE 
HAVENT GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT 
WITHOUT YOU DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS 
INTO THE HOUSE   

  138Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The idiots are letting her get into her stride, said 
George, shaking his head. Youve got to head her off 
early, otherwise she builds up a head of steam and 
goes on for hours. And shes been dying to have a go 
at Mundungus ever since he sneaked off when he was 
supposed to be following you, Harry  and there goes 
Siriuss mum again   

Mrs. Weasleys voice was lost amid fresh shrieks and 
screams from the portraits in the hall. George made 
to shut the door to drown the noise, but before he 
could do so, a houseelf edged into the room. 

Except for the filthy rag tied like a loincloth around 
its middle, it was completely naked. It looked very old. 
Its skin seemed to be several times too big for it and 
though it was bald like all houseelves, there was a 
quantity of white hair growing out of its large, batlike 
ears. Its eyes were a bloodshot and watery gray, and 
its fleshy nose was large and rather snoutlike. 

The elf took absolutely no notice of Harry and the 
rest. Acting as though it could not see them, it 
shuffled hunchbacked, slowly and doggedly, toward 
the far end of the room, muttering under its breath all 
the while in a hoarse, deep voice like a bullfrogs, "... 
Smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but shes 
no better, nasty old blood traitor with her brats 
messing up my Mistresss house, oh my poor 
Mistress, if she knew, if she knew the scum theyve let 
in her house, what would she say to old Kreacher, oh 
the shame of it, Mudbloods and werewolves and 
traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can he 
do... 

Hello, Kreacher, said Fred very loudly, closing the 
door with a snap. 



  139Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The houseelf froze in his tracks, stopped muttering, 
and then gave a very pronounced and very 
unconvincing start of surprise. 

Kreacher did not see Young Master, he said, turning 
around and bowing to Fred. Still facing the carpet, he 
added, perfectly audibly, Nasty little brat of a blood 
traitor it is. 

Sorry? said George. Didnt catch that last bit. 

Kreacher said nothing, said the elf, with a second 
bow to George, adding in a clear undertone, and 
theres its twin, unnatural little beasts they are. 

Harry didnt know whether to laugh or not. The elf 
straightened up, eyeing them all very malevolently, 
and apparently convinced that they could not hear 
him as he continued to mutter. 

"... and theres the Mudblood, standing there bold as 
brass, oh if my Mistress knew, oh how shed cry, and 
theres a new boy, Kreacher doesnt know his name, 
what is he doing here, Kreacher doesnt know ... 

This is Harry, Kreacher, said Hermione tentatively. 
Harry Potter. 

Kreachers pale eyes widened and he muttered faster 
and more furiously than ever. 

The Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though she 
is my friend, if Kreachers Mistress saw him in such 
company, oh what would she say   

Dont call her a Mudblood! said Ron and Ginny 
together, very angrily. 



  140Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It doesnt matter, Hermione whispered, hes not in 
his right mind, he doesnt know what hes   

Dont kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what 
hes saying, said Fred, eyeing Kreacher with great 
dislike. 

Kreacher was still muttering, his eyes on Harry. 

Is it true? Is it Harry Potter? Kreacher can see the 
scar, it must be true, thats that boy who stopped the 
Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how he did it   

Dont we all, Kreacher? said Fred. 

What do you want anyway? George asked. 

Kreacher s huge eyes darted onto George. 

Kreacher is cleaning, he said evasively. 

A likely story, said a voice behind Harry. 

Sirius had come back; he was glowering at the elf 
from the doorway. The noise in the hall had abated; 
perhaps Mrs. Weasley and Mundungus had moved 
their argument down into the kitchen. At the sight of 
Sirius, Kreacher flung himself into a ridiculously low 
bow that flattened his snoutlike nose on the floor. 

Stand up straight, said Sirius impatiently. Now, 
what are you up to? 

Kreacher is cleaning, the elf repeated. Kreacher 
lives to serve the noble house of Black   

  and its getting blacker every day, its filthy, said 
Sirius. 



  141Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Master always liked his little joke, said Kreacher, 
bowing again, and continuing in an undertone, 
Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke his 
mothers heart   

My mother didnt have a heart, Kreacher, Sirius 
snapped. She kept herself alive out of pure spite. 

Kreacher bowed again and said, Whatever Master 
says, then muttered furiously, Master is not fit to 
wipe slime from his mothers boots, oh my poor 
Mistress, what would she say if she saw Kreacher 
serving him, how she hated him, what a 
disappointment he was   

I asked you what you were up to, said Sirius coldly. 
Every time you show up pretending to be cleaning, 
you sneak something off to your room so we cant 
throw it out. 

Kreacher would never move anything from its proper 
place in Masters house, said the elf, then muttered 
very fast, Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if 
the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries its been 
in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not 
let Master and the blood traitors and the brats 
destroy it   

I thought it might be that, said Sirius, casting a 
disdainful look at the opposite wall. Shell have put 
another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it, 

I dont doubt, but if I can get rid of it I certainly will. 
Now go away, Kreacher. 

It seemed that Kreacher did not dare disobey a direct 
order; nevertheless, the look he gave Sirius as he 
shuffled out past him was redolent of deepest loathing 
and he muttered all the way out of the room. 



  142Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




  comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher 
around, oh my poor Mistress, what would she say if 
she saw the house now, scum living in it, her 
treasures thrown out, she swore he was no son of 
hers and hes back, they say hes a murderer too   

Keep muttering and I will be a murderer! said Sirius 
irritably, and he slammed the door shut on the elf. 

Sirius, hes not right in the head, said Hermione 
pleadingly, I dont think he realizes we can hear 
him. 

Hes been alone too long, said Sirius, taking mad 
orders from my mothers portrait and talking to 
himself, but he was always a foul little   

If you just set him free, said Hermione hopefully, 
maybe   

We cant set him free, he knows too much about the 
Order, said Sirius curtly. And anyway, the shock 
would kill him. You suggest to him that he leaves this 
house, see how he takes it. 

Sirius walked across the room, where the tapestry 
Kreacher had been trying to protect hung the length 
of the wall. Harry and the others followed. 

The tapestry looked immensely old; it was faded and 
looked as though doxies had gnawed it in places; 
nevertheless, the golden thread with which it was 
embroidered still glinted brightly enough to show 
them a sprawling family tree dating back (as far as 
Harry could tell) to the Middle Ages. Large words at 
the very top of the tapestry read: 

THE NOBLE AND MOST ANCIENT HOUSE OF BLACK 



  143Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




TOUJOURS PUR 



Youre not on here! said Harry, after scanning the 
bottom of the tree. 

I used to be there, said Sirius, pointing at a small, 
round, charred hole in the tapestry, rather like a 
cigarette burn. My sweet old mother blasted me off 
after I ran away from home  Kreachers quite fond of 
muttering the story under his breath. 

You ran away from home? 

When I was about sixteen, said Sirius. Id had 
enough. 

Where did you go? asked Harry, staring at him. 

Your dads place, said Sirius. Your grandparents 
were really good about it; they sort of adopted me as a 
second son. Yeah, I camped out at your dads during 
the school holidays, and then when I was seventeen I 
got a place of my own, my Uncle Alphard had left me 
a decent bit of gold  hes been wiped off here too, 
thats probably why  anyway, after that I looked 
after myself. I was always welcome at Mr. and Mrs. 
Potters for Sunday lunch, though. 

But . . . why did you ... ? 

Leave? Sirius smiled bitterly and ran a hand 
through his long, unkempt hair. Because I hated the 
whole lot of them: my parents, with their pureblood 
mania, convinced that to be a Black made you 
practically royal . . . my idiot brother, soft enough to 
believe them ... thats him. 



  144Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Sirius jabbed a finger at the very bottom of the tree, 
at the name REGULUS BLACK. A date of death (some 
fifteen years previously) followed the date of birth. 

He was younger than me, said Sirius, and a much 
better son, as I was constantly reminded. 

But he died, said Harry. 

Yeah, said Sirius. Stupid idiot ... he joined the 
Death Eaters. 

Youre kidding! 

Come on, Harry, havent you seen enough of this 
house to tell what kind of wizards my family were? 
said Sirius testily. 

Were  were your parents Death Eaters as well? 

No, no, but believe me, they thought Voldemort had 
the right idea, they were all for the purification of the 
Wizarding race, getting rid of Muggleborns and 
having purebloods in charge. They werent alone 
either, there were quite a few people, before 
Voldemort showed his true colors, who thought he 
had the right idea about things... They got cold feet 
when they saw what he was prepared to do to get 
power, though. But I bet my parents thought Regulus 
was a right little hero for joining up at first. 

Was he killed by an Auror? Harry asked tentatively. 

Oh no, said Sirius. No, he was murdered by 
Voldemort. Or on Voldemorts orders, more likely, I 
doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed 
by Voldemort in person. From what I found out after 
he died, he got in so far, then panicked about what he 
was being asked to do and tried to back out. Well, you 
  145Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




dont just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. Its 
a lifetime of service or death. 

Lunch, said Mrs. Weasleys voice. 

She was holding her wand high in front of her, 
balancing a huge tray loaded with sandwiches and 
cake on its tip. She was very red in the face and still 
looked angry. The others moved over to her, eager for 
some food, but Harry remained with Sirius, who had 
bent closer to the tapestry. 

I havent looked at this for years. Theres Phineas 
Nigellus ... my greatgreatgrandfather, see? Least 
popular headmaster Hogwarts ever had . . . and 
Araminta Meliflua . . . cousin of my mothers . . . tried to 
force through a Ministry Bill to make Mugglehunting 
legal . . . and dear Aunt Elladora . . . she started the 
family tradition of beheading houseelves when they 
got too old to carry tea trays ... of course, anytime the 
family produced someone halfway decent they were 
disowned. I see Tonks isnt on here. Maybe thats why 
Kreacher wont take orders from her  hes supposed 
to do whatever anyone in the family asks him... 

You and Tonks are related? Harry asked, surprised. 

Oh yeah, her mother, Andromeda, was my favorite 
cousin, said Sirius, examining the tapestry carefully. 
No, Andromedas not on here either, look   

He pointed to another small round burn mark 
between two names, Bellatrix and Narcissa. 

Andromedas sisters are still here because they made 
lovely, respectable pureblood marriages, but 
Andromeda married a Muggleborn, Ted Tonks, so   



  146Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Sirius mimed blasting the tapestry with a wand and 
laughed sourly. Harry, however, did not laugh; he was 
too busy staring at the names to the right of 
Andromedas burn mark. A double line of gold 
embroidery linked Narcissa Black with Lucius Malfoy, 
and a single vertical gold line from their names led to 
the name Draco. 

Youre related to the Malfoys! 

The pureblood families are all interrelated, said 
Sirius. If youre only going to let your sons and 
daughters marry purebloods your choice is very 
limited, there are hardly any of us left. Molly and I are 
cousins by marriage and Arthurs something like my 
second cousin once removed. But theres no point 
looking for them on here  if ever a family was a 
bunch of blood traitors its the Weasleys. 

But Harry was now looking at the name to the left of 
Andromedas burn: Bellatrix Black, which was 
connected by a double line to Rodolphus Lestrange. 

Lestrange ... Harry said aloud. The name had 
stirred something in his memory; he knew it from 
somewhere, but for a moment he couldnt think 
where, though it gave him an odd, creeping sensation 
in the pit of his stomach. 

Theyre in Azkaban, said Sirius shortly. 

Harry looked at him curiously. 

Bellatrix and her husband Rodolphus came in with 
Barty Crouch, Junior, said Sirius in the same 
brusque voice. Rodolphus s brother, Rabastan, was 
with them too. 



  147Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And Harry remembered: He had seen Bellatrix 
Lestrange inside Dumbledores Pensieve, the strange 
device in which thoughts and memories could be 
stored: a tall dark woman with heavylidded eyes, 
who had stood at her trial and proclaimed her 
continuing allegiance to Lord Voldemort, her pride 
that she had tried to find him after his downfall and 
her conviction that she would one day be rewarded 
for her loyalty. 

You never said she was your   

Does it matter if shes my cousin? snapped Sirius. 
As far as Im concerned, theyre not my family. Shes 
certainly not my family. I havent seen her since I was 
your age, unless you count a glimpse of her coming in 
to Azkaban. Dyou think Im proud of having relatives 
like her? 

Sorry, said Harry quickly, I didnt mean  I was 
just surprised, thats all   

It doesnt matter, dont apologize, Sirius mumbled at 
once. He turned away from the tapestry, his hands 
deep in his pockets. I dont like being back here, he 
said, staring across the drawing room. I never 
thought Id be stuck in this house again. 

Harry understood completely. He knew how he would 
feel if forced, when he was grown up and thought he 
was free of the place forever, to return and live at 
number four, Privet Drive. 

Its ideal for headquarters, of course, Sirius said. 

My father put every security measure known to 
Wizardkind on it when he lived here. Its Unplottable, 
so Muggles could never come and call  as if theyd 
have wanted to  and now Dumbledores added his 
protection, youd be hard put to find a safer house 
  148Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




anywhere. Dumbledores SecretKeeper for the Order, 
you know  nobody can find headquarters unless he 
tells them personally where it is  that note Moody 
showed you last night, that was from Dumbledore... 
Sirius gave a short, barklike laugh. If my parents 
could see the use it was being put to now ... well, my 
mothers portrait should give you some idea... 

He scowled for a moment, then sighed. 

I wouldnt mind if I could just get out occasionally 
and do something useful. Ive asked Dumbledore 
whether I can escort you to your hearing  as 
Snuffles, obviously  so I can give you a bit of moral 
support, what dyou think? 

Harry felt as though his stomach had sunk through 
the dusty carpet. He had not thought about the 
hearing once since dinner the previous evening; in the 
excitement of being back with the people he liked 
best, of hearing everything that was going on, it had 
completely flown his mind. At Siriuss words, 
however, the crushing sense of dread returned to 
him. He stared at Hermione and the Weasleys, all 
tucking into their sandwiches, and thought how he 
would feel if they went back to Hogwarts without him. 

Dont worry, Sirius said. Harry looked up and 
realized that Sirius had been watching him. Im sure 
theyre going to clear you, theres definitely something 
in the International Statute of Secrecy about being 
allowed to use magic to save your own life. 

But if they do expel me, said Harry, quietly, can I 
come back here and live with you? 

Sirius smiled sadly. 

Well see. 

  149Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Id feel a lot better about the hearing if I knew I didnt 
have to go back to the Dursleys, Harry pressed him. 



They must be bad if you prefer this place, said 
Sirius gloomily. 

Hurry up, you two, or there wont be any food left, 
Mrs. Weasley called. 

Sirius heaved another great sigh, cast a dark look at 
the tapestry, and he and Harry went to join the 
others. 

Harry tried his best not to think about the hearing 
while they emptied the glass cabinets that afternoon. 
Fortunately for him, it was a job that required a lot of 
concentration, as many of the objects in there seemed 
very reluctant to leave their dusty shelves. Sirius 
sustained a bad bite from a silver snuffbox; within 
seconds, his bitten hand had developed an 
unpleasant crusty covering like a tough brown glove. 

Its okay, he said, examining the hand with interest 
before tapping it lightly with his wand and restoring 
its skin to normal, must be Wartcap powder in 
there. 

He threw the box aside into the sack where they were 
depositing the debris from the cabinets; Harry saw 
George wrap his own hand carefully in a cloth 
moments later and sneak the box into his already 
doxyfilled pocket. 

They found an unpleasantlooking silver instrument, 
something like a manylegged pair of tweezers, which 
scuttled up Harrys arm like a spider when he picked 
it up, and attempted to puncture his skin; Sirius 
seized it and smashed it with a heavy book entitled 
Natures Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. There was a 
  150Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




musical box that emitted a faintly sinister, tinkling 
tune when wound, and they all found themselves 
becoming curiously weak and sleepy until Ginny had 
the sense to slam the lid shut; also a heavy locket 
that none of them could open, a number of ancient 
seals and, in a dusty box, an Order of Merlin, First 
Class, that had been awarded to Siriuss grandfather 
for Services to the Ministry. 

It means he gave them a load of gold, said Sirius 
contemptuously, throwing the medal into the rubbish 
sack. 

Several times, Kreacher sidled into the room and 
attempted to smuggle things away under his 
loincloth, muttering horrible curses every time they 
caught him at it. When Sirius wrested a large golden 
ring bearing the Black crest from his grip Kreacher 
actually burst into furious tears and left the room 
sobbing under his breath and calling Sirius names 
Harry had never heard before. 

It was my fathers, said Sirius, throwing the ring 
into the sack. Kreacher wasnt quite as devoted to 
him as to my mother, but I still caught him snogging 
a pair of my fathers old trousers last week. 

Mrs. Weasley kept them all working very hard over 
the next few days. The drawing room took three days 
to decontaminate; finally the only undesirable things 
left in it were the tapestry of the Black family tree, 
which resisted all their attempts to remove it from the 
wall, and the rattling writing desk; Moody had not 
dropped by headquarters yet, so they could not be 
sure what was inside it. 

They moved from the drawing room to a dining room 
on the ground floor where they found spiders large as 
saucers lurking in the dresser (Ron left the room 

  151Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hurriedly to make a cup of tea and did not return for 
an hour and a half) . The china, which bore the Black 
crest and motto, was all thrown unceremoniously into 
a sack by Sirius, and the same fate met a set of old 
photographs in tarnished silver frames, all of whose 
occupants squealed shrilly as the glass covering them 
smashed. 

Snape might refer to their work as cleaning, but in 
Harrys opinion they were really waging war on the 
house, which was putting up a very good fight, aided 
and abetted by Kreacher. The houseelf kept 
appearing wherever they were congregated, his 
muttering becoming more and more offensive as he 
attempted to remove anything he could from the 
rubbish sacks. Sirius went as far as to threaten him 
with clothes, but Kreacher fixed him with a watery 
stare and said, Master must do as Master wishes, 
before turning away and muttering very loudly, but 
Master will not turn Kreacher away, no, because 
Kreacher knows what they are up to, oh yes, he is 
plotting against the Dark Lord, yes, with these 
Mudbloods and traitors and scum... 

At which Sirius, ignoring Hermiones protests, seized 
Kreacher by the back of his loincloth and threw him 
bodily from the room. 

The doorbell rang several times a day, which was the 
cue for Siriuss mother to start shrieking again, and 
for Harry and the others to attempt to eavesdrop on 
the visitor, though they gleaned very little from the 
brief glimpses and snatches of conversation they were 
able to sneak before Mrs. Weasley recalled them to 
their tasks. Snape flitted in and out of the house 
several times more, though to Harrys relief they never 
came facetoface; he also caught sight of his 
Transfiguration teacher, Professor McGonagall, 



  152Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




looking very odd in a Muggle dress and coat, though 
she also seemed too busy to linger. 

Sometimes, however, the visitors stayed to help; 

Tonks joined them for a memorable afternoon in 
which they found a murderous old ghoul lurking in 
an upstairs toilet, and Lupin, who was staying in the 
house with Sirius but who left it for long periods to do 
mysterious work for the Order, helped them repair a 
grandfather clock that had developed the unpleasant 
habit of shooting heavy bolts at passersby. 
Mundungus redeemed himself slightly in Mrs. 
Weasleys eyes by rescuing Ron from an ancient set of 
purple robes that had tried to strangle him when he 
removed them from their wardrobe. 

Despite the fact that he was still sleeping badly, still 
having dreams about corridors and locked doors that 
made his scar prickle, Harry was managing to have 
fun for the first time all summer. As long as he was 
busy he was happy; when the action abated, however, 
whenever he dropped his guard, or lay exhausted in 
bed watching blurred shadows move across the 
ceiling, the thought of the looming Ministry hearing 
returned to him. Fear jabbed at his insides like 
needles as he wondered what was going to happen to 
him if he was expelled. The idea was so terrible that 
he did not dare voice it aloud, not even to Ron and 
Hermione, who, though he often saw them whispering 
together and casting anxious looks in his direction, 
followed his lead in not mentioning it. Sometimes he 
could not prevent his imagination showing him a 
faceless Ministry official who was snapping his wand 
in two and ordering him back to the Dursleys ... but 
he would not go. He was determined on that. He 
would come back here to Grimmauld Place and live 
with Sirius. 



  153Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He felt as though a brick had dropped into his 
stomach when Mrs. Weasley turned to him during 
dinner on Wednesday evening and said quietly, Ive 
ironed your best clothes for tomorrow morning, 

Harry, and I want you to wash your hair tonight too. 

A good first impression can work wonders. 

Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny all stopped 
talking and looked over at him. Harry nodded and 
tried to keep eating his chops, but his mouth had 
become so dry he could not chew. 

How am I getting there? he asked Mrs. Weasley, 
trying to sound unconcerned. 

Arthurs taking you to work with him, said Mrs. 
Weasley gently. 

Mr. Weasley smiled encouragingly at Harry across the 
table. 

You can wait in my office until its time for the 
hearing, he said. 

Harry looked over at Sirius, but before he could ask 
the question, Mrs. Weasley had answered it. 

Professor Dumbledore doesnt think its a good idea 
for Sirius to go with you, and I must say I   

  think hes quite right, said Sirius through 
clenched teeth. 

Mrs. Weasley pursed her lips. 

When did Dumbledore tell you that? Harry said, 
staring at Sirius. 



  154Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He came last night, when you were in bed, said Mr. 
Weasley. 

Sirius stabbed moodily at a potato with his fork. 
Harry dropped his own eyes to his plate. The thought 
that Dumbledore had been in the house on the eve of 
his hearing and not asked to see him made him feel, 
if that were possible, even worse. 



  155Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




7 




THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC 

Harry awoke at halfpast five the next morning as 
abruptly and completely as if somebody had yelled in 
his ear. For a few moments he lay immobile as the 
prospect of the hearing filled every tiny particle of his 
brain, then, unable to bear it, he leapt out of bed and 
put on his glasses. Mrs. Weasley had laid out his 
freshly laundered jeans and Tshirt at the foot of his 
bed. Harry scrambled into them. The blank picture on 
the wall sniggered again. 

Ron was lying sprawled on his back with his mouth 
wide open, fast asleep. He did not stir as Harry 
crossed the room, stepped out onto the landing, and 
closed the door softly behind him. Trying not to think 
of the next time he would see Ron, when they might 
no longer be fellow students at Hogwarts, Harry 
walked quietly down the stairs, past the heads of 
Kreachers ancestors, and into the kitchen. 

He had expected it to be empty, but it was not. When 
he reached the door he heard the soft rumble of 
voices on the other side and when he pushed it open 

  156Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



he saw Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Sirius, Lupin, and 
Tonks sitting there almost as though they were 
waiting for him. All were fully dressed except Mrs. 
Weasley, who was wearing a quilted, purple dressing 
gown. She leapt to her feet the moment he entered. 

Breakfast, she said as she pulled out her wand and 
hurried over to the fire. 

Mmmorning, Harry, yawned Tonks. Her hair was 
blonde and curly this morning. Sleep all right? 

Yeah, said Harry. 

Ive bbbeen up all night, she said, with another 
shuddering yawn. Come and sit down... 

She drew out a chair, knocking over the one beside it 
in the process. 

What do you want, Harry? Mrs. Weasley called. 
Porridge? Muffins? Kippers? Bacon and eggs? 

Toast? 

Just  just toast, thanks, said Harry. 

Lupin glanced at Harry, then said to Tonks, What 
were you saying about Scrimgeour? 

Oh ... yeah ... well, we need to be a bit more careful, 
hes been asking Kingsley and me funny questions... 

Harry felt vaguely grateful that he was not required to 
join in the conversation. His insides were squirming. 
Mrs. Weasley placed a couple of pieces of toast and 
marmalade in front of him; he tried to eat, but it was 
like chewing carpet. Mrs. Weasley sat down on his 
other side and started fussing with his Tshirt, 



  157Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




tucking in the label and smoothing out creases across 
the shoulders. He wished she wouldnt. 

"... and Ill have to tell Dumbledore I cant do night 
duty tomorrow, Im just tttoo tired, Tonks finished, 
yawning hugely again. 

Ill cover for you, said Mr. Weasley. Im okay, Ive 
got a report to finish anyway... 

Mr. Weasley was not wearing wizards robes but a 
pair of pinstriped trousers and an old bomber jacket. 
He turned from Tonks to Harry. 

How are you feeling? 

Harry shrugged. 

Itll all be over soon, Mr. Weasley said bracingly. In 
a few hours time youll be cleared. 

Harry said nothing. 

The hearings on my floor, in Amelia Bones s office. 
Shes Head of the Department of Magical Law 
Enforcement and shes the one wholl be questioning 
you. 

Amelia Bones is okay, Harry, said Tonks earnestly. 
Shes fair, shell hear you out. 

Harry nodded, still unable to think of anything to say. 

Dont lose your temper, said Sirius abruptly. Be 
polite and stick to the facts. 

Harry nodded again. 



  158Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The laws on your side, said Lupin quietly. Even 
underage wizards are allowed to use magic in life 
threatening situations. 

Something very cold trickled down the back of Harrys 
neck; for a moment he thought someone was putting 
a Disillusionment Charm on him again, then he 
realized that Mrs. Weasley was attacking his hair with 
a wet comb. She pressed hard on the top of his head. 

Doesnt it ever lie flat? she said desperately. 

Harry shook his head. 

Mr. Weasley checked his watch and looked up at 
Harry. 

I think well go now, he said. Were a bit early, but I 
think youll be better off there than hanging around 
here. 

Okay, said Harry automatically, dropping his toast 
and getting to his feet. 

Youll be all right, Harry, said Tonks, patting him on 
the arm. 

Good luck, said Lupin. Im sure it will be fine. 

And if its not, said Sirius grimly, Ill see to Amelia 
Bones for you... 

Harry smiled weakly. Mrs. Weasley hugged him. 

Weve all got our fingers crossed, she said. 

Right, said Harry. Well ... see you later then. 



  159Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He followed Mr. Weasley upstairs and along the hall. 
He could hear Siriuss mother grunting in her sleep 
behind her curtains. Mr. Weasley unbolted the door 
and they stepped out into the cold, gray dawn. 

You dont normally walk to work, do you? Harry 
asked him, as they set off briskly around the square. 

No, I usually Apparate, said Mr. Weasley, but 
obviously you cant, and I think its best we arrive in a 
thoroughly nonmagical fashion . . . makes a better 
impression, given what youre being disciplined for... 

Mr. Weasley kept his hand inside his jacket as they 
walked. Harry knew it was clenched around his wand. 
The rundown streets were almost deserted, but when 
they arrived at the miserable little Underground 
station they found it already full of early morning 
commuters. As ever when he found himself in close 
proximity to Muggles going about their daily business, 
Mr. Weasley was hard put to contain his enthusiasm. 

Simply fabulous, he whispered, indicating the 
automatic ticket machines. Wonderfully ingenious. 

Theyre out of order, said Harry, pointing at the 
sign. 

Yes, but even so ... said Mr. Weasley, beaming 
fondly at them. 

They bought their tickets instead from a sleepy 
looking guard (Harry handled the transaction, as Mr. 
Weasley was not very good with Muggle money) and 
five minutes later they were boarding an Underground 
train that rattled them off toward the center of 
London. Mr. Weasley kept anxiously checking and 
rechecking the Underground map above the windows. 



  160Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Four stops, Harry ... three stops left now ... two 
stops to go, Harry ... 

They got off at a station in the very heart of London, 
swept from the train in a tide of besuited men and 
women carrying briefcases. Up the escalator they 
went, through the ticket barrier (Mr. Weasley 
delighted with the way the stile swallowed his ticket), 
and emerged onto a broad street lined with imposing 
looking buildings, already full of traffic. 

Where are we? said Mr. Weasley blankly, and for 
one heartstopping moment Harry thought they had 
gotten off at the wrong station despite Mr. Weasleys 
continual references to the map; but a second later he 
said, Ah yes ... this way, Harry, and led him down a 
side road. 

Sorry, he said, but I never come by train and it all 
looks rather different from a Muggle perspective. As a 
matter of fact Ive never even used the visitors 
entrance before. 

The farther they walked, the smaller and less 
imposing the buildings became, until finally they 
reached a street that contained several rather 
shabbylooking offices, a pub, and an overflowing 
dumpster. Harry had expected a rather more 
impressive location for the Ministry of Magic. 

Here we are, said Mr. Weasley brightly, pointing at 
an old red telephone box, which was missing several 
panes of glass and stood before a heavily graffittied 
wall. After you, Harry. 

He opened the telephone box door. 

Harry stepped inside, wondering what on earth this 
was about. Mr. Weasley folded himself in beside Harry 

  161Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and closed the door. It was a tight fit; Harry was 
jammed against the telephone apparatus, which was 
hanging crookedly from the wall as though a vandal 
had tried to rip it off. Mr. Weasley reached past Harry 
for the receiver. 

Mr. Weasley, I think this might be out of order too, 
Harry said. 

No, no, Im sure its fine, said Mr. Weasley, holding 
the receiver above his head and peering at the dial. 
Lets see ... six ... he dialed the number, two ... four 
... and another four ... and another two ... 

As the dial whirred smoothly back into place, a cool 
female voice sounded inside the telephone box, not 
from the receiver in Mr. Weasleys hand, but as loudly 
and plainly as though an invisible woman were 
standing right beside them. 

Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your 
name and business. 

Er ... said Mr. Weasley, clearly uncertain whether he 
should talk into the receiver or not; he compromised 
by holding the mouthpiece to his ear, Arthur 
Weasley, Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, here to 
escort Harry Potter, who has been asked to attend a 
disciplinary hearing... 

Thank you, said the cool female voice. Visitor, 
please take the badge and attach it to the front of 
your robes. 

There was a click and a rattle, and Harry saw 
something slide out of the metal chute where 
returned coins usually appeared. He picked it up: It 
was a square silver badge with Harry Potter, 



  162Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Disciplinary Hearing on it. He pinned it to the front of 
his Tshirt as the female voice spoke again. 

Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to 
a search and present your wand for registration at the 
security desk, which is located at the far end of the 
Atrium. 

The floor of the telephone box shuddered. They were 
sinking slowly into the ground. Harry watched 
apprehensively as the pavement rose up past the 
glass windows of the telephone box until darkness 
closed over their heads. Then he could see nothing at 
all; he could only hear a dull grinding noise as the 
telephone box made its way down through the earth. 
After about a minute, though it felt much longer to 
Harry, a chink of golden light illuminated his feet 
and, widening, rose up his body, until it hit him in 
the face and he had to blink to stop his eyes from 
watering. 

The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant day, 
said the womans voice. 

The door of the telephone box sprang open and Mr. 
Weasley stepped out of it, followed by Harry, whose 
mouth had fallen open. 

They were standing at one end of a very long and 
splendid hall with a highly polished, dark wood floor. 
The peacockblue ceiling was inlaid with gleaming 
golden symbols that were continually moving and 
changing like some enormous heavenly notice board. 
The walls on each side were paneled in shiny dark 
wood and had many gilded fireplaces set into them. 
Every few seconds a witch or wizard would emerge 
from one of the lefthand fireplaces with a soft 
whoosh ; on the righthand side, short queues of 



  163Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wizards were forming before each fireplace, waiting to 
depart. 

Halfway down the hall was a fountain. A group of 
golden statues, larger than lifesize, stood in the 
middle of a circular pool. Tallest of them all was a 
noblelooking wizard with his wand pointing straight 
up in the air. Grouped around him were a beautiful 
witch, a centaur, a goblin, and a houseelf. The last 
three were all looking adoringly up at the witch and 
wizard. Glittering jets of water were flying from the 
ends of the two wands, the point of the centaurs 
arrow, the tip of the goblins hat, and each of the 
houseelfs ears, so that the tinkling hiss of falling 
water was added to the pops and cracks of 
Apparators and the clatter of footsteps as hundreds of 
witches and wizards, most of whom were wearing 
glum, earlymorning looks, strode toward a set of 
golden gates at the far end of the hall. 

This way, said Mr. Weasley. 

They joined the throng, wending their way between 
the Ministry workers, some of whom were carrying 
tottering piles of parchment, others battered 
briefcases, still others reading the Daily Prophet as 
they walked. As they passed the fountain Harry saw 
silver Sickles and bronze Knuts glinting up at him 
from the bottom of the pool. A small, smudged sign 
beside it read: 

All proceeds from the Fountain of Magical Brethren will 
be given to 

St. Mungos Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries 

If Im not expelled from Hogwarts, Ill put in ten 
Galleons, Harry found himself thinking desperately. 



  164Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Over here, Harry, said Mr. Weasley, and they 
stepped out of the stream of Ministry employees 
heading for the golden gates, toward a desk on the 
left, over which hung a sign saying SECURITY. A 
badly shaven wizard in peacockblue robes looked up 
as they approached and put down his Daily Prophet. 

Im escorting a visitor, said Mr. Weasley, gesturing 
toward Harry. 

Step over here, said the wizard in a bored voice. 

Harry walked closer to him and the wizard held up a 
long golden rod, thin and flexible as a car aerial, and 
passed it up and down Harrys front and back. 

Wand, grunted the security wizard at Harry, putting 
down the golden instrument and holding out his 
hand. 

Harry produced his wand. The wizard dropped it onto 
a strange brass instrument, which looked something 
like a set of scales with only one dish. It began to 
vibrate. A narrow strip of parchment came speeding 
out of a slit in the base. The wizard tore this off and 
read the writing upon it. 

Eleven inches, phoenixfeather core, been in use four 
years. That correct? 

Yes, said Harry nervously. 

I keep this, said the wizard, impaling the slip of 
parchment on a small brass spike. You get this 
back, he added, thrusting the wand at Harry. 

Thank you. 

Hang on... said the wizard slowly. 

  165Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




His eyes had darted from the silver visitors badge on 
Harrys chest to his forehead. 

Thank you, Eric, said Mr. Weasley firmly, and 
grasping Harry by the shoulder, he steered him away 
from the desk and back into the stream of wizards 
and witches walking through the golden gates. 

Jostled slightly by the crowd, Harry followed Mr. 
Weasley through the gates into the smaller hall 
beyond, where at least twenty lifts stood behind 
wrought golden grilles. Harry and Mr. Weasley joined 
the crowd around one of them. A big, bearded wizard 
holding a large cardboard box stood nearby. The box 
was emitting rasping noises. 

All right, Arthur? said the wizard, nodding at Mr. 
Weasley. 

Whatve you got there, Bob? asked Mr. Weasley, 
looking at the box. 

Were not sure, said the wizard seriously. We 
thought it was a bogstandard chicken until it started 
breathing fire. Looks like a serious breach of the Ban 
on Experimental Breeding to me. 

With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in 
front of them; the golden grille slid back and Harry 
and Mr. Weasley moved inside it with the rest of the 
crowd. Harry found himself jammed against the back 
wall of the lift. Several witches and wizards were 
looking at him curiously; he stared at his feet to avoid 
catching anyones eye, flattening his fringe as he did 
so. The grilles slid shut with a crash and the lift 
ascended slowly, chains rattling all the while, while 
the same cool female voice Harry had heard in the 
telephone box rang out again. 



  166Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Level seven, Department of Magical Games and 
Sports, incorporating the British and Irish Quidditch 
League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club, and 
Ludicrous Patents Office. 

The lift doors opened; Harry glimpsed an untidy 
looking corridor, with various posters of Quidditch 
teams tacked lopsidedly on the walls; one of the 
wizards in the lift, who was carrying an armful of 
broomsticks, extricated himself with difficulty and 
disappeared down the corridor. The doors closed, the 
lift juddered upward again, and the womans voice 
said, Level six, Department of Magical Transport, 
incorporating the Floo Network Authority, Broom 
Regulatory Control, Portkey Office, and Apparation 
Test Center. 

Once again the lift doors opened and four or five 
witches and wizards got out; at the same time, several 
paper airplanes swooped into the lift. Harry stared up 
at them as they flapped idly around above his head; 
they were a pale violet color and he could see 
MINISTRY OF MAGIC stamped along the edges of 
their wings. 

Just Interdepartmental memos, Mr. Weasley 
muttered to him. We used to use owls, but the mess 
was unbelievable ... droppings all over the desks ... 

As they clattered upward again, the memos flapped 
around the swaying lamp in the lifts ceiling. 

Level five, Department of International Magical 
Cooperation, incorporating the International Magical 
Trading Standards Body, the International Magical 
Office of Law, and the International Confederation of 
Wizards, British Seats. 



  167Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




When the doors opened, two of the memos zoomed 
out with a few more witches and wizards, but several 
more memos zoomed in, so that the light from the 
lamp in the ceiling flickered and flashed as they 
darted around it. 

Level four, Department for the Regulation and 
Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, 
Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and 
Pest Advisory Bureau. 

 Scuse, said the wizard carrying the firebreathing 
chicken and he left the lift pursued by a little flock of 
memos. The doors clanged shut yet again. 

Level three, Department of Magical Accidents and 
Catastrophes, including the Accidental Magic 
Reversal Squad, Obliviator Headquarters, and 
MuggleWorthy Excuse Committee. 

Everybody left the lift on this floor except Mr. 

Weasley, Harry, and a witch who was reading an 
extremely long piece of parchment that was trailing 
on the ground. The remaining memos continued to 
soar around the lamp as the lift juddered upward 
again, and then the doors opened and the voice said, 
Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, 
including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror 
Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration 
Services. 

This is us, Harry, said Mr. Weasley, and they 
followed the witch out of the lift into a corridor lined 
with doors. My office is on the other side of the floor. 

Mr. Weasley, said Harry, as they passed a window 
through which sunlight was streaming, arent we 
underground? 



  168Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, we are, said Mr. Weasley, those are enchanted 
windows; Magical Maintenance decide what weather 
were getting every day. We had two months of 
hurricanes last time they were angling for a pay 
raise... Just round here, Harry. 

They turned a corner, walked through a pair of heavy 
oak doors, and emerged in a cluttered, open area 
divided into cubicles, which were buzzing with talk 
and laughter. Memos were zooming in and out of 
cubicles like miniature rockets. A lopsided sign on the 
nearest cubicle read AUROR HEADQUARTERS. 

Harry looked surreptitiously through the doorways as 
they passed. The Aurors had covered their cubicle 
walls with everything from pictures of wanted wizards 
and photographs of their families, to posters of their 
favorite Quidditch teams and articles from the Daily 
Prophet A scarletrobed man with a ponytail longer 
than Bills was sitting with his boots up on his desk, 
dictating a report to his quill. A little farther along, a 
witch with a patch over her eye was talking over the 
top of her cubicle wall to Kingsley Shacklebolt. 

Morning, Weasley, said Kingsley carelessly, as they 
drew nearer. Ive been wanting a word with you, have 
you got a second? 

Yes, if it really is a second, said Mr. Weasley, Im in 
rather a hurry. 

They were talking to each other as though they hardly 
knew each other, and when Harry opened his mouth 
to say hello to Kingsley, Mr. Weasley stood on his 
foot. They followed Kingsley along the row and into 
the very last cubicle. 

Harry received a slight shock; Siriuss face was 
blinking down at him from every direction. Newspaper 

  169Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




cuttings and old photographs  even the one of 
Sirius being best man at the Potters wedding  
papered the walls. The only Siriusfree space was a 
map of the world in which little red pins were glowing 
like jewels. 

Here, said Kingsley brusquely to Mr. Weasley, 
shoving a sheaf of parchment into his hand, I need 
as much information as possible on flying Muggle 
vehicles sighted in the last twelve months. Weve 
received information that Black might still be using 
his old motorcycle. 

Kingsley tipped Harry an enormous wink and added, 
in a whisper, Give him the magazine, he might find it 
interesting. Then he said in normal tones, And dont 
take too long, Weasley, the delay on that firelegs 
report held our investigation up for a month. 

If you had read my report you would know that the 
term is firearms,  said Mr. Weasley coolly. And Im 
afraid youll have to wait for information on 
motorcycles, were extremely busy at the moment. He 
dropped his voice and said, If you can get away 
before seven, Mollys making meatballs. 

He beckoned to Harry and led him out of Kingsleys 
cubicle, through a second set of oak doors, into 
another passage, turned left, marched along another 
corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and distinctly 
shabby corridor, and finally reached a dead end, 
where a door on the left stood ajar, revealing a broom 
cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarnished 
brass plaque reading MISUSE OF MUGGLE 
ARTIFACTS. 

Mr. Weasleys dingy office seemed to be slightly 
smaller than the broom cupboard. Two desks had 
been crammed inside it and there was barely room to 

  170Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




move around them because of all the overflowing 
filing cabinets lining the walls, on top of which were 
tottering piles of files. The little wall space available 
bore witness to Mr. Weasleys obsessions; there were 
several posters of cars, including one of a dismantled 
engine, two illustrations of postboxes he seemed to 
have cut out of Muggle childrens books, and a 
diagram showing how to wire a plug. 

Sitting on top of Mr. Weasleys overflowing intray was 
an old toaster that was hiccuping in a disconsolate 
way and a pair of empty leather gloves that were 
twiddling their thumbs. A photograph of the Weasley 
family stood beside the intray. Harry noticed that 
Percy appeared to have walked out of it. 

We havent got a window, said Mr. Weasley 
apologetically, taking off his bomber jacket and 
placing it on the back of his chair. Weve asked, but 
they dont seem to think we need one. Have a seat, 
Harry, doesnt look as if Perkins is in yet. 

Harry squeezed himself into the chair behind 
Perkinss desk while Mr. Weasley rifled through the 
sheaf of parchment Kingsley Shacklebolt had given 
him. 

Ah, he said, grinning, as he extracted a copy of a 
magazine entitled The Quibbler from its midst, yes 
... He flicked through it. Yes, hes right, Im sure 
Sirius will find that very amusing  oh dear, whats 
this now? 

A memo had just zoomed in through the open door 
and fluttered to rest on top of the hiccuping toaster. 
Mr. Weasley unfolded it and read aloud,  Third 
regurgitating public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, 
kindly investigate immediately.  This is getting 
ridiculous... 

  171Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




A regurgitating toilet? 



AntiMuggle pranksters, said Mr. Weasley, frowning. 
We had two last week, one in Wimbledon, one in 
Elephant and Castle. Muggles are pulling the flush 
and instead of everything disappearing  well, you 
can imagine. The poor things keep calling in those  
those pumbles, I think theyre called  you know, the 
ones who mend pipes and things   

Plumbers? 

  exactly, yes, but of course theyre flummoxed. I 
only hope we can catch whoevers doing it. 

Will it be Aurors who catch them? 

Oh no, this is too trivial for Aurors, itll be the 
ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol  ah, 

Harry, this is Perkins. 

A stooped, timidlooking old wizard with fluffy white 
hair had just entered the room, panting. 

Oh Arthur! he said desperately, without looking at 
Harry. Thank goodness, I didnt know what to do for 
the best, whether to wait here for you or not, Ive just 
sent an owl to your home but youve obviously missed 
it  an urgent message came ten minutes ago   

I know about the regurgitating toilet, said Mr. 
Weasley. 

No, no, its not the toilet, its the Potter boys hearing 
 theyve changed the time and venue  it starts at 
eight oclock now and its down in old Courtroom Ten 



Down in old  but they told me  Merlins beard   

  172Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Mr. Weasley looked at his watch, let out a yelp, and 
leapt from his chair. 

Quick, Harry, we should have been there five 
minutes ago! 

Perkins flattened himself against the filing cabinets as 
Mr. Weasley left the office at a run, Harry on his 
heels. 

Why have they changed the time? Harry said 
breathlessly as they hurtled past the Auror cubicles; 
people poked out their heads and stared as they 
streaked past. Harry felt as though he had left all his 
insides back at Perkinss desk. 

Ive no idea, but thank goodness we got here so early, 
if youd missed it it would have been catastrophic! 

Mr. Weasley skidded to a halt beside the lifts and 
jabbed impatiently at the down button. 

Come ON! 

The lift clattered into view and they hurried inside. 
Every time it stopped Mr. Weasley cursed furiously 
and pummelled the number nine button. 

Those courtrooms havent been used in years, said 
Mr. Weasley angrily. I cant think why theyre doing it 
down there  unless  but no ... 

A plump witch carrying a smoking goblet entered the 
lift at that moment, and Mr. Weasley did not 
elaborate. 

The Atrium, said the cool female voice and the 
golden grilles slid open, showing Harry a distant 
glimpse of the golden statues in the fountain. The 

  173Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




plump witch got out and a sallowskinned wizard with 
a very mournful face got in. 



Morning, Arthur, he said in a sepulchral voice as 
the lift began to descend. Dont often see you down 
here... 

Urgent business, Bode, said Mr. Weasley, who was 
bouncing on the balls of his feet and throwing 
anxious looks over at Harry. 

Ah, yes, said Bode, surveying Harry unblinkingly. 

Of course. 

Harry barely had emotion to spare for Bode, but his 
unfaltering gaze did not make him feel any more 
comfortable. 

Department of Mysteries, said the cool female voice, 
and left it at that. 

Quick, Harry, said Mr. Weasley as the lift doors 
rattled open, and they sped up a corridor that was 
quite different from those above. The walls were bare; 
there were no windows and no doors apart from a 
plain black one set at the very end of the corridor. 
Harry expected them to go through it, but instead Mr. 
Weasley seized him by the arm and dragged him to 
the left, where there was an opening leading to a flight 
of steps. 

Down here, down here, panted Mr. Weasley, taking 
two steps at a time. The lift doesnt even come down 
this far ... why theyre doing it there ... 

They reached the bottom of the steps and ran along 
yet another corridor, which bore a great resemblance 
to that which led to Snapes dungeon at Hogwarts, 
with rough stone walls and torches in brackets. The 

  174Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




doors they passed here were heavy wooden ones with 
iron bolts and keyholes. 

Courtroom ... ten ... I think ... were nearly ... yes. 

Mr. Weasley stumbled to a halt outside a grimy dark 
door with an immense iron lock and slumped against 
the wall, clutching at a stitch in his chest. 

Go on, he panted, pointing his thumb at the door. 
Get in there. 

Arent  arent you coming with  ? 

No, no, Im not allowed. Good luck! 

Harrys heart was beating a violent tattoo against his 
Adams apple. He swallowed hard, turned the heavy 
iron door handle, and stepped inside the courtroom. 



  175Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




8 




THE HEARING 

Harry gasped; he could not help himself. The large 
dungeon he had entered was horribly familiar. He had 
not only seen it before, he had been here before: This 
was the place he had visited inside Dumbledores 
Pensieve, the place where he had watched the 
Lestranges sentenced to life imprisonment in 
Azkaban. 

The walls were made of dark stone, dimly lit by 
torches. Empty benches rose on either side of him, 
but ahead, in the highest benches of all, were many 
shadowy figures. They had been talking in low voices, 
but as the heavy door swung closed behind Harry an 
ominous silence fell. 

A cold male voice rang across the courtroom. 

Youre late. 

Sorry, said Harry nervously. II didnt know the 
time had changed. 



  176Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



That is not the Wizengamots fault, said the voice. 
An owl was sent to you this morning. Take your 
seat. 

Harry dropped his gaze to the chair in the center of 
the room, the arms of which were covered in chains. 
He had seen those chains spring to life and bind 
whoever sat between them. His footsteps echoed 
loudly as he walked across the stone floor. When he 
sat gingerly on the edge of the chair the chains 
clinked rather threateningly but did not bind him. 
Feeling rather sick he looked up at the people seated 
at the bench above. 

There were about fifty of them, all, as far as he could 
see, wearing plumcolored robes with an elaborately 
worked silver W on the lefthand side of the chest and 
all staring down their noses at him, some with very 
austere expressions, others looks of frank curiosity. 

In the very middle of the front row sat Cornelius 
Fudge, the Minister of Magic. Fudge was a portly man 
who often sported a limegreen bowler hat, though 
today he had dispensed with it; he had dispensed too 
with the indulgent smile he had once worn when he 
spoke to Harry. A broad, squarejawed witch with 
very short gray hair sat on Fudges left; she wore a 
monocle and looked forbidding. On Fudges right was 
another witch, but she was sitting so far back on the 
bench that her face was in shadow. 

Very well, said Fudge. The accused being present 
 finally  let us begin. Are you ready? he called 
down the row. 

Yes, sir, said an eager voice Harry knew. Rons 
brother Percy was sitting at the very end of the front 
bench. Harry looked at Percy, expecting some sign of 
recognition from him, but none came. Percys eyes, 

  177Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




behind his hornrimmed glasses, were fixed on his 
parchment, a quill poised in his hand. 



Disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August, said 
Fudge in a ringing voice, and Percy began taking 
notes at once, into offenses committed under the 
Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage 
Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by 
Harry James Potter, resident at number four, Privet 
Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. 

Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister of 
Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department 
of Magical Law Enforcement; Dolores Jane Umbridge, 
Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. Court Scribe, 
Percy Ignatius Weasley   

  Witness for the defense, Albus Percival Wulfric 
Brian Dumbledore, said a quiet voice from behind 
Harry, who turned his head so fast he cricked his 
neck. 

Dumbledore was striding serenely across the room 
wearing long midnightblue robes and a perfectly 
calm expression. His long silver beard and hair 
gleamed in the torchlight as he drew level with Harry 
and looked up at Fudge through the halfmoon 
spectacles that rested halfway down his very crooked 
nose. 

The members of the Wizengamot were muttering. All 
eyes were now on Dumbledore. Some looked annoyed, 
others slightly frightened; two elderly witches in the 
back row, however, raised their hands and waved in 
welcome. 

A powerful emotion had risen in Harrys chest at the 
sight of Dumbledore, a fortified, hopeful feeling rather 
like that which phoenix song gave him. He wanted to 

  178Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




catch Dumbledores eye, but Dumbledore was not 
looking his way; he was continuing to look up at the 
obviously flustered Fudge. 

Ah, said Fudge, who looked thoroughly 
disconcerted. Dumbledore. Yes. You  er  got our 

 er  message that the time and  er  place of 
the hearing had been changed, then? 

I must have missed it, said Dumbledore cheerfully. 
However, due to a lucky mistake I arrived at the 
Ministry three hours early, so no harm done. 

Yes  well  I suppose well need another chair  I 

 Weasley, could you  ? 

Not to worry, not to worry, said Dumbledore 
pleasantly; he took out his wand, gave it a little flick, 
and a squashy chintz armchair appeared out of 
nowhere next to Harry. Dumbledore sat down, put the 
tips of his long fingers together, and looked at Fudge 
over them with an expression of polite interest. The 
Wizengamot was still muttering and fidgeting 
restlessly; only when Fudge spoke again did they 
settle down. 

Yes, said Fudge again, shuffling his notes. Well, 
then. So. The charges. Yes. 

He extricated a piece of parchment from the pile 
before him, took a deep breath, and read, The 
charges against the accused are as follows: That he 
did knowingly, deliberately, and in full awareness of 
the illegality of his actions, having received a previous 
written warning from the Ministry of Magic on a 
similar charge, produce a Patronus Charm in a 
Muggleinhabited area, in the presence of a Muggle, 
on August the second at twentythree minutes past 
nine, which constitutes an offense under paragraph C 
  179Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of 
Underage Sorcery, 1875, and also under section 
thirteen of the International Confederation of Wizards 
Statute of Secrecy. 

You are Harry James Potter, of number four, Privet 
Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey? Fudge said, glaring at 
Harry over the top of his parchment. 

Yes, Harry said. 

You received an official warning from the Ministry for 
using illegal magic three years ago, did you not? 

Yes, but   

And yet you conjured a Patronus on the night of the 
second of August? said Fudge. 

Yes, said Harry, but   

Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic 
outside school while you are under the age of 
seventeen? 

Yes, but   

Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggles? 
Yes, but   

Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a 
Muggle at the time? 

Yes, said Harry angrily, but I only used it because 
we were   

The witch with the monocle on Fudges left cut across 
him in a booming voice. 

  180Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You produced a fully fledged Patronus? 



Yes, said Harry, because   

A corporeal Patronus? 

A  what? said Harry. 

Your Patronus had a clearly defined form? I mean to 
say, it was more than vapor or smoke? 

Yes, said Harry, feeling both impatient and slightly 
desperate, its a stag, its always a stag. 

Always? boomed Madam Bones. You have 
produced a Patronus before now? 

Yes said Harry, Ive been doing it for over a year  



And you are fifteen years old? 

Yes, and   

You learned this at school? 

Yes, Professor Lupin taught me in my third year, 
because of the   

Impressive, said Madam Bones, staring down at 
him, a true Patronus at that age ... very impressive 
indeed. 

Some of the wizards and witches around her were 
muttering again; a few nodded, but others were 
frowning and shaking their heads. 

Its not a question of how impressive the magic was, 
said Fudge in a testy voice. In fact, the more 

  181Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




impressive the worse it is, I would have thought, given 
that the boy did it in plain view of a Muggle! 



Those who had been frowning now murmured in 
agreement, but it was the sight of Percys 
sanctimonious little nod that goaded Harry into 
speech. 

I did it because of the dementors! he said loudly, 
before anyone could interrupt him again. 

He had expected more muttering, but the silence that 
fell seemed to be somehow denser than before. 

Dementors? said Madam Bones after a moment, 
raising her thick eyebrows so that her monocle looked 
in danger of falling out. What do you mean, boy? 

I mean there were two dementors down that alleyway 
and they went for me and my cousin! 

Ah, said Fudge again, smirking unpleasantly as he 
looked around at the Wizengamot, as though inviting 
them to share the joke. Yes. Yes, I thought wed be 
hearing something like this. 

Dementors in Little Whinging? Madam Bones said 
in tones of great surprise. I dont understand   

Dont you, Amelia? said Fudge, still smirking. Let 
me explain. Hes been thinking it through and decided 
dementors would make a very nice little cover story, 
very nice indeed. Muggles cant see dementors, can 
they, boy? Highly convenient, highly convenient ... so 
its just your word and no witnesses... 

Im not lying! said Harry loudly, over another 
outbreak of muttering from the court. There were two 
of them, coming from opposite ends of the alley, 

  182Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




everything went dark and cold and my cousin felt 
them and ran for it   

Enough, enough! said Fudge with a very 
supercilious look on his face. Im sorry to interrupt 
what Im sure would have been a very wellrehearsed 
story   

Dumbledore cleared his throat. The Wizengamot fell 
silent again. 

We do, in fact, have a witness to the presence of 
dementors in that alleyway, he said, other than 
Dudley Dursley, I mean. 

Fudges plump face seemed to slacken, as though 
somebody had let air out of it. He stared down at 
Dumbledore for a moment or two, then, with the 
appearance of a man pulling himself back together, 
said, We havent got time to listen to more 
taradiddles, Im afraid, Dumbledore. I want this dealt 
with quickly   

I may be wrong, said Dumbledore pleasantly, but I 
am sure that under the Wizengamot Charter of 
Rights, the accused has the right to present witnesses 
for his or her case? Isnt that the policy of the 
Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam 
Bones? he continued, addressing the witch in the 
monocle. 

True, said Madam Bones. Perfectly true. 

Oh, very well, very well, snapped Fudge. Where is 
this person? 

I brought her with me, said Dumbledore. Shes just 
outside the door. Should I  ? 



  183Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No  Weasley, you go, Fudge barked at Percy, who 
got up at once, hurried down the stone steps from the 
judges balcony, and hastened past Dumbledore and 
Harry without glancing at them. 

A moment later, Percy returned, followed by Mrs. 

Figg. She looked scared and more batty than ever. 
Harry wished she had thought to change out of her 
carpet slippers. 

Dumbledore stood up and gave Mrs. Figg his chair, 
conjuring a second one for himself. 

Full name? said Fudge loudly, when Mrs. Figg had 
perched herself nervously on the very edge of her 
seat. 

Arabella Doreen Figg, said Mrs. Figg in her quavery 
voice. 

And who exactly are you? said Fudge, in a bored 
and lofty voice. 

Im a resident of Little Whinging, close to where 
Harry Potter lives, said Mrs. Figg. 

We have no record of any witch or wizard living in 
Little Whinging other than Harry Potter, said Madam 
Bones at once. That situation has always been 
closely monitored, given ... given past events. 

Im a Squib, said Mrs. Figg. So you wouldnt have 
me registered, would you? 

A Squib, eh? said Fudge, eyeing her suspiciously. 
Well be checking that. Youll leave details of your 
parentage with my assistant, Weasley. Incidentally, 
can Squibs see dementors? he added, looking left 
and right along the bench where he sat. 

  184Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, we can! said Mrs. Figg indignantly. 



Fudge looked back down at her, his eyebrows raised. 
Very well, he said coolly. What is your story? 

I had gone out to buy cat food from the corner shop 
at the end of Wisteria Walk, shortly after nine on the 
evening of the second of August, gabbled Mrs. Figg at 
once, as though she had learned what she was saying 
by heart, when I heard a disturbance down the 
alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria 
Walk. On approaching the mouth of the alleyway I 
saw dementors running   

Running? said Madam Bones sharply. Dementors 
dont run, they glide. 

Thats what I meant to say, said Mrs. Figg quickly, 
patches of pink appearing in her withered cheeks. 
Gliding along the alley toward what looked like two 
boys. 

What did they look like? said Madam Bones, 
narrowing her eyes so that the monocles edges 
disappeared into her flesh. 

Well, one was very large and the other one rather 
skinny   

No, no, said Madam Bones impatiently, the 
dementors ... describe them. 

Oh, said Mrs. Figg, the pink flush creeping up her 
neck now. They were big. Big and wearing cloaks. 

Harry felt a horrible sinking in the pit of his stomach. 
Whatever Mrs. Figg said to the contrary, it sounded to 
him as though the most she had ever seen was a 
picture of a dementor, and a picture could never 

  185Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




convey the truth of what these beings were like: the 
eerie way they moved, hovering inches over the 
ground, or the rotting smell of them, or that terrible, 
rattling noise they made as they sucked on the 
surrounding air ... A dumpy wizard with a large black 
mustache in the second row leaned close to his 
neighbor, a frizzyhaired witch, and whispered 
something in her ear. She smirked and nodded. 

Big and wearing cloaks, repeated Madam Bones 
coolly, while Fudge snorted derisively. I see. Anything 
else? 

Yes, said Mrs. Figg. I felt them. Everything went 
cold, and this was a very warm summers night, mark 
you. And I felt ... as though all happiness had gone 
from the world . . . and I remembered . . . dreadful 
things... 

Her voice shook and died. 

Madam Bones eyes widened slightly. Harry could see 
red marks under her eyebrow where the monocle had 
dug into it. 

What did the dementors do? she asked, and Harry 
felt a rush of hope. 

They went for the boys, said Mrs. Figg, her voice 
stronger and more confident now, the pink flush 
ebbing away from her face. One of them had fallen. 
The other was backing away, trying to repel the 
dementor. That was Harry. He tried twice and 
produced silver vapor. On the third attempt, he 
produced a Patronus, which charged down the first 
dementor and then, with his encouragement, chased 
away the second from his cousin. And that ... that 
was what happened, Mrs. Figg finished, somewhat 
lamely. 

  186Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Madam Bones looked down at Mrs. Figg in silence; 
Fudge was not looking at her at all, but fidgeting with 
his papers. Finally he raised his eyes and said, rather 
aggressively Thats what you saw, is it? 

That was what happened, Mrs. Figg repeated. 

Very well, said Fudge. You may go. 

Mrs. Figg cast a frightened look from Fudge to 
Dumbledore, then got up and shuffled off toward the 
door again. Harry heard it thud shut behind her. 

Not a very convincing witness, said Fudge loftily. 

Oh, I dont know, said Madam Bones in her 
booming voice. She certainly described the effects of 
a dementor attack very accurately. And I cant 
imagine why she would say they were there if they 
werent   

But dementors wandering into a Muggle suburb and 
just happening to come across a wizard? snorted 
Fudge. The odds on that must be very, very long, 
even Bagman wouldnt have bet   

Oh, I dont think any of us believe the dementors 
were there by coincidence, said Dumbledore lightly. 

The witch sitting to the right of Fudge with her face in 
shadow moved slightly, but everyone else was quite 
still and silent. 

And what is that supposed to mean? asked Fudge 
icily. 

It means that I think they were ordered there, said 
Dumbledore. 



  187Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I think we might have a record of it if someone had 
ordered a pair of dementors to go strolling through 
Little Whinging! barked Fudge. 

Not if the dementors are taking orders from someone 
other than the Ministry of Magic these days, said 
Dumbledore calmly. I have already given you my 
views on this matter, Cornelius. 

Yes, you have, said Fudge forcefully, and I have no 
reason to believe that your views are anything other 
than bilge, Dumbledore. The dementors remain in 
place in Azkaban and are doing everything we ask 
them to. 

Then, said Dumbledore, quietly but clearly, we 
must ask ourselves why somebody within the 
Ministry ordered a pair of dementors into that 
alleyway on the second of August. 

In the complete silence that greeted these words, the 
witch to the right of Fudge leaned forward so that 
Harry saw her for the first time. 

He thought she looked just like a large, pale toad. She 
was rather squat with a broad, flabby face, as little 
neck as Uncle Vernon, and a very wide, slack mouth. 
Her eyes were large, round, and slightly bulging. Even 
the little black velvet bow perched on top of her short 
curly hair put him in mind of a large fly she was 
about to catch on a long sticky tongue. 

The Chair recognizes Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior 
Undersecretary to the Minister, said Fudge. 

The witch spoke in a fluttery, girlish, highpitched 
voice that took Harry aback; he had been expecting a 
croak. 



  188Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Im sure I must have misunderstood you, Professor 
Dumbledore, she said with a simper that left her big, 
round eyes as cold as ever. So silly of me. But it 
sounded for a teensy moment as though you were 
suggesting that the Ministry of Magic had ordered an 
attack on this boy! 

She gave a silvery laugh that made the hairs on the 
back of Harrys neck stand up. A few other members 
of the Wizengamot laughed with her. It could not have 
been plainer that not one of them was really amused. 

If it is true that the dementors are taking orders only 
from the Ministry of Magic, and it is also true that two 
dementors attacked Harry and his cousin a week ago, 
then it follows logically that somebody at the Ministry 
might have ordered the attacks, said Dumbledore 
politely. Of course, these particular dementors may 
have been outside Ministry control   

There are no dementors outside Ministry control! 
snapped Fudge, who had turned brick red. 

Dumbledore inclined his head in a little bow. 

Then undoubtedly the Ministry will be making a full 
inquiry into why two dementors were so very far from 
Azkaban and why they attacked without 
authorization. 

It is not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic 
does or does not do, Dumbledore! snapped Fudge, 
now a shade of magenta of which Uncle Vernon would 
have been proud. 

Of course it isnt, said Dumbledore mildly. I was 
merely expressing my confidence that this matter will 
not go uninvestigated. 



  189Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He glanced at Madam Bones, who readjusted her 
monocle and stared back at him, frowning slightly. 

I would remind everybody that the behavior of these 
dementors, if indeed they are not figments of this 
boys imagination, is not the subject of this hearing! 
said Fudge. We are here to examine Harry Potters 
offenses under the Decree for the Reasonable 
Restriction of Underage Sorcery! 

Of course we are, said Dumbledore, but the 
presence of dementors in that alleyway is highly 
relevant. Clause seven of the Decree states that magic 
may be used before Muggles in exceptional 
circumstances, and as those exceptional 
circumstances include situations that threaten the 
life of the wizard or witch himself, or witches, wizards, 
or Muggles present at the time of the   

We are familiar with clause seven, thank you very 
much! snarled Fudge. 

Of course you are, said Dumbledore courteously. 
Then we are in agreement that Harrys use of the 
Patronus Charm in these circumstances falls 
precisely into the category of exceptional 
circumstances it describes? 

If there were dementors, which I doubt   

You have heard from an eyewitness, Dumbledore 
interrupted. If you still doubt her truthfulness, call 
her back, question her again. I am sure she would not 
object. 

I  that  not   blustered Fudge, fiddling with the 
papers before him. Its  I want this over with today, 
Dumbledore! 



  190Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But naturally, you would not care how many times 
you heard from a witness, if the alternative was a 
serious miscarriage of justice, said Dumbledore. 

Serious miscarriage, my hat! said Fudge at the top 
of his voice. Have you ever bothered to tot up the 
number of cockandbull stories this boy has come 
out with, Dumbledore, while trying to cover up his 
flagrant misuse of magic out of school? I suppose 
youve forgotten the Hover Charm he used three years 
ago  

That wasnt me, it was a houseelf! said Harry. 

YOU SEE? roared Fudge, gesturing flamboyantly in 
Harrys direction. A houseelf! In a Muggle house! I 
ask you   

The houseelf in question is currently in the employ 
of Hogwarts School, said Dumbledore. I can 
summon him here in an instant to give evidence if 
you wish. 

I  not  I havent got time to listen to houseelves! 
Anyway, thats not the only  he blew up his aunt, 
for Gods sake! Fudge shouted, banging his fist on 
the judges bench and upsetting a bottle of ink. 

And you very kindly did not press charges on that 
occasion, accepting, I presume, that even the best 
wizards cannot always control their emotions, said 
Dumbledore calmly, as Fudge attempted to scrub the 
ink off his notes. 

And I havent even started on what he gets up to at 
school   

  but as the Ministry has no authority to punish 
Hogwarts students for misdemeanors at school, 

  191Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys behavior there is not relevant to this inquiry, 
said Dumbledore, politely as ever, but now with a 
suggestion of coolness behind his words. 

Oho! said Fudge. Not our business what he does at 
school, eh? You think so? 

The Ministry does not have the power to expel 
Hogwarts students, Cornelius, as I reminded you on 
the night of the second of August, said Dumbledore. 
Nor does it have the right to confiscate wands until 
charges have been successfully proven, again, as I 
reminded you on the night of the second of August. In 
your admirable haste to ensure that the law is 
upheld, you appear, inadvertently I am sure, to have 
overlooked a few laws yourself. 

Laws can be changed, said Fudge savagely. 

Of course they can, said Dumbledore, inclining his 
head. And you certainly seem to be making many 
changes, Cornelius. Why, in the few short weeks 
since I was asked to leave the Wizengamot, it has 
already become the practice to hold a full criminal 
trial to deal with a simple matter of underage magic! 

A few of the wizards above them shifted 
uncomfortably in their seats. Fudge turned a slightly 
deeper shade of puce. The toadlike witch on his right, 
however, merely gazed at Dumbledore, her face quite 
expressionless. 

As far as I am aware, however, Dumbledore 
continued, there is no law yet in place that says this 
courts job is to punish Harry for every bit of magic he 
has ever performed. He has been charged with a 
specific offense and he has presented his defense. All 
he and I can do now is to await your verdict. 



  192Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dumbledore put his fingertips together again and said 
no more. Fudge glared at him, evidently incensed. 
Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, seeking 
reassurance; he was not at all sure that Dumbledore 
was right in telling the Wizengamot, in effect, that it 
was about time they made a decision. Again, however, 
Dumbledore seemed oblivious to Harrys attempt to 
catch his eye. He continued to look up at the benches 
where the entire Wizengamot had fallen into urgent, 
whispered conversations. 

Harry looked at his feet. His heart, which seemed to 
have swollen to an unnatural size, was thumping 
loudly under his ribs. He had expected the hearing to 
last longer than this. He was not at all sure that he 
had made a good impression. He had not really said 
very much. He ought to have explained more fully 
about the dementors, about how he had fallen over, 
about how both he and Dudley had nearly been 
kissed... 

Twice he looked up at Fudge and opened his mouth to 
speak, but his swollen heart was now constricting his 
air passages and both times he merely took a deep 
breath and looked back at his shoes. 

Then the whispering stopped. Harry wanted to look 
up at the judges, but found that it was really much, 
much easier to keep examining his laces. 

Those in favor of clearing the accused of all 
charges? said Madam Bones s booming voice. 

Harrys head jerked upward. There were hands in the 
air, many of them . . . more than half! Breathing very 
fast, he tried to count, but before he could finish 
Madam Bones had said, And those in favor of 
conviction? 



  193Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fudge raised his hand; so did half a dozen others, 
including the witch on his right and the heavily 
mustached wizard and the frizzyhaired witch in the 
second row. 

Fudge glanced around at them all, looking as though 
there was something large stuck in his throat, then 
lowered his own hand. He took two deep breaths and 
then said, in a voice distorted by suppressed rage, 
Very well, very well ... cleared of all charges. 

Excellent, said Dumbledore briskly, springing to his 
feet, pulling out his wand, and causing the two chintz 
armchairs to vanish. Well, I must be getting along. 
Good day to you all. 

And without looking once at Harry, he swept from the 
dungeon. 



  194Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE WOES OF MRS. WEASLEY 

Dumbledores abrupt departure took Harry 
completely by surprise. He remained sitting where he 
was in the chained chair, struggling with his feelings 
of shock and relief. The Wizengamot were all getting 
to their feet, talking, and gathering up their papers 
and packing them away. Harry stood up. Nobody 
seemed to be paying him the slightest bit of attention 
except the toadlike witch on Fudges right, who was 
now gazing down at him instead of at Dumbledore. 
Ignoring her, he tried to catch Fudges eye, or Madam 
Boness, wanting to ask whether he was free to go, 
but Fudge seemed quite determined not to notice 
Harry, and Madam Bones was busy with her 
briefcase, so he took a few tentative steps toward the 
exit and when nobody called him back, broke into a 
very fast walk. 

He took the last few steps at a run, wrenched open 
the door, and almost collided with Mr. Weasley, who 
was standing right outside, looking pale and 
apprehensive. 



  195Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Dumbledore didnt say   



Cleared, Harry said, pulling the door closed behind 
him, of all charges! 

Beaming, Mr. Weasley seized Harry by the shoulders. 

Harry, thats wonderful! Well, of course, they couldnt 
have found you guilty, not on the evidence, but even 
so, I cant pretend I wasnt   

But Mr. Weasley broke off, because the courtroom 
door had just opened again. The Wizengamot were 
filing out. 

Merlins beard, said Mr. Weasley wonderingly, 
pulling Harry aside to let them all pass, you were 
tried by the full court? 

I think so, said Harry quietly. 

One or two of the passing wizards nodded to Harry as 
they passed and a few, including Madam Bones, said, 
Morning, Arthur, to Mr. Weasley, but most averted 
their eyes. Cornelius Fudge and the toadlike witch 
were almost the last to leave the dungeon. Fudge 
acted as though Mr. Weasley and Harry were part of 
the wall, but again, the witch looked almost 
appraisingly at Harry as she passed. Last of all to 
pass was Percy. Like Fudge, he completely ignored his 
father and Harry; he marched past clutching a large 
roll of parchment and a handful of spare quills, his 
back rigid and his nose in the air. The lines around 
Mr. Weasleys mouth tightened slightly, but other 
than this he gave no sign that he had noticed his 
third son. 

Im going to take you straight back so you can tell 
the others the good news, he said, beckoning Harry 

  196Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




forward as Percys heels disappeared up the stairs to 
the ninth level. Ill drop you off on the way to that 
toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on... 



So what will you have to do about the toilet? Harry 
asked, grinning. Everything suddenly seemed five 
times funnier than usual. It was starting to sink in: 
He was cleared, he was going hack to Hogwarts. 

Oh, its a simple enough antijinx, said Mr. Weasley 
as they mounted the stairs, but its not so much 
having to repair the damage, its more the attitude 
behind the vandalism, Harry. Mugglebaiting might 
strike some wizards as funny, but its an expression 
of something much deeper and nastier, and I for one 



Mr. Weasley broke off in midsentence. They had just 
reached the ninthlevel corridor, and Cornelius Fudge 
was standing a few feet away from them, talking 
quietly to a tall man with sleek blond hair and a 
pointed, pale face. 

The second man turned at the sound of their 
footsteps. He too broke off in midconversation, his 
cold gray eyes narrowed and fixed upon Harrys face. 

Well, well, well ... Patronus Potter, said Lucius 
Malfoy coolly. 

Harry felt winded, as though he had just walked into 
something heavy. He had last seen those cool gray 
eyes through slits in a Death Eaters hood, and last 
heard that mans voice jeering in a dark graveyard 
while Lord Voldemort tortured him. He could not 
believe that Lucius Malfoy dared look him in the face; 
he could not believe that he was here, in the Ministry 
of Magic, or that Cornelius Fudge was talking to him, 



  197Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




when Harry had told Fudge mere weeks ago that 
Malfoy was a Death Eater. 

The Minister was just telling me about your lucky 
escape, Potter, drawled Mr. Malfoy. Quite 
astonishing, the way you continue to wriggle out of 
very tight holes... Snakelike, in fact ... 

Mr. Weasley gripped Harrys shoulder in warning. 

Yeah, said Harry, yeah, Im good at escaping... 

Lucius Malfoy raised his eyes to Mr. Weasleys face. 

And Arthur Weasley too! What are you doing here, 
Arthur? 

I work here, said Mr. Weasley shortly. 

Not here, surely? said Mr. Malfoy, raising his 
eyebrows and glancing toward the door over Mr. 
Weasleys shoulder. I thought you were up on the 
second floor. . . Dont you do something that involves 
sneaking Muggle artifacts home and bewitching 
them? 

No, said Mr. Weasley curtly, his fingers now biting 
into Harrys shoulder. 

What are you doing here anyway? Harry asked 
Lucius Malfoy. 

I dont think private matters between myself and the 
Minister are any concern of yours, Potter, said 
Malfoy, smoothing the front of his robes; Harry 
distinctly heard the gentle clinking of what sounded 
like a full pocket of gold. Really, just because you are 
Dumbledores favorite boy, you must not expect the 



  198Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




same indulgence from the rest of us... Shall we go up 
to your office, then, Minister? 

Certainly, said Fudge, turning his back on Harry 
and Mr. Weasley. This way, Lucius. 

They strode off together, talking in low voices. Mr. 
Weasley did not let go of Harrys shoulder until they 
had disappeared into the lift. 

Why wasnt he waiting outside Fudges office if 
theyve got business to do together? Harry burst out 
furiously. What was he doing down here? 

Trying to sneak down to the courtroom, if you ask 
me, said Mr. Weasley, looking extremely agitated as 
he glanced over his shoulder as though making sure 
they could not be overheard. Trying to find out 
whether youd been expelled or not. Ill leave a note 
for Dumbledore when I drop you off, he ought to 
know Malfoys been talking to Fudge again. 

What private business have they got together 
anyway? 

Gold, I expect, said Mr. Weasley angrily. Malfoys 
been giving generously to all sorts of things for 
years... Gets him in with the right people ... then he 
can ask favors ... delay laws he doesnt want passed 
... Oh, hes very well connected, Lucius Malfoy... 

The lift arrived; it was empty except for a flock of 
memos that flapped around Mr. Weasleys head as he 
pressed the button for the Atrium and the doors 
clanged shut; he waved them away irritably. 

Mr. Weasley, said Harry slowly, if Fudge is meeting 
Death Eaters like Malfoy, if hes seeing them alone, 



  199Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




how do we know they havent put the Imperius Curse 
on him? 

Dont think it hadnt occurred to us, Harry, 
muttered Mr. Weasley. But Dumbledore thinks 
Fudge is acting of his own accord at the moment  
which, as Dumbledore says, is not a lot of comfort... 
Best not talk about it anymore just now, Harry... 

The doors slid open and they stepped out into the 
now almostdeserted Atrium. Eric the security man 
was hidden behind his Daily Prophet again. They had 
walked straight past the golden fountain before Harry 
remembered. 

Wait... he told Mr. Weasley, and pulling his money 
bag from his pocket, he turned back to the fountain. 

He looked up into the handsome wizards face, but up 
close, Harry thought he looked rather weak and 
foolish. The witch was wearing a vapid smile like a 
beauty contestant, and from what Harry knew of 
goblins and centaurs, they were most unlikely to be 
caught staring this soppily at humans of any 
description. Only the houseelfs attitude of creeping 
servility looked convincing. With a grin at the thought 
of what Hermione would say if she could see the 
statue of the elf, Harry turned his money bag upside 
down and emptied not just ten Galleons, but the 
whole contents into the pool at the statues feet. 

I knew it! yelled Ron, punching the air. You always 
get away with stuff! 

They were bound to clear you, said Hermione, who 
had looked positively faint with anxiety when Harry 
had entered the kitchen and was now holding a 
shaking hand over her eyes. There was no case 
against you, none at all... 

  200Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Everyone seems quite relieved, though, considering 
they all knew Id get off, said Harry, smiling. 

Mrs. Weasley was wiping her face on her apron, and 
Fred, George, and Ginny were doing a kind of war 
dance to a chant that went He got off, he got off he 
got off   

Thats enough, settle down! shouted Mr. Weasley, 
though he too was smiling. Listen, Sirius, Lucius 
Malfoy was at the Ministry   

What? said Sirius sharply. 

He got off he got off he got off   

Be quiet, you three! Yes, we saw him talking to 
Fudge on level nine, then they went up to Fudges 
office together. Dumbledore ought to know. 

Absolutely, said Sirius. Well tell him, dont worry. 

Well, Id better get going, theres a vomiting toilet in 
Bethnal Green waiting for me. Molly, Ill be late, Im 
covering for Tonks, but Kingsley might be dropping in 
for dinner   

He got off he got off he got off   

Thats enough  Fred  George  Ginny! said Mrs. 
Weasley, as Mr. Weasley left the kitchen. Harry dear, 
come and sit down, have some lunch, you hardly ate 
breakfast... 

Ron and Hermione sat themselves down opposite him 
looking happier than they had done since he had first 
arrived at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, and 
Harrys feeling of giddy relief, which had been 
somewhat dented by his encounter with Lucius 
  201Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Malfoy, swelled again. The gloomy house seemed 
warmer and more welcoming all of a sudden; even 
Kreacher looked less ugly as he poked his snoutlike 
nose into the kitchen to investigate the source of all 
the noise. 

 Course, once Dumbledore turned up on your side, 
there was no way they were going to convict you, 
said Ron happily, now dishing great mounds of 
mashed potatoes onto everyones plates. 

Yeah, he swung it for me, said Harry. He felt that it 
would sound highly ungrateful, not to mention 
childish, to say, I wish hed talked to me, though. Or 
even looked at me. 

And as he thought this, the scar on his forehead 
burned so badly that he clapped his hand to it. 

Whats up? said Hermione, looking alarmed. 

Scar, Harry mumbled. But its nothing... It happens 
all the time now... 

None of the others had noticed a thing; all of them 
were now helping themselves to food while gloating 
over Harrys narrow escape; Fred, George, and Ginny 
were still singing. Hermione looked rather anxious, 
but before she could say anything, Ron said happily, 

I bet Dumbledore turns up this evening to celebrate 
with us, you know. 

I dont think hell be able to, Ron, said Mrs. Weasley, 
setting a huge plate of roast chicken down in front of 
Harry. Hes really very busy at the moment. 

HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF, HE GOT OFF 

SHUT UP! roared Mrs. Weasley. 

  202Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Over the next few days Harry could not help noticing 
that there was one person within number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place, who did not seem wholly overjoyed 
that he would be returning to Hogwarts. Sirius had 
put up a very good show of happiness on first hearing 
the news, wringing Harrys hand and beaming just 
like the rest of them; soon, however, he was moodier 
and surlier than before, talking less to everybody, 
even Harry, and spending increasing amounts of time 
shut up in his mothers room with Buckbeak. 

Dont you go feeling guilty! said Hermione sternly, 
after Harry had confided some of his feelings to her 
and Ron while they scrubbed out a moldy cupboard 
on the third floor a few days later. You belong at 
Hogwarts and Sirius knows it. Personally, I think hes 
being selfish. 

Thats a bit harsh, Hermione, said Ron, frowning as 
he attempted to prize off a bit of mold that had 
attached itself firmly to his finger, you wouldnt want 
to be stuck inside this house without company. 

Hell have company! said Hermione. Its 
