headquarters to the Order of the Phoenix, isnt it? He 
just got his hopes up that Harry would be coming to 
live here with him. 

I dont think thats true, said Harry, wringing out 
his cloth. He wouldnt give me a straight answer 
when I asked him if I could. 

He just didnt want to get his own hopes up even 
more, said Hermione wisely. And he probably felt a 
bit guilty himself, because I think a part of him was 
really hoping youd be expelled. Then youd both be 
outcasts together. 



  203Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Come off it! said Harry and Ron together, but 
Hermione merely shrugged. 

Suit yourselves. But I sometimes think Rons mums 
right, and Sirius gets confused about whether youre 
you or your father, Harry. 

So you think hes touched in the head? said Harry 
heatedly. 

No, I just think hes been very lonely for a long time, 
said Hermione simply. 

At this point Mrs. Weasley entered the bedroom 
behind them. 

Still not finished? she said, poking her head into the 
cupboard. 

I thought you might be here to tell us to have a 
break! said Ron bitterly. Dyou know how much 
mold weve got rid of since we arrived here? 

You were so keen to help the Order, said Mrs. 
Weasley, you can do your bit by making 
headquarters fit to live in. 

I feel like a houseelf, grumbled Ron. 

Well, now that you understand what dreadful lives 
they lead, perhaps youll be a bit more active in 
S.P.E.W.! said Hermione hopefully, as Mrs. Weasley 
left them to it again. You know, maybe it wouldnt be 
a bad idea to show people exactly how horrible it is to 
clean all the time  we could do a sponsored scrub of 
Gryffindor common room, all proceeds to S.P.E.W., it 
would raise awareness as well as funds   



  204Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ill sponsor you to shut up about spew, Ron 
muttered irritably, but only so Harry could hear him. 

Harry found himself daydreaming about Hogwarts 
more and more as the end of the holidays 
approached; he could not wait to see Hagrid again, to 
play Quidditch, even to stroll across the vegetable 
patches to the Herbology greenhouses. It would be a 
treat just to leave this dusty, musty house, where half 
of the cupboards were still bolted shut and Kreacher 
wheezed insults out of the shadows as you passed, 
though Harry was careful not to say any of this within 
earshot of Sirius. 

The fact was that living at the headquarters of the 
antiVoldemort movement was not nearly as 
interesting or exciting as Harry would have expected 
before hed experienced it. Though members of the 
Order of the Phoenix came and went regularly, 
sometimes staying for meals, sometimes only for a few 
minutes whispered conversation, Mrs. Weasley made 
sure that Harry and the others were kept well out of 
earshot (whether Extendable or normal) and nobody, 
not even Sirius, seemed to feel that Harry needed to 
know anything more than he had heard on the night 
of his arrival. 

On the very last day of the holidays Harry was 
sweeping up Hedwigs owl droppings from the top of 
the wardrobe when Ron entered their bedroom 
carrying a couple of envelopes. 

Booklists have arrived, he said, throwing one of the 
envelopes up to Harry, who was standing on a chair. 
About time, I thought theyd forgotten, they usually 
come much earlier than this... 

Harry swept the last of the droppings into a rubbish 
bag and threw the bag over Rons head into the 

  205Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wastepaper basket in the corner, which swallowed it 
and belched loudly. He then opened his letter: It 
contained two pieces of parchment, one the usual 
reminder that term started on the first of September, 
the other telling him which books he would need for 
the coming year. 

Only two new ones, he said, reading the list. The 
Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5, by Miranda 
Goshawk and Defensive Magical Theory, by Wilbert 
Slinkhard. 

Crack. 

Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry. He 
was so used to them doing this by now that he didnt 
even fall off his chair. 

We were just wondering who assigned the Slinkhard 
book, said Fred conversationally. 

Because it means Dumbledores found a new 
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, said George. 

And about time too, said Fred. 

What dyou mean? Harry asked, jumping down 
beside them. 

Well, we overheard Mum and Dad talking on the 
Extendable Ears a few weeks back, Fred told Harry, 
and from what they were saying, Dumbledore was 
having real trouble finding anyone to do the job this 
year. 

Not surprising, is it, when you look at whats 
happened to the last four? said George. 



  206Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




One sacked, one dead, ones memory removed, and 
one locked in a trunk for nine months, said Harry, 
counting them off on his fingers. Yeah, I see what 
you mean. 

Whats up with you, Ron? asked Fred. 

Ron did not answer. Harry looked around. Ron was 
standing very still with his mouth slightly open, 
gaping at his letter from Hogwarts. 

Whats the matter? said Fred impatiently, moving 
around Ron to look over his shoulder at the 
parchment. 

Freds mouth fell open too. 

Prefect? he said, staring incredulously at the letter. 
Prefect? 

George leapt forward, seized the envelope in Rons 
other hand, and turned it upside down. Harry saw 
something scarlet and gold fall into Georges palm. 

No way, said George in a hushed voice. 

Theres been a mistake, said Fred, snatching the 
letter out of Rons grasp and holding it up to the light 
as though checking for a watermark. No one in their 
right mind would make Ron a prefect... 

The twins heads turned in unison and both of them 
stared at Harry. 

We thought you were a cert! said Fred in a tone that 
suggested Harry had tricked them in some way. 

We thought Dumbledore was bound to pick you! 
said George indignantly. 

  207Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Winning the Triwizard and everything! said Fred. 

I suppose all the mad stuff mustve counted against 
him, said George to Fred. 

Yeah, said Fred slowly. Yeah, youve caused too 
much trouble, mate. Well, at least one of yous got 
their priorities right. 

He strode over to Harry and clapped him on the back 
while giving Ron a scathing look. 

Prefect ... ickle Ronnie the prefect ... 

Oh, Mums going to be revolting, groaned George, 
thrusting the prefect badge back at Ron as though it 
might contaminate him. 

Ron, who still had not said a word, took the badge, 
stared at it for a moment, and then held it out to 
Harry as though asking mutely for confirmation that 
it was genuine. Harry took it. A large P was 
superimposed on the Gryffindor lion. He had seen a 
badge just like this on Percys chest on his very first 
day at Hogwarts. 

The door banged open. Hermione came tearing into 
the room, her cheeks flushed and her hair flying. 
There was an envelope in her hand. 

Did you  did you get  ? 

She spotted the badge in Harrys hand and let out a 
shriek. 

I knew it! she said excitedly, brandishing her letter. 
Me too, Harry, me too! 



  208Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, said Harry quickly, pushing the badge back into 
Rons hand. Its Ron, not me. 



It  what? 

Rons prefect, not me, Harry said. 

Ron? said Hermione, her jaw dropping. But ... are 
you sure? I mean   

She turned red as Ron looked around at her with a 
defiant expression on his face. 

Its my name on the letter, he said. 

I ... said Hermione, looking thoroughly bewildered. 

I ... well ... wow! Well done, Ron! Thats really   

Unexpected, said George, nodding. 

No, said Hermione, blushing harder than ever, no, 
its not ... Rons done loads of ... hes really ... 

The door behind her opened a little wider and Mrs. 
Weasley backed into the room carrying a pile of 
freshly laundered robes. 

Ginny said the booklists had come at last, she said, 
glancing around at all the envelopes as she made her 
way over to the bed and started sorting the robes into 
two piles. If you give them to me Ill take them over to 
Diagon Alley this afternoon and get your books while 
youre packing. Ron, Ill have to get you more 
pajamas, these are at least six inches too short, I 
cant believe how fast youre growing ... what color 
would you like? 

Get him red and gold to match his badge, said 
George, smirking. 

  209Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Match his what? said Mrs. Weasley absently, rolling 
up a pair of maroon socks and placing them on Rons 
pile. 

His badge, said Fred, with the air of getting the 
worst over quickly. His lovely shiny new prefects 
badge. 

Freds words took a moment to penetrate Mrs. 
Weasleys preoccupation about pajamas. 

His ... but ... Ron, youre not... ? 

Ron held up his badge. 

Mrs. Weasley let out a shriek just like Hermiones. 

I dont believe it! I dont believe it! Oh, Ron, how 
wonderful! A prefect! Thats everyone in the family! 

What are Fred and I, nextdoor neighbors? said 
George indignantly, as his mother pushed him aside 
and flung her arms around her youngest son. 

Wait until your father hears! Ron, Im so proud of 
you, what wonderful news, you could end up Head 
Boy just like Bill and Percy, its the first step! Oh, 
what a thing to happen in the middle of all this worry, 
Im just thrilled, oh Ronnie   

Fred and George were both making loud retching 
noises behind her back but Mrs. Weasley did not 
notice; arms tight around Rons neck, she was kissing 
him all over his face, which had turned a brighter 
scarlet than his badge. 

Mum ... dont ... Mum, get a grip... he muttered, 
trying to push her away. 



  210Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She let go of him and said breathlessly, Well, what 
will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but youve already 
got one, of course. 

Wwhat do you mean? said Ron, looking as though 
he did not dare believe his ears. 

Youve got to have a reward for this! said Mrs. 
Weasley fondly. How about a nice new set of dress 
robes? 

Weve already bought him some, said Fred sourly, 
who looked as though he sincerely regretted this 
generosity. 

Or a new cauldron, Charlies old ones rusting 
through, or a new rat, you always liked Scabbers   

Mum, said Ron hopefully, can I have a new 
broom? 

Mrs. Weasleys face fell slightly; broomsticks were 
expensive. 

Not a really good one! Ron hastened to add. Just  
just a new one for a change ... 

Mrs. Weasley hesitated, then smiled. 

Of course you can... Well, Id better get going if Ive 
got a broom to buy too. Ill see you all later... Little 
Ronnie, a prefect! And dont forget to pack your 
trunks... A prefect ... Oh, Im all of a dither! 

She gave Ron yet another kiss on the cheek, sniffed 
loudly, and bustled from the room. 

Fred and George exchanged looks. 



  211Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You dont mind if we dont kiss you, do you, Ron? 
said Fred in a falsely anxious voice. 

We could curtsy, if you like, said George. 

Oh, shut up, said Ron, scowling at them. 

Or what? said Fred, an evil grin spreading across 
his face. Going to put us in detention? 

Id love to see him try, sniggered George. 

He could if you dont watch out! said Hermione 
angrily, at which Fred and George burst out laughing 
and Ron muttered, Drop it, Hermione. 

Were going to have to watch our step, George, said 
Fred, pretending to tremble, with these two on our 
case... 

Yeah, it looks like our lawbreaking days are finally 
over, said George, shaking his head. 

And with another loud crack, the twins Disapparated. 

Those two! said Hermione furiously, staring up at 
the ceiling, through which they could now hear Fred 
and George roaring with laughter in the room 
upstairs. Dont pay any attention to them, Ron, 
theyre only jealous! 

I dont think they are, said Ron doubtfully, also 
looking up at the ceiling. Theyve always said only 
prats become prefects... Still, he added on a happier 
note, theyve never had new brooms! I wish I could go 
with Mum and choose... Shell never be able to afford 
a Nimbus, but theres the new Cleansweep out, thatd 
be great... Yeah, I think Ill go and tell her I like the 
Cleansweep, just so she knows... 

  212Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He dashed from the room, leaving Harry and 
Hermione alone. 

For some reason, Harry found that he did not want to 
look at Hermione. He turned to his bed, picked up the 
pile of clean robes Mrs. Weasley had laid upon it, and 
crossed the room to his trunk. 

Harry? said Hermione tentatively. 

Well done, said Harry, so heartily it did not sound 
like his voice at all, and still not looking at her. 
Brilliant. Prefect. Great. 

Thanks, said Hermione. Erm  Harry  could I 
borrow Hedwig so I can tell Mum and Dad? Theyll be 
really pleased  I mean, prefect is something they 
can understand   

Yeah, no problem, said Harry, still in the horrible 
hearty voice that did not belong to him. Take her! 

He leaned over his trunk, laid the robes on the 
bottom of it, and pretended to be rummaging for 
something while Hermione crossed to the wardrobe 
and called Hedwig down. A few moments passed; 
Harry heard the door close but remained bent double, 
listening; the only sounds he could hear were the 
blank picture on the wall sniggering again and the 
wastepaper basket in the corner coughing up the owl 
droppings. 

He straightened up and looked behind him. Hermione 
and Hedwig had gone. Harry returned slowly to his 
bed and sank onto it, gazing unseeingly at the foot of 
the wardrobe. 

He had forgotten completely about prefects being 
chosen in the fifth year. He had been too anxious 

  213Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




about the possibility of being expelled to spare a 
thought for the fact that badges must be winging their 
way toward certain people. But if he had remembered 
... if he had thought about it . . . what would he have 
expected? 

Not this, said a small and truthful voice inside his 
head. 

Harry screwed up his face and buried it in his hands. 
He could not lie to himself; if he had known the 
prefect badge was on its way, he would have expected 
it to come to him, not Ron. Did this make him as 
arrogant as Draco Malfoy? Did he think himself 
superior to everyone else? Did he really believe he was 
better than Ron? 

No, said the small voice defiantly. 

Was that true? Harry wondered, anxiously probing 
his own feelings. 

Im better at Quidditch, said the voice. But Im not 
better at anything else. 

That was definitely true, Harry thought; he was no 
better than Ron in lessons. But what about outside 
lessons? What about those adventures he, Ron, and 
Hermione had had together since they had started at 
Hogwarts, often risking much worse than expulsion? 

Well, Ron and Hermione were with me most of the 
time, said the voice in Harrys head. 

Not all the time, though, Harry argued with himself. 
They didnt fight Quirrell with me. They didnt take on 
Riddle and the basilisk. They didnt get rid of all those 
dementors the night Sirius escaped. They werent in 
that graveyard with me, the night Voldemort returned... 
  214Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And the same feeling of ill usage that had 
overwhelmed him on the night he had arrived rose 
again. Ive definitely done more, Harry thought 
indignantly. Ive done more than either of them\ 

But maybe, said the small voice fairly, maybe 
Dumbledore doesnt choose prefects because theyve 
got themselves into a load of dangerous situations... 
Maybe he chooses them for other reasons... Ron must 
have something you dont... 

Harry opened his eyes and stared through his fingers 
at the wardrobes clawed feet, remembering what Fred 
had said. 

No one in their right mind would make Ron a 
prefect... 

Harry gave a small snort of laughter. A second later 
he felt sickened with himself. 

Ron had not asked Dumbledore to give him the 
prefect badge. This was not Rons fault. Was he, 

Harry, Rons best friend in the world, going to sulk 
because he didnt have a badge, laugh with the twins 
behind Rons back, ruin this for Ron when, for the 
first time, he had beaten Harry at something? 

At this point Harry heard Rons footsteps on the stairs 
again. He stood up, straightened his glasses, and 
hitched a grin onto his face as Ron bounded back 
through the door. 

Just caught her! he said happily. She says shell 
get the Cleansweep if she can. 

Cool, Harry said, and he was relieved to hear that 
his voice had stopped sounding hearty. Listen  Ron 
 well done, mate. 

  215Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The smile faded off Rons face. 



I never thought it would be me! he said, shaking his 
head, I thought it would be you! 

Nah, Ive caused too much trouble, Harry said, 
echoing Fred. 

Yeah, said Ron, yeah, I suppose... Well, wed better 
get our trunks packed, hadnt we? 

It was odd how widely their possessions seemed to 
have scattered themselves since they had arrived. It 
took them most of the afternoon to retrieve their 
books and belongings from all over the house and 
stow them back inside their school trunks. Harry 
noticed that Ron kept moving his prefects badge 
around, first placing it on his bedside table, then 
putting it into his jeans pocket, then taking it out and 
laying it on his folded robes, as though to see the 
effect of the red on the black. Only when Fred and 
George dropped in and offered to attach it to his 
forehead with a Permanent Sticking Charm did he 
wrap it tenderly in his maroon socks and lock it in his 
trunk. 

Mrs. Weasley returned from Diagon Alley around six 
oclock, laden with books and carrying a long package 
wrapped in thick brown paper that Ron took from her 
with a moan of longing. 

Never mind unwrapping it now, people are arriving 
for dinner, I want you all downstairs, she said, but 
the moment she was out of sight Ron ripped off the 
paper in a frenzy and examined every inch of his new 
broom, an ecstatic expression on his face. 

Down in the basement Mrs. Weasley had hung a 
scarlet banner over the heavily laden dinner table, 

  216Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




which read CONGRATULATIONS RON AND 
HERMIONE  NEW PREFECTS. She looked in a 
better mood than Harry had seen her all holiday. 

I thought wed have a little party, not a sitdown 
dinner, she told Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, 
and Ginny as they entered the room. Your father and 
Bill are on their way, Ron, Ive sent them both owls 
and theyre thrilled, she added, beaming. 

Fred rolled his eyes. 

Sirius, Lupin, Tonks, and Kingsley Shacklebolt were 
already there and MadEye Moody stumped in shortly 
after Harry had got himself a butterbeer. 

Oh, Alastor, I am glad youre here, said Mrs. 

Weasley brightly, as MadEye shrugged off his 
traveling cloak. Weve been wanting to ask you for 
ages  could you have a look in the writing desk in 
the drawing room and tell us whats inside it? We 
havent wanted to open it just in case its something 
really nasty. 

No problem, Molly ... 

Moodys electricblue eye swiveled upward and stared 
fixedly through the ceiling of the kitchen. 

Drawing room ... he growled, as the pupil 
contracted. Desk in the corner? Yeah, I see it... Yeah, 
its a boggart... Want me to go up and get rid of it, 
Molly? 

No, no, Ill do it myself later, beamed Mrs. Weasley. 
You have your drink. Were having a little bit of a 
celebration, actually... She gestured at the scarlet 
banner. Fourth prefect in the family! she said 
fondly, ruffling Rons hair. 

  217Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Prefect, eh? growled Moody, his normal eye on Ron 
and his magical eye swiveling around to gaze into the 
side of his head. Harry had the very uncomfortable 
feeling it was looking at him and moved away toward 
Sirius and Lupin. 

Well, congratulations, said Moody, still glaring at 
Ron with his normal eye, authority figures always 
attract trouble, but I suppose Dumbledore thinks you 
can withstand most major jinxes or he wouldnt have 
appointed you... 

Ron looked rather startled at this view of the matter 
but was saved the trouble of responding by the arrival 
of his father and eldest brother. Mrs. Weasley was in 
such a good mood she did not even complain that 
they had brought Mundungus with them too; he was 
wearing a long overcoat that seemed oddly lumpy in 
unlikely places and declined the offer to remove it and 
put it with Moodys traveling cloak. 

Well, I think a toast is in order, said Mr. Weasley, 
when everyone had a drink. He raised his goblet. To 
Ron and Hermione, the new Gryffindor prefects! 

Ron and Hermione beamed as everyone drank to 
them and then applauded. 

I was never a prefect myself, said Tonks brightly 
from behind Harry as everybody moved toward the 
table to help themselves to food. Her hair was tomato 
red and waist length today; she looked like Ginnys 
older sister. My Head of House said I lacked certain 
necessary qualities. 

Like what? said Ginny, who was choosing a baked 
potato. 

Like the ability to behave myself, said Tonks. 

  218Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ginny laughed; Hermione looked as though she did 
not know whether to smile or not and compromised 
by taking an extra large gulp of butterbeer and 
choking on it. 

What about you, Sirius? Ginny asked, thumping 
Hermione on the back. 

Sirius, who was right beside Harry, let out his usual 
barklike laugh. 

No one would have made me a prefect, I spent too 
much time in detention with James. Lupin was the 
good boy, he got the badge. 

I think Dumbledore might have hoped that I would 
be able to exercise some control over my best friends, 
said Lupin. I need scarcely say that I failed dismally. 

Harrys mood suddenly lifted. His father had not been 
a prefect either. All at once the party seemed much 
more enjoyable; he loaded up his plate, feeling 
unusually fond of everyone in the room. 

Ron was rhapsodizing about his new broom to 
anybody who would listen. 

"... naught to seventy in ten seconds, not bad, is it? 
When you think the Comet Two Ninetys only naught 
to sixty and thats with a decent tailwind according to 
Which Broomstick? 

Hermione was talking very earnestly to Lupin about 
her view of elf rights. 

I mean, its the same kind of nonsense as werewolf 
segregation, isnt it? It all stems from this horrible 
thing wizards have of thinking theyre superior to 
other creatures... 

  219Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Mrs. Weasley and Bill were having their usual 
argument about Bills hair. 

"... getting really out of hand, and youre so good 
looking, it would look much better shorter, wouldnt 
it, Harry? 

Oh  I dunno   said Harry, slightly alarmed at 
being asked his opinion; he slid away from them in 
the direction of Fred and George, who were huddled 
in a corner with Mundungus. 

Mundungus stopped talking when he saw Harry, but 
Fred winked and beckoned Harry closer. 

Its okay, he told Mundungus, we can trust Harry, 
hes our financial backer. 

Look what Dungs gotten us, said George, holding 
out his hand to Harry. It was full of what looked like 
shriveled black pods. A faint rattling noise was 
coming from them, even though they were completely 
stationary. 

Venomous Tentacula seeds, said George. We need 
them for the Skiving Snackboxes but theyre a Class 
C NonTradeable Substance so weve been having a 
bit of trouble getting hold of them. 

Ten Galleons the lot, then, Dung? said Fred. 

Wiv all the trouble I went to to get em? said 
Mundungus, his saggy, bloodshot eyes stretching 
even wider. Im sorry, lads, but Im not taking a Knut 
under twenty. 

Dung likes his little joke, Fred said to Harry. 



  220Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, his best one so far has been six Sickles for a 
bag of knarl quills, said George. 

Be careful, Harry warned them quietly. 

What? said Fred. Mums busy cooing over Prefect 
Ron, were okay. 

But Moody could have his eye on you, Harry pointed 
out. 

Mundungus looked nervously over his shoulder. 

Good point, that, he grunted. All right, lads, ten it 
is, if youll take em quick. 

Cheers, Harry! said Fred delightedly, when 
Mundungus had emptied his pockets into the twins 
outstretched hands and scuttled off toward the food. 
Wed better get these upstairs... 

Harry watched them go, feeling slightly uneasy. It had 
just occurred to him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley would 
want to know how Fred and George were financing 
their joke shop business when, as was inevitable, 
they finally found out about it. Giving the twins his 
Triwizard winnings had seemed a simple thing to do 
at the time, but what if it led to another family row 
and a Percylike estrangement? Would Mrs. Weasley 
still feel that Harry was as good as her son if she 
found out he had made it possible for Fred and 
George to start a career she thought quite 
unsuitable? 

Standing where the twins had left him with nothing 
but a guilty weight in the pit of his stomach for 
company, Harry caught the sound of his own name. 
Kingsley Shacklebolts deep voice was audible even 
over the surrounding chatter. 

  221Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




"... why Dumbledore didnt make Potter a prefect? 
said Kingsley. 

Hell have had his reasons, replied Lupin. 

But it wouldve shown confidence in him. Its what 
Idve done, persisted Kingsley,  specially with the 
Daily Prophet having a go at him every few days... 

Harry did not look around; he did not want Lupin or 
Kingsley to know he had heard. He followed 
Mundungus back toward the table, though not 
remotely hungry. His pleasure in the party had 
evaporated as quickly as it had come; he wished he 
were upstairs in bed. 

MadEye Moody was sniffing at a chicken leg with 
what remained of his nose; evidently he could not 
detect any trace of poison, because he then tore a 
strip off it with his teeth. 

"... the handles made of Spanish oak with antijinx 
varnish and inbuilt vibration control   Ron was 
saying to Tonks. 

Mrs. Weasley yawned widely. 

Well, I think Ill sort out that boggart before I turn 
in... Arthur, I dont want this lot up too late, all right? 
Night, Harry, dear. 

She left the kitchen. Harry set down his plate and 
wondered whether he could follow her without 
attracting attention. 

You all right, Potter? grunted Moody. 

Yeah, fine, lied Harry. 



  222Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Moody took a swig from his hip flask, his electric blue 
eye staring sideways at Harry. 

Come here, Ive got something that might interest 
you, he said. 

From an inner pocket of his robes Moody pulled a 
very tattered old Wizarding photograph. 

Original Order of the Phoenix, growled Moody. 
Found it last night when I was looking for my spare 
Invisibility Cloak, seeing as Podmore hasnt had the 
manners to return my best one... Thought people 
might like to see it. 

Harry took the photograph. A small crowd of people, 
some waving at him, others lifting their glasses, 
looked back up at him. 

Theres me, said Moody unnecessarily, pointing at 
himself. The Moody in the picture was unmistakable, 
though his hair was slightly less gray and his nose 
was intact. And theres Dumbledore beside me, 
Dedalus Diggle on the other side ... Thats Marlene 
McKinnon, she was killed two weeks after this was 
taken, they got her whole family. Thats Frank and 
Alice Longbottom   

Harrys stomach, already uncomfortable, clenched as 
he looked at Alice Longbottom; he knew her round, 
friendly face very well, even though he had never met 
her, because she was the image of her son, Neville. 

Poor devils, growled Moody. Better dead than what 
happened to them ... and thats Emmeline Vance, 
youve met her, and that theres Lupin, obviously ... 
Benjy Fenwick, he copped it too, we only ever found 
bits of him ... shift aside there, he added, poking the 
picture, and the little photographic people edged 
  223Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




sideways, so that those who were partially obscured 
could move to the front. 



Thats Edgar Bones ... brother of Amelia Bones, they 
got him and his family too, he was a great wizard ... 
Sturgis Podmore, blimey, he looks young ... Caradoc 
Dearborn, vanished six months after this, we never 
found his body ... Hagrid, of course, looks exactly the 
same as ever ... Elphias Doge, youve met him, Id 
forgotten he used to wear that stupid hat . . . Gideon 
Prewett, it took five Death Eaters to kill him and his 
brother Fabian, they fought like heroes ... budge 
along, budge along ... 

The little people in the photograph jostled among 
themselves, and those hidden right at the back 
appeared at the forefront of the picture. 

Thats Dumbledores brother, Aberforth, only time I 
ever met him, strange bloke ... Thats Dorcas 
Meadowes, Voldemort killed her personally ... Sirius, 
when he still had short hair ... and ... there you go, 
thought that would interest you! 

Harrys heart turned over. His mother and father were 
beaming up at him, sitting on either side of a small, 
wateryeyed man Harry recognized at once as 
Wormtail: He was the one who had betrayed their 
whereabouts to Voldemort and so helped bring about 
their deaths. 

Eh? said Moody. 

Harry looked up into Moodys heavily scarred and 
pitted face. Evidently Moody was under the 
impression he had just given Harry a bit of a treat. 

Yeah, said Harry, attempting to grin again. Er ... 
listen, Ive just remembered, I havent packed my ... 

  224Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He was spared the trouble of inventing an object he 
had not packed; Sirius had just said, Whats that 
youve got there, MadEye? and Moody had turned 
toward him. Harry crossed the kitchen, slipped 
through the door and up the stairs before anyone 
could call him back. 

He did not know why he had received such a shock; 
he had seen his parents pictures before, after all, and 
he had met Wormtail ... but to have them sprung on 
him like that, when he was least expecting it ... No 
one would like that, he thought angrily. . . 

And then, to see them surrounded by all those other 
happy faces ... Benjy Fenwick, who had been found in 
bits, and Gideon Prewett, who had died like a hero, 
and the Longbottoms, who had been tortured into 
madness ... all waving happily out of the photograph 
forevermore, not knowing that they were doomed... 
Well, Moody might find that interesting ... he, Harry, 
found it disturbing... 

Harry tiptoed up the stairs in the hall past the stuffed 
elf heads, glad to be on his own again, but as he 
approached the first landing he heard noises. 
Someone was sobbing in the drawing room. 

Hello? Harry said. 

There was no answer but the sobbing continued. He 
climbed the remaining stairs two at a time, walked 
across the landing, and opened the drawingroom 
door. 

Someone was cowering against the dark wall, her 
wand in her hand, her whole body shaking with sobs. 
Sprawled on the dusty old carpet in a patch of 
moonlight, clearly dead, was Ron. 



  225Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




All the air seemed to vanish from Harrys lungs; he 
felt as though he were falling through the floor; his 
brain turned icy cold  Ron dead, no, it couldnt be 



But wait a moment, it couldnt be  Ron was 
downstairs  

Mrs. Weasley? Harry croaked. 

 Rrriddikulus\ Mrs. Weasley sobbed, pointing her 
shaking wand at Rons body. 

Crack. 

Rons body turned into Bills, spreadeagled on his 
back, his eyes wide open and empty. Mrs. Weasley 
sobbed harder than ever. 

 Rriddikulus\ she sobbed again. 

Crack. 

Mr. Weasleys body replaced Bills, his glasses askew, 
a trickle of blood running down his face. 

No! Mrs. Weasley moaned. No ... riddikulus\ 
Riddikulusl RIDDIKULUSl 

Crack. Dead twins. Crack. Dead Percy. Crack. Dead 
Harry ... 

Mrs. Weasley, just get out of here! shouted Harry, 
staring down at his own dead body on the floor. Let 
someone else   

Whats going on? 



  226Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Lupin had come running into the room, closely 
followed by Sirius, with Moody stumping along behind 
them. Lupin looked from Mrs. Weasley to the dead 
Harry on the floor and seemed to understand in an 
instant. Pulling out his own wand he said, very firmly 
and clearly,  RiddikulusV 

Harrys body vanished. A silvery orb hung in the air 
over the spot where it had lain. Lupin waved his wand 
once more and the orb vanished in a puff of smoke. 

Oh  oh  oh! gulped Mrs. Weasley, and she broke 
into a storm of crying, her face in her hands. 

Molly, said Lupin bleakly, walking over to her, 

Molly, dont ... 

Next second she was sobbing her heart out on Lupins 
shoulder. 

Molly, it was just a boggart, he said soothingly, 
patting her on the head. Just a stupid boggart ... 

I see them dddead all the time! Mrs. Weasley 
moaned into his shoulder. All the tttime! I dd 
dream about it ... 

Sirius was staring at the patch of carpet where the 
boggart, pretending to be Harrys body, had lain. 
Moody was looking at Harry, who avoided his gaze. He 
had a funny feeling Moodys magical eye had followed 
him all the way out of the kitchen. 

Dddont tell Arthur, Mrs. Weasley was gulping 
now, mopping her eyes frantically with her cuffs. I d 
ddont want him to know... Being silly ... 

Lupin handed her a handkerchief and she blew her 
nose. 

  227Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry, Im so sorry, what must you think of me? she 
said shakily. Not even able to get rid of a boggart ... 

Dont be stupid, said Harry, trying to smile. 

Im just ssso worried, she said, tears spilling out of 
her eyes again. Half the fffamilys in the Order, itll 
bbbe a miracle if we all come through this... and P 
PPercys not talking to us... What if something dd 
dreadful happens and we had never mmmade up? 
And whats going to happen if Arthur and I get killed, 
whos gggoing to look after Ron and Ginny? 

Molly, thats enough, said Lupin firmly. This isnt 
like last time. The Order is better prepared, weve got 
a head start, we know what Voldemorts up to   

Mrs. Weasley gave a little squeak of fright at the 
sound of the name. 

Oh, Molly, come on, its about time you got used to 
hearing it  look, I cant promise no ones going to get 
hurt, nobody can promise that, but were much better 
off than we were last time, you werent in the Order 
then, you dont understand, last time we were 
outnumbered twenty to one by the Death Eaters and 
they were picking us off one by one... 

Harry thought of the photograph again, of his parents 
beaming faces. He knew Moody was still watching 
him. 

Dont worry about Percy, said Sirius abruptly. Hell 
come round. Its a matter of time before Voldemort 
moves into the open; once he does, the whole 
Ministrys going to be begging us to forgive them. And 
Im not sure Ill be accepting their apology, he added 
bitterly. 



  228Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And as for whos going to look after Ron and Ginny if 
you and Arthur died, said Lupin, smiling slightly, 
what do you think wed do, let them starve? 

Mrs. Weasley smiled tremulously. 

Being silly, she muttered again, mopping her eyes. 

But Harry, closing his bedroom door behind him 
some ten minutes later, could not think Mrs. Weasley 
silly. He could still see his parents beaming up at him 
from the tattered old photograph, unaware that their 
lives, like so many of those around them, were 
drawing to a close. The image of the boggart posing as 
the corpse of each member of Mrs. Weasleys family in 
turn kept flashing before his eyes. 

Without warning, the scar on his forehead seared 
with pain again and his stomach churned horribly. 

Cut it out, he said firmly, rubbing the scar as the 
pain receded again. 

First sign of madness, talking to your own head, 
said a sly voice from the empty picture on the wall. 

Harry ignored it. He felt older than he had ever felt in 
his life, and it seemed extraordinary to him that 
barely an hour ago he had been worried about a joke 
shop and who had gotten a prefects badge. 



  229Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




10 




LUNA LOVEGOOD 

Harry had a troubled nights sleep. His parents wove 
in and out of his dreams, never speaking; Mrs. 
Weasley sobbed over Kreachers dead body watched 
by Ron and Hermione, who were wearing crowns, and 
yet again Harry found himself walking down a 
corridor ending in a locked door. He awoke abruptly 
with his scar prickling to find Ron already dressed 
and talking to him. 

"... better hurry up, Mums going ballistic, she says 
were going to miss the train... 

There was a lot of commotion in the house. From 
what he heard as he dressed at top speed, Harry 
gathered that Fred and George had bewitched their 
trunks to fly downstairs to save the bother of carrying 
them, with the result that they had hurtled straight 
into Ginny and knocked her down two flights of stairs 
into the hall; Mrs. Black and Mrs. Weasley were both 
screaming at the top of their voices. 



  230Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



COULD HAVE DONE HER A SERIOUS INJURY, 
YOU IDIOTS   

FILTHY HALFBREEDS, BESMIRCHING THE 
HOUSE OF MY FATHERS   

Hermione came hurrying into the room looking 
flustered just as Harry was putting on his trainers; 
Hedwig was swaying on her shoulder, and she was 
carrying a squirming Crookshanks in her arms. 

Mum and Dad just sent Hedwig back  the owl 
fluttered obligingly over and perched on top of her 
cage  are you ready yet? 

Nearly  Ginny all right? Harry asked, shoving on 
his glasses. 

Mrs. Weasleys patched her up, said Hermione. But 
now MadEyes complaining that we cant leave unless 
Sturgis Podmores here, otherwise the guard will be 
one short. 

Guard? said Harry. We have to go to Kings Cross 
with a guard? 

 You have to go to Kings Cross with a guard, 
Hermione corrected him. 

Why? said Harry irritably. I thought Voldemort was 
supposed to be lying low, or are you telling me hes 
going to jump out from behind a dustbin to try and do 
me in? 

I dont know, its just what MadEye says, said 
Hermione distractedly, looking at her watch. But if 
we dont leave soon were definitely going to miss the 
train... 



  231Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




WILL YOU LOT GET DOWN HERE NOW, PLEASE! 
Mrs. Weasley bellowed and Hermione jumped as 
though scalded and hurried out of the room. Harry 
seized Hedwig, stuffed her unceremoniously into her 
cage, and set off downstairs after Hermione, dragging 
his trunk. 

Mrs. Blacks portrait was howling with rage but 
nobody was bothering to close the curtains over her; 
all the noise in the hall was bound to rouse her again 
anyway. 

Harry, youre to come with me and Tonks, shouted 
Mrs. Weasley over the repeated screeches of 
MUDBLOODSl SCUM CREATURES OF DIRV. Leave 
your trunk and your owl, Alastors going to deal with 
the luggage... Oh, for heavens sake, Sirius, 
Dumbledore said no! 

A bearlike black dog had appeared at Harrys side as 
Harry clambered over the various trunks cluttering 
the hall to get to Mrs. Weasley. 

Oh honestly ... said Mrs. Weasley despairingly, 
well, on your own head be it! 

She wrenched open the front door and stepped out 
into the weak September sunlight. Harry and the dog 
followed her. The door slammed behind them and 
Mrs. Blacks screeches were cut off instantly. 

Wheres Tonks? Harry said, looking around as they 
went down the stone steps of number twelve, which 
vanished the moment they reached the pavement. 

Shes waiting for us just up here, said Mrs. Weasley 
stiffly, averting her eyes from the lolloping black dog 
beside Harry. 



  232Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




An old woman greeted them on the corner. She had 
tightly curled gray hair and wore a purple hat shaped 
like a porkpie. 

Wotcher, Harry, she said, winking. Better hurry up, 
hadnt we, Molly? she added, checking her watch. 

I know, I know, moaned Mrs. Weasley, lengthening 
her stride, but MadEye wanted to wait for Sturgis... 
If only Arthur could have got us cars from the 
Ministry again ... but Fudge wouldnt let him borrow 
so much as an empty ink bottle these days... How 
Muggles can stand traveling without magic ... 

But the great black dog gave a joyful bark and 
gamboled around them, snapping at pigeons, and 
chasing its own tail. Harry couldnt help laughing. 
Sirius had been trapped inside for a very long time. 
Mrs. Weasley pursed her lips in an almost Aunt 
Petuniaish way. 

It took them twenty minutes to reach Kings Cross by 
foot and nothing more eventful happened during that 
time than Sirius scaring a couple of cats for Harrys 
entertainment. Once inside the station they lingered 
casually beside the barrier between platforms nine 
and ten until the coast was clear, then each of them 
leaned against it in turn and fell easily through onto 
platform nine and three quarters, where the Hogwarts 
Express stood belching sooty steam over a platform 
packed with departing students and their families. 
Harry inhaled the familiar smell and felt his spirits 
soar. . . He was really going back. . . 

I hope the others make it in time, said Mrs. Weasley 
anxiously, staring behind her at the wroughtiron 
arch spanning the platform, through which new 
arrivals would come. 



  233Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Nice dog, Harry! called a tall boy with dreadlocks. 

Thanks, Lee, said Harry, grinning, as Sirius wagged 
his tail frantically. 

Oh good, said Mrs. Weasley, sounding relieved, 
heres Alas tor with the luggage, look ... 

A porters cap pulled low over his mismatched eyes, 
Moody came limping through the archway pushing a 
cart full of their trunks. 

All okay, he muttered to Mrs. Weasley and Tonks. 
Dont think we were followed... 

Seconds later, Mr. Weasley emerged onto the platform 
with Ron and Hermione. They had almost unloaded 
Moodys luggage cart when Fred, George, and Ginny 
turned up with Lupin. 

No trouble? growled Moody. 

Nothing, said Lupin. 

Ill still be reporting Sturgis to Dumbledore, said 
Moody. Thats the second time hes not turned up in 
a week. Getting as unreliable as Mundungus. 

Well, look after yourselves, said Lupin, shaking 
hands all round. He reached Harry last and gave him 
a clap on the shoulder. You too, Harry. Be careful. 

Yeah, keep your head down and your eyes peeled, 
said Moody, shaking Harrys hand too. And dont 
forget, all of you  careful what you put in writing. If 
in doubt, dont put it in a letter at all. 



  234Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Its been great meeting all of you, said Tonks, 
hugging Hermione and Ginny. Well see you soon, I 
expect. 

A warning whistle sounded; the students still on the 
platform started hurrying onto the train. 

Quick, quick, said Mrs. Weasley distractedly, 
hugging them at random and catching Harry twice. 
Write... Be good... If youve forgotten anything well 
send it on... Onto the train, now, hurry... 

For one brief moment, the great black dog reared onto 
its hind legs and placed its front paws on Harrys 
shoulders, but Mrs. Weasley shoved Harry away 
toward the train door hissing, For heavens sake act 
more like a dog, Sirius! 

See you! Harry called out of the open window as the 
train began to move, while Ron, Hermione, and Ginny 
waved beside him. The figures of Tonks, Lupin, 

Moody, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley shrank rapidly but 
the black dog was bounding alongside the window, 
wagging its tail; blurred people on the platform were 
laughing to see it chasing the train, and then they 
turned the corner, and Sirius was gone. 

He shouldnt have come with us, said Hermione in a 
worried voice. 

Oh lighten up, said Ron, he hasnt seen daylight for 
months, poor bloke. 

Well, said Fred, clapping his hands together, cant 
stand around chatting all day, weve got business to 
discuss with Lee. See you later, and he and George 
disappeared down the corridor to the right. 



  235Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The train was gathering still more speed, so that the 
houses outside the window flashed past and they 
swayed where they stood. 

Shall we go and find a compartment, then? Harry 
asked Ron and Hermione. 

Ron and Hermione exchanged looks. 

Er, said Ron. 

Were  well  Ron and I are supposed to go into 
the prefect carriage, Hermione said awkwardly. 

Ron wasnt looking at Harry; he seemed to have 
become intensely interested in the fingernails on his 
left hand. 

Oh, said Harry. Right. Fine. 

I dont think well have to stay there all journey, said 
Hermione quickly. Our letters said we just get 
instructions from the Head Boy and Girl and then 
patrol the corridors from time to time. 

Fine, said Harry again. Well, II might see you later, 
then. 

Yeah, definitely, said Ron, casting a shifty, anxious 
look at Harry. Its a pain having to go down there, Id 
rather  but we have to  I mean, Im not enjoying 
it, Im not Percy, he finished defiantly. 

I know youre not, said Harry and he grinned. But 
as Hermione and Ron dragged their trunks, 
Crookshanks, and a caged Pigwidgeon off toward the 
engine end of the train, Harry felt an odd sense of 
loss. He had never traveled on the Hogwarts Express 
without Ron. 

  236Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Come on, Ginny told him, if we get a move on well 
be able to save them places. 

Right, said Harry, picking up Hedwigs cage in one 
hand and the handle of his trunk in the other. They 
struggled off down the corridor, peering through the 
glasspaneled doors into the compartments they 
passed, which were already full. Harry could not help 
noticing that a lot of people stared back at him with 
great interest and that several of them nudged their 
neighbors and pointed him out. After he had met this 
behavior in five consecutive carriages he remembered 
that the Daily Prophet had been telling its readers all 
summer what a lying showoff he was. He wondered 
bleakly whether the people now staring and 
whispering believed the stories. 

In the very last carriage they met Neville Longbottom, 
Harrys fellow fifthyear Gryffindor, his round face 
shining with the effort of pulling his trunk along and 
maintaining a onehanded grip on his struggling toad, 
Trevor. 

Hi, Harry, he panted. Hi, Ginny... Everywhere s 
full... I cant find a seat... 

What are you talking about? said Ginny, who had 
squeezed past Neville to peer into the compartment 
behind him. Theres room in this one, theres only 
Loony Lovegood in here   

Neville mumbled something about not wanting to 
disturb anyone. 

Dont be silly, said Ginny, laughing, shes all right. 

She slid the door open and pulled her trunk inside it. 
Harry and Neville followed. 



  237Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hi, Luna, said Ginny. Is it okay if we take these 
seats? 

The girl beside the window looked up. She had 
straggly, waistlength, dirtyblond hair, very pale 
eyebrows, and protuberant eyes that gave her a 
permanently surprised look. Harry knew at once why 
Neville had chosen to pass this compartment by. The 
girl gave off an aura of distinct dottiness. Perhaps it 
was the fact that she had stuck her wand behind her 
left ear for safekeeping, or that she had chosen to 
wear a necklace of butterbeer caps, or that she was 
reading a magazine upside down. Her eyes ranged 
over Neville and came to rest on Harry. She nodded. 

Thanks, said Ginny, smiling at her. 

Harry and Neville stowed the three trunks and 
Hedwigs cage in the luggage rack and sat down. The 
girl called Luna watched them over her upsidedown 
magazine, which was called The Quibbler. She did not 
seem to need to blink as much as normal humans. 

She stared and stared at Harry, who had taken the 
seat opposite her and now wished he had not. 

Had a good summer, Luna? Ginny asked. 

Yes, said Luna dreamily, without taking her eyes off 
Harry. Yes, it was quite enjoyable, you know. Youre 
Harry Potter, she added. 

I know I am, said Harry. 

Neville chuckled. Luna turned her pale eyes upon him 
instead. 

And I dont know who you are. 

Im nobody, said Neville hurriedly. 

  238Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No youre not, said Ginny sharply. Neville 
Longbottom  Luna Lovegood. Lunas in my year, but 
in Ravenclaw. 

 Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure, said 
Luna in a singsong voice. 

She raised her upsidedown magazine high enough to 
hide her face and fell silent. Harry and Neville looked 
at each other with their eyebrows raised. Ginny 
suppressed a giggle. 

The train rattled onward, speeding them out into 
open country. It was an odd, unsettled sort of day; 
one moment the carriage was full of sunlight and the 
next they were passing beneath ominously gray 
clouds. 

Guess what I got for my birthday? said Neville. 

Another Remembrall? said Harry, remembering the 
marblelike device Nevilles grandmother had sent him 
in an effort to improve his abysmal memory. 

No, said Neville, I could do with one, though, I lost 
the old one ages ago... No, look at this... 

He dug the hand that was not keeping a firm grip on 
Trevor into his schoolbag and after a little bit of 
rummaging pulled out what appeared to be a small 
gray cactus in a pot, except that it was covered with 
what looked like boils rather than spines. 

Mimbulus mimbletonia, he said proudly. 

Harry stared at the thing. It was pulsating slightly, 
giving it the rather sinister look of some diseased 
internal organ. 



  239Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Its really, really rare, said Neville, beaming. I dont 
know if theres one in the greenhouse at Hogwarts, 
even. I cant wait to show it to Professor Sprout. My 
greatuncle Algie got it for me in Assyria. Im going to 
see if I can breed from it. 

Harry knew that Nevilles favorite subject was 
Herbology, but for the life of him he could not see 
what he would want with this stunted little plant. 

Does it  er  do anything? he asked. 

Loads of stuff! said Neville proudly. Its got an 
amazing defensive mechanism  hold Trevor for 
me... 

He dumped the toad into Harrys lap and took a quill 
from his schoolbag. Luna Lovegoods popping eyes 
appeared over the top of her upsidedown magazine 
again, watching what Neville was doing. Neville held 
the Mimbulus mimbletonia up to his eyes, his tongue 
between his teeth, chose his spot, and gave the plant 
a sharp prod with the tip of his quill. 

Liquid squirted from every boil on the plant, thick, 
stinking, darkgreen jets of it; they hit the ceiling, the 
windows, and spattered Luna Lovegoods magazine. 
Ginny, who had flung her arms up in front of her face 
just in time, merely looked as though she was 
wearing a slimy green hat, but Harry, whose hands 
had been busy preventing the escape of Trevor, 
received a face full. It smelled like rancid manure. 

Neville, whose face and torso were also drenched, 
shook his head to get the worst out of his eyes. 

Ssorry, he gasped. I havent tried that before... 
Didnt realize it would be quite so ... Dont worry, 



  240Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




though, Stinksaps not poisonous, he added 
nervously, as Harry spat a mouthful onto the floor. 



At that precise moment the door of their compartment 
slid open. 

Oh ... hello, Harry, said a nervous voice. Um ... bad 
time? 

Harry wiped the lenses of his glasses with his Trevor 
free hand. A very pretty girl with long, shiny black 
hair was standing in the doorway smiling at him: Cho 
Chang, the Seeker on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. 

Oh ... hi, said Harry blankly. 

Um ... said Cho. Well ... just thought Id say hello 
... bye then. 

She closed the door again, rather pink in the face, 
and departed. Harry slumped back in his seat and 
groaned. He would have liked Cho to discover him 
sitting with a group of very cool people laughing their 
heads off at a joke he had just told; he would not 
have chosen to be sitting with Neville and Loony 
Lovegood, clutching a toad and dripping in Stinksap. 

Never mind, said Ginny bracingly. Look, we can get 
rid of all this easily. She pulled out her wand. 

 Scour gif yY 

The Stinksap vanished. 

Sorry, said Neville again, in a small voice. 

Ron and Hermione did not turn up for nearly an 
hour, by which time the food trolley had already gone 
by. Harry, Ginny, and Neville had finished their 
Pumpkin Pasties and were busy swapping Chocolate 

  241Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Frog cards when the compartment door slid open and 
they walked in, accompanied by Crookshanks and a 
shrilly hooting Pigwidgeon in his cage. 

Im starving, said Ron, stowing Pigwidgeon next to 
Hedwig, grabbing a Chocolate Frog from Harry and 
throwing himself into the seat next to him. He ripped 
open the wrapper, bit off the Frogs head, and leaned 
back with his eyes closed as though he had had a 
very exhausting morning. 

Well, there are two fifthyear prefects from each 
House, said Hermione, looking thoroughly 
disgruntled as she took her seat. Boy and girl from 
each. 

And guess whos a Slytherin prefect? said Ron, still 
with his eyes closed. 

Malfoy, replied Harry at once, his worst fear 
confirmed. 

 Course, said Ron bitterly, stuffing the rest of the 
Frog into his mouth and taking another. 

And that complete cow Pansy Parkinson, said 
Hermione viciously. How she got to be a prefect when 
shes thicker than a concussed troll ... 

Whos Hufflepuff? Harry asked. 

Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott, said Ron 
thickly. 

And Anthony Goldstein and Padma Patil for 
Ravenclaw, said Hermione. 

You went to the Yule Ball with Padma Patil, said a 
vague voice. 

  242Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Everyone turned to look at Luna Lovegood, who was 
gazing unblinkingly at Ron over the top of The 
Quibbler. He swallowed his mouthful of Frog. 

Yeah, I know I did, he said, looking mildly 
surprised. 

She didnt enjoy it very much, Luna informed him. 
She doesnt think you treated her very well, because 
you wouldnt dance with her. I dont think Id have 
minded, she added thoughtfully, I dont like dancing 
very much. 

She retreated behind The Quibbler again. Ron stared 
at the cover with his mouth hanging open for a few 
seconds, then looked around at Ginny for some kind 
of explanation, but Ginny had stuffed her knuckles in 
her mouth to stop herself giggling. Ron shook his 
head, bemused, then checked his watch. 

Were supposed to patrol the corridors every so 
often, he told Harry and Neville, and we can give out 
punishments if people are misbehaving. I cant wait to 
get Crabbe and Goyle for something... 

Youre not supposed to abuse your position, Ron! 
said Hermione sharply. 

Yeah, right, because Malfoy wont abuse it at all, 
said Ron sarcastically. 

So youre going to descend to his level? 

No, Im just going to make sure I get his mates before 
he gets mine. 

For heavens sake, Ron   



  243Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ill make Goyle do lines, itll kill him, he hates 
writing, said Ron happily. He lowered his voice to 
Goyle s low grunt and, screwing up his face in a look 
of pained concentration, mimed writing in midair. I 
... must ... not ... look ... like ... a ... baboons ... 
backside... 

Everyone laughed, but nobody laughed harder than 
Luna Lovegood. She let out a scream of mirth that 
caused Hedwig to wake up and flap her wings 
indignantly and Crookshanks to leap up into the 
luggage rack, hissing. She laughed so hard that her 
magazine slipped out of her grasp, slid down her legs, 
and onto the floor. 

That was funny\ 

Her prominent eyes swam with tears as she gasped 
for breath, staring at Ron. Utterly nonplussed, he 
looked around at the others, who were now laughing 
at the expression on Rons face and at the ludicrously 
prolonged laughter of Luna Lovegood, who was 
rocking backward and forward, clutching her sides. 

Are you taking the mickey? said Ron, frowning at 
her. 

Baboons ... backside! she choked, holding her ribs. 

Everyone else was watching Luna laughing, but 
Harry, glancing at the magazine on the floor, noticed 
something that made him dive for it. Upside down it 
had been hard to tell what the picture on the front 
was, but Harry now realized it was a fairly bad 
cartoon of Cornelius Fudge; Harry only recognized 
him because of the limegreen bowler hat. One of 
Fudges hands was clenched around a bag of gold; the 
other hand was throttling a goblin. The cartoon was 
captioned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts? 
  244Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Beneath this were listed the titles of other articles 
inside the magazine. 

CORRUPTION IN THE QUIDDITCH LEAGUE: 

How the Tornados Are Taking Control 
SECRETS OF THE ANCIENT RUNES REVEALED 
SIRIUS BLACK: Villain or Victim? 

Can I have a look at this? Harry asked Luna eagerly. 

She nodded, still gazing at Ron, breathless with 
laughter. 

Harry opened the magazine and scanned the index; 
until this moment he had completely forgotten the 
magazine Kingsley had handed Mr. Weasley to give to 
Sirius, but it must have been this edition of The 
Quibbler. He found the  and turned excitedly to 
the article. 

This too was illustrated by a rather bad cartoon; in 
fact, Harry would not have known it was supposed to 
be Sirius if it hadnt been captioned. Sirius was 
standing on a pile of human bones with his wand out. 
The headline on the article read: 

SIRIUS  Black As Hes Painted? 

Notorious Mass Murderer OR Innocent Singing 
Sensation? 

Harry had to read this sentence several times before 
he was convinced that he had not misunderstood it. 
Since when had Sirius been a singing sensation? 



  245Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




For fourteen years Sirius Black has been believed 
guilty of the mass murder of twelve innocent Muggles 
and one wizard. Blacks audacious escape from 
Azkaban two years ago has led to the widest manhunt 
ever conducted by the Ministry of Magic. None of us 
has ever questioned that he deserves to be recaptured 
and handed back to the dementors. 

BUT DOES HE? 

Startling new evidence has recently come to light that 
Sirius Black may not have committed the crimes for 
which he was sent to Azkaban. In fact, says Doris 
Purkiss, of 18 Acanthia Way, Little Norton, Black may 
not even have been present at the killings. 

What people dont realize is that Sirius Black is a 
false name,  says Mrs. Purkiss. The man people 
believe to be Sirius Black is actually Stubby 
Boardman, lead singer of the popular singing group 
The Hobgoblins, who retired from public life after being 
struck in the ear by a turnip at a concert in Little 
Norton Church Hall nearly fifteen years ago. I 
recognized him the moment I saw his picture in the 
paper. Now, Stubby couldnt possibly have committed 
those crimes, because on the day in question he 
happened to be enjoying a romantic candlelit dinner 
with me. I have written to the Minister of Magic and am 
expecting him to give Stubby, alias Sirius, a full pardon 
any day now.  

Harry finished reading and stared at the  in 
disbelief. Perhaps it was a joke, he thought, perhaps 
the magazine often printed spoof items. He flicked 
back a few s and found the piece on Fudge. 

Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic, denied that 
he had any plans to take over the running of the 
Wizarding Bank, Gringotts, when he was elected 

  246Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Minister of Magic five years ago. Fudge has always 
insisted that he wants nothing more than to 
cooperate peacefully with the guardians of our gold. 

BUT DOES HE? 

Sources close to the Minister have recently disclosed 
that Fudges dearest ambition is to seize control of the 
goblin gold supplies and that he will not hesitate to 
use force if need be. 

It wouldnt be the first time, either, said a Ministry 
insider. Cornelius GoblinCrusher Fudge, thats what 
his friends call him, if you could hear him when he 
thinks no ones listening, oh, hes always talking about 
the goblins hes had done in; hes had them drowned, 
hes had them dropped off buildings, hes had them 
poisoned, hes had them cooked in pies... 



Harry did not read any further. Fudge might have 
many faults but Harry found it extremely hard to 
imagine him ordering goblins to be cooked in pies. He 
flicked through the rest of the magazine. Pausing 
every few s he read an accusation that the 
Tutshill Tornados were winning the Quidditch League 
by a combination of blackmail, illegal broom 
tampering, and torture; an interview with a wizard 
who claimed to have flown to the moon on a 
Cleansweep Six and brought back a bag of moon frogs 
to prove it; and an article on ancient runes, which at 
least explained why Luna had been reading The 
Quibbler upside down. According to the magazine, if 
you turned the runes on their heads they revealed a 
spell to make your enemys ears turn into kumquats. 
In fact, compared to the rest of the articles in The 
Quibbler, the suggestion that Sirius might really be 
the lead singer of The Hobgoblins was quite sensible. 
  247Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Anything good in there? asked Ron as Harry closed 
the magazine. 

Of course not, said Hermione scathingly, before 
Harry could answer,  The Quibblers rubbish, 
everyone knows that. 

Excuse me, said Luna; her voice had suddenly lost 
its dreamy quality. My fathers the editor. 

I  oh, said Hermione, looking embarrassed. Well 
... its got some interesting ... I mean, its quite ... 

Ill have it back, thank you, said Luna coldly, and 
leaning forward she snatched it out of Harrys hands. 
Rifling through it to  fiftyseven, she turned it 
resolutely upside down again and disappeared behind 
it, just as the compartment door opened for the third 
time. Harry looked around; he had expected this, but 
that did not make the sight of Draco Malfoy smirking 
at him from between his cronies Crabbe and Goyle 
any more enjoyable. 

What? he said aggressively, before Malfoy could 
open his mouth. 

Manners, Potter, or Ill have to give you a detention, 
drawled Malfoy, whose sleek blond hair and pointed 
chin were just like his fathers. You see, I, unlike 
you, have been made a prefect, which means that I, 
unlike you, have the power to hand out 
punishments. 

Yeah, said Harry, but you, unlike me, are a git, so 
get out and leave us alone. 

Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville laughed. Malfoys 
lip curled. 



  248Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tell me, how does it feel being secondbest to 
Weasley, Potter? he asked. 

Shut up, Malfoy, said Hermione sharply. 

I seem to have touched a nerve, said Malfoy, 
smirking. Well, just watch yourself, Potter, because 
Ill be dogging your footsteps in case you step out of 
line. 

Get out! said Hermione, standing up. 

Sniggering, Malfoy gave Harry a last malicious look 
and departed, Crabbe and Goyle lumbering in his 
wake. Hermione slammed the compartment door 
behind them and turned to look at Harry, who knew 
at once that she, like him, had registered what Malfoy 
had said and been just as unnerved by it. 

Chuck us another Frog, said Ron, who had clearly 
noticed nothing. 

Harry could not talk freely in front of Neville and 
Luna. He exchanged another nervous look with 
Hermione and then stared out of the window. 

He had thought Sirius coming with him to the station 
was a bit of a laugh, but suddenly it seemed reckless, 
if not downright dangerous... Hermione had been 
right... Sirius should not have come. What if Mr. 
Malfoy had noticed the black dog and told Draco, 
what if he had deduced that the Weasleys, Lupin, 
Tonks, and Moody knew where Sirius was hiding? Or 
had Malfoys use of the word dogging been a 
coincidence? 

The weather remained undecided as they traveled 
farther and farther north. Rain spattered the windows 
in a halfhearted way, then the sun put in a feeble 

  249Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




appearance before clouds drifted over it once more. 
When darkness fell and lamps came on inside the 
carriages, Luna rolled up The Quibbler, put it 
carefully away in her bag, and took to staring at 
everyone in the compartment instead. 

Harry was sitting with his forehead pressed against 
the train window, trying to get a first distant glimpse 
of Hogwarts, but it was a moonless night and the 
rainstreaked window was grimy. 

Wed better change, said Hermione at last. She and 
Ron pinned their prefect badges carefully to their 
chests. Harry saw Ron checking how it looked in the 
black window. 

At last the train began to slow down and they heard 
the usual racket up and down it as everybody 
scrambled to get their luggage and pets assembled, 
ready for departure. Ron and Hermione were 
supposed to supervise all this; they disappeared from 
the carriage again, leaving Harry and the others to 
look after Crookshanks and Pigwidgeon. 

Ill carry that owl, if you like, said Luna to Harry, 
reaching out for Pigwidgeon as Neville stowed Trevor 
carefully in an inside pocket. 

Oh  er  thanks, said Harry, handing her the 
cage and hoisting Hedwigs more securely into his 
arms. 

They shuffled out of the compartment feeling the first 
sting of the night air on their faces as they joined the 
crowd in the corridor. Slowly they moved toward the 
doors. Harry could smell the pine trees that lined the 
path down to the lake. He stepped down onto the 
platform and looked around, listening for the familiar 
call of Firs years over here ... firs years ... 

  250Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But it did not come. Instead a quite different voice, a 
brisk female one, was calling, First years line up over 
here, please! All first years to me! 

A lantern came swinging toward Harry and by its light 
he saw the prominent chin and severe haircut of 
Professor GrubblyPlank, the witch who had taken 
over Hagrid s Care of Magical Creatures lessons for a 
while the previous year. 

Wheres Hagrid? he said out loud. 

I dont know, said Ginny, but wed better get out of 
the way, were blocking the door. 

Oh yeah ... 

Harry and Ginny became separated as they moved off 
along the platform and out through the station. 
Jostled by the crowd, Harry squinted through the 
darkness for a glimpse of Hagrid; he had to be here, 
Harry had been relying on it  seeing Hagrid again 
had been one of the things to which he had been 
looking forward most. But there was no sign of him at 
all. 

He cant have left, Harry told himself as he shuffled 
slowly through a narrow doorway onto the road 
outside with the rest of the crowd. Hes just got a cold 
or something... 

He looked around for Ron or Hermione, wanting to 
know what they thought about the reappearance of 
Professor GrubblyPlank, but neither of them was 
anywhere near him, so he allowed himself to be 
shunted forward onto the dark rainwashed road 
outside Hogsmeade station. 



  251Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Here stood the hundred or so horseless stagecoaches 
that always took the students above first year up to 
the castle. Harry glanced quickly at them, turned 
away to keep a lookout for Ron and Hermione, then 
did a double take. 

The coaches were no longer horseless. There were 
creatures standing between the carriage shafts; if he 
had had to give them a name, he supposed he would 
have called them horses, though there was something 
reptilian about them, too. They were completely 
fleshless, their black coats clinging to their skeletons, 
of which every bone was visible. Their heads were 
dragonish, and their pupilless eyes white and 
staring. Wings sprouted from each wither  vast, 
black leathery wings that looked as though they 
ought to belong to giant bats. Standing still and quiet 
in the gloom, the creatures looked eerie and sinister. 
Harry could not understand why the coaches were 
being pulled by these horrible horses when they were 
quite capable of moving along by themselves. 

Wheres Pig? said Rons voice, right behind Harry. 

That Luna girl was carrying him, said Harry, 
turning quickly, eager to consult Ron about Hagrid. 
Where dyou reckon   

  Hagrid is? I dunno, said Ron, sounding worried. 
Hed better be okay... 

A short distance away, Draco Malfoy, followed by a 
small gang of cronies including Crabbe, Goyle, and 
Pansy Parkinson, was pushing some timidlooking 
second years out of the way so that they could get a 
coach to themselves. Seconds later Hermione emerged 
panting from the crowd. 



  252Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Malfoy was being absolutely foul to a first year back 
there, I swear Im going to report him, hes only had 
his badge three minutes and hes using it to bully 
people worse than ever... Wheres Crookshanks? 

Ginnys got him, said Harry. There she is... 

Ginny had just emerged from the crowd, clutching a 
squirming Crookshanks. 

Thanks, said Hermione, relieving Ginny of the cat. 
Come on, lets get a carriage together before they all 
fillup... 

I havent got Pig yet! Ron said, but Hermione was 
already heading off toward the nearest unoccupied 
coach. Harry remained behind with Ron. 

What are those things, dyou reckon? he asked Ron, 
nodding at the horrible horses as the other students 
surged past them. 

What things? 

Those horse   

Luna appeared holding Pigwidgeons cage in her 
arms; the tiny owl was twittering excitedly as usual. 

Here you are, she said. Hes a sweet little owl, isnt 
he? 

Er ... yeah ... Hes all right, said Ron gruffly. Well, 
come on then, lets get in... what were you saying, 
Harry? 

I was saying, what are those horse things? Harry 
said, as he, Ron, and Luna made for the carriage in 
which Hermione and Ginny were already sitting. 

  253Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What horse things? 



The horse things pulling the carriages! said Harry 
impatiently; they were, after all, about three feet from 
the nearest one; it was watching them with empty 
white eyes. Ron, however, gave Harry a perplexed 
look. 

What are you talking about? 

Im talking about  look! 

Harry grabbed Rons arm and wheeled him about so 
that he was facetoface with the winged horse. Ron 
stared straight at it for a second, then looked back at 
Harry. 

What am I supposed to be looking at? 

At the  there, between the shafts! Harnessed to the 
coach! Its right there in front   

But as Ron continued to look bemused, a strange 
thought occurred to Harry. 

Cant ... cant you see them? 

See what? 

Cant you see whats pulling the carriages? 

Ron looked seriously alarmed now. 

Are you feeling all right, Harry? 

I ... yeah ... 

Harry felt utterly bewildered. The horse was there in 
front of him, gleaming solidly in the dim light issuing 

  254Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




from the station windows behind them, vapor rising 
from its nostrils in the chilly night air. Yet unless Ron 
was faking  and it was a very feeble joke if he was  
Ron could not see it at all. 

Shall we get in, then? said Ron uncertainly, looking 
at Harry as though worried about him. 

Yeah, said Harry. Yeah, go on ... 

Its all right, said a dreamy voice from beside Harry 
as Ron vanished into the coachs dark interior. 

Youre not going mad or anything. I can see them 
too. 

Can you? said Harry desperately, turning to Luna. 
He could see the batwinged horses reflected in her 
wide, silvery eyes. 

Oh yes, said Luna, Ive been able to see them ever 
since my first day here. Theyve always pulled the 
carriages. Dont worry. Youre just as sane as I am. 

Smiling faintly, she climbed into the musty interior of 
the carriage after Ron. Not altogether reassured, 

Harry followed her. 



  255Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




XX 




THE SORTING HATS NEW SONG 

Harry did not want to tell the others that he and Luna 
were having the same hallucination, if that was what 
it was, so he said nothing about the horses as he sat 
down inside the carriage and slammed the door 
behind him. Nevertheless, he could not help watching 
the silhouettes of the horses moving beyond the 
window. 

Did everyone see that GrubblyPlank woman? asked 
Ginny. Whats she doing back here? Hagrid cant 
have left, can he? 

Ill be quite glad if he has, said Luna. He isnt a 
very good teacher, is he? 

Yes, he is! said Harry, Ron, and Ginny angrily. 

Harry glared at Hermione; she cleared her throat and 
quickly said, Erm ... yes ... hes very good. 

Well, we think hes a bit of a joke in Ravenclaw, said 
Luna, unfazed. 

  256Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Youve got a rubbish sense of humor then, Ron 
snapped, as the wheels below them creaked into 
motion. 

Luna did not seem perturbed by Rons rudeness; on 
the contrary, she simply watched him for a while as 
though he were a mildly interesting television 
program. 

Rattling and swaying, the carriages moved in convoy 
up the road. When they passed between the tall stone 
pillars topped with winged boars on either side of the 
gates to the school grounds, Harry leaned forward to 
try and see whether there were any lights on in 
Hagrids cabin by the Forbidden Forest, but the 
grounds were in complete darkness. Hogwarts Castle, 
however, loomed ever closer: a towering mass of 
turrets, jetblack against the dark sky, here and there 
a window blazing fiery bright above them. 

The carriages jingled to a halt near the stone steps 
leading up to the oak front doors and Harry got out of 
the carriage first. He turned again to look for lit 
windows down by the forest, but there was definitely 
no sign of life within Hagrids cabin. Unwillingly, 
because he had half hoped they would have vanished, 
he turned his eyes instead upon the strange, skeletal 
creatures standing quietly in the chill night air, their 
blank white eyes gleaming. 

Harry had once before had the experience of seeing 
something that Ron could not, but that had been a 
reflection in a mirror, something much more 
insubstantial than a hundred very solidlooking 
beasts strong enough to pull a fleet of carriages. If 
Luna was to be believed, the beasts had always been 
there but invisible; why, then, could Harry suddenly 
see them, and why could Ron not? 



  257Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Are you coming or what? said Ron beside him. 



Oh ... yeah, said Harry quickly, and they joined the 
crowd hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. 

The entrance hall was ablaze with torches and 
echoing with footsteps as the students crossed the 
flagged stone floor for the double doors to the right, 
leading to the Great Hall and the startofterm feast. 

The four long House tables in the Great Hall were 
filling up under the starless black ceiling, which was 
just like the sky they could glimpse through the high 
windows. Candles floated in midair all along the 
tables, illuminating the silvery ghosts who were 
dotted about the Hall and the faces of the students 
talking eagerly to one another, exchanging summer 
news, shouting greetings at friends from other 
Houses, eyeing one anothers new haircuts and robes. 
Again Harry noticed people putting their heads 
together to whisper as he passed; he gritted his teeth 
and tried to act as though he neither noticed nor 
cared. 

Luna drifted away from them at the Ravenclaw table. 
The moment they reached Gryffindors, Ginny was 
hailed by some fellow fourth years and left to sit with 
them; Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville found seats 
together about halfway down the table between Nearly 
Headless Nick, the Gryffindor House ghost, and 
Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the last two of 
whom gave Harry airy, overly friendly greetings that 
made him quite sure they had stopped talking about 
him a split second before. He had more important 
things to worry about, however: He was looking over 
the students heads to the staff table that ran along 
the top wall of the Hall. 

Hes not there. 

  258Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ron and Hermione scanned the staff table too, though 
there was no real need; Hagrids size made him 
instantly obvious in any lineup. 

He cant have left, said Ron, sounding slightly 
anxious. 

Of course he hasnt, said Harry firmly. 

You dont think hes ... hurt, or anything, do you? 
said Hermione uneasily. 

No, said Harry at once. 

But where is he, then? 

There was a pause, then Harry said very quietly, so 
that Neville, Parvati, and Lavender could not hear, 
Maybe hes not back yet. You know  from his 
mission  the thing he was doing over the summer 
for Dumbledore. 

Yeah ... yeah, thatll be it, said Ron, sounding 
reassured, but Hermione bit her lip, looking up and 
down the staff table as though hoping for some 
conclusive explanation of Hagrids absence. 

Whos that? she said sharply, pointing toward the 
middle of the staff table. 

Harrys eyes followed hers. They lit first upon 
Professor Dumbledore, sitting in his highbacked 
golden chair at the center of the long staff table, 
wearing deeppurple robes scattered with silvery stars 
and a matching hat. Dumbledores head was inclined 
toward the woman sitting next to him, who was 
talking into his ear. She looked, Harry thought, like 
somebodys maiden aunt: squat, with short, curly, 
mousebrown hair in which she had placed a horrible 
  259Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




pink Alice band that matched the fluffy pink cardigan 
she wore over her robes. Then she turned her face 
slightly to take a sip from her goblet and he saw, with 
a shock of recognition, a pallid, toadlike face and a 
pair of prominent, pouchy eyes. 

Its that Umbridge woman! 

Who? said Hermione. 

She was at my hearing, she works for Fudge! 

Nice cardigan, said Ron, smirking. 

She works for Fudge? Hermione repeated, frowning. 
What on earths she doing here, then? 

Dunno ... 

Hermione scanned the staff table, her eyes narrowed. 

No, she muttered, no, surely not ... 

Harry did not understand what she was talking about 
but did not ask; his attention had just been caught by 
Professor GrubblyPlank who had just appeared 
behind the staff table; she worked her way along to 
the very end and took the seat that ought to have 
been Hagrids. That meant that the first years must 
have crossed the lake and reached the castle, and 
sure enough, a few seconds later, the doors from the 
entrance hall opened. A long line of scaredlooking 
first years entered, led by Professor McGonagall, who 
was carrying a stool on which sat an ancient wizards 
hat, heavily patched and darned with a wide rip near 
the frayed brim. 

The buzz of talk in the Great Hall faded away. The 
first years lined up in front of the staff table facing the 

  260Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




rest of the students, and Professor McGonagall placed 
the stool carefully in front of them, then stood back. 

The first years faces glowed palely in the candlelight. 
A small boy right in the middle of the row looked as 
though he was trembling. Harry recalled, fleetingly, 
how terrified he had felt when he had stood there, 
waiting for the unknown test that would determine to 
which House he belonged. 

The whole school waited with bated breath. Then the 
rip near the hats brim opened wide like a mouth and 
the Sorting Hat burst into song: 

In times of old when I was new 
And Hogwarts barely started 
The founders of our noble school 
Thought never to be parted: 

United by a common goal, 

They had the selfsame yearning, 

To make the worlds best magic school 
And pass along their learning. 

Together we will build and teach! 

The four good friends decided 
And never did they dream that they 
Might someday be divided, 

For were there such friends anywhere 
As Slytherin and Gryffndor? 

Unless it was the second pair 
Of Huffepuff and Ravenclaw? 

So how could it have gone so wrong? 

How could such friendships fail? 

Why, I was there and so can tell 
The whole sad, sorry tale. 

Said Slytherin, Well teach just those 
Whose ancestry is purest. 

Said Ravenclaw, Well teach those whose 
Intelligence is surest. 

Said Gryffindor, Well teach all those 

  261Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




With brave deeds to their name, 

Said Hufflepuff, 111 teach the lot, 

And treat them just the same. 

These differences caused little strife 
When first they came to light, 

For each of the four founders had 
A House in which they might 
Take only those they wanted, so, 

For instance, Slytherin 
Took only pureblood wizards 
Of great cunning, just like him, 

And only those of sharpest mind 
Were taught by Ravenclaw 
While the bravest and the boldest 
Went to daring Gryffindor. 

Good Hufflepuff she took the rest, 

And taught them all she knew, 

Thus the Houses and their founders 
Retained friendships firm and true. 

So Hogwarts worked in harmony 
For several happy years, 

But then discord crept among us 
Feeding on our faults and fears. 

The Houses that, like pillars four, 

Had once held up our school, 

Now turned upon each other and, 

Divided, sought to rule. 

And for a while it seemed the school 
Must meet an early end, 

What with dueling and with fighting 
And the clash of friend on friend 
And at last there came a morning 
When old Slytherin departed 
And though the fighting then died out 
He left us quite downhearted. 

And never since the founders four 
Were whittled down to three 
Have the Houses been united 
As they once were meant to be. 

  262Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And now the Sorting Hat is here 
And you all know the score: 

I sort you into Houses 
Because that is what Im for, 

But this year Ill go further, 

Listen closely to my song: 

Though condemned I am to split you 
Still I worry that its wrong, 

Though I must fulfill my duty 
And must quarter every year 
Still I wonder whether sorting 
May not bring the end I fear. 

Oh, know the perils, read the signs, 

The warning history shows, 

For our Hogwarts is in danger 
From external, deadly foes 
And we must unite inside her 
Or well crumble from within. 

I have told you, I have warned you... 

Let the Sorting now begin. 

The hat became motionless once more; applause 
broke out, though it was punctured, for the first time 
in Harrys memory, with muttering and whispers. All 
across the Great Hall students were exchanging 
remarks with their neighbors and Harry, clapping 
along with everyone else, knew exactly what they were 
talking about. 

Branched out a bit this year, hasnt it? said Ron, his 
eyebrows raised. 

Too right it has, said Harry. 

The Sorting Hat usually confined itself to describing 
the different qualities looked for by each of the four 
Hogwarts Houses and its own role in sorting them; 
Harry could not remember it ever trying to give the 
school advice before. 

  263Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I wonder if its ever given warnings before? said 
Hermione, sounding slightly anxious. 



Yes, indeed, said Nearly Headless Nick 
knowledgeably, leaning across Neville toward her 
(Neville winced, it was very uncomfortable to have a 
ghost lean through you). The hat feels itself honor 
bound to give the school due warning whenever it 
feels   

But Professor McGonagall, who was waiting to read 
out the list of first years names, was giving the 
whispering students the sort of look that scorches. 
Nearly Headless Nick placed a seethrough finger to 
his lips and sat primly upright again as the muttering 
came to an abrupt end. With a last frowning look that 
swept the four House tables, Professor McGonagall 
lowered her eyes to her long piece of parchment and 
called out, 

Abercrombie, Euan. 

The terrifiedlooking boy Harry had noticed earlier 
stumbled forward and put the hat on his head; it was 
only prevented from falling right down to his 
shoulders by his very prominent ears. The hat 
considered for a moment, then the rip near the brim 
opened again and shouted,  GR YFFIND OR !  

Harry clapped loudly with the rest of Gryffindor 
House as Euan Abercrombie staggered to their table 
and sat down, looking as though he would like very 
much to sink through the floor and never be looked at 
again. 

Slowly the long line of first years thinned; in the 
pauses between the names and the Sorting Hats 
decisions, Harry could hear Rons stomach rumbling 
loudly. Finally, Zeller, Rose was sorted into 

  264Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hufflepuff, and Professor McGonagall picked up the 
hat and stool and marched them away as Professor 
Dumbledore rose to his feet. 

Harry was somehow soothed to see Dumbledore 
standing before them all, whatever his recent bitter 
feelings toward his headmaster. Between the absence 
of Hagrid and the presence of those dragonish horses, 
he had felt that his return to Hogwarts, so long 
anticipated, was full of unexpected surprises like 
jarring notes in a familiar song. But this, at least, was 
how it was supposed to be: their headmaster rising to 
greet them all before the startofterm feast. 

To our newcomers, said Dumbledore in a ringing 
voice, his arms stretched wide and a beaming smile 
on his lips, welcome! To our old hands  welcome 
back! There is a time for speech making, but this is 
not it. Tuck in! 

There was an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of 
applause as Dumbledore sat down neatly and threw 
his long beard over his shoulder so as to keep it out of 
the way of his plate  for food had appeared out of 
nowhere, so that the five long tables were groaning 
under joints and pies and dishes of vegetables, bread, 
sauces, and flagons of pumpkin juice. 

Excellent, said Ron, with a kind of groan of longing, 
and he seized the nearest plate of chops and began 
piling them onto his plate, watched wistfully by 
Nearly Headless Nick. 

What were you saying before the Sorting? Hermione 
asked the ghost. About the hat giving warnings? 

Oh yes, said Nick, who seemed glad of a reason to 
turn away from Ron, who was now eating roast 
potatoes with almost indecent enthusiasm. Yes, I 

  265Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




have heard the hat give several warnings before, 
always at times when it detects periods of great 
danger for the school. And always, of course, its 
advice is the same: Stand together, be strong from 
within. 

Ow kunnit nofe skusin danger ifzat? said Ron. 

His mouth was so full Harry thought it was quite an 
achievement for him to make any noise at all. 

I beg your pardon? said Nearly Headless Nick 
politely, while Hermione looked revolted. Ron gave an 
enormous swallow and said, How can it know if the 
schools in danger if its a hat? 

I have no idea, said Nearly Headless Nick. Of 
course, it lives in Dumbledores office, so I daresay it 
picks things up there. 

And it wants all the Houses to be friends? said 
Harry, looking over at the Slytherin table, where 
Draco Malfoy was holding court. Fat chance. 

Well, now, you shouldnt take that attitude, said 
Nick reprovingly. Peaceful cooperation, thats the 
key. We ghosts, though we belong to separate Houses, 
maintain links of friendship. In spite of the 
competitiveness between Gryffindor and Slytherin, I 
would never dream of seeking an argument with the 
Bloody Baron. 

Only because youre terrified of him, said Ron. 

Nearly Headless Nick looked highly affronted. 

Terrified? I hope I, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy 
Porpington, have never been guilty of cowardice in my 
life! The noble blood that runs in my veins   

  266Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What blood? asked Ron. Surely you havent still got 
 ? 

Its a figure of speech! said Nearly Headless Nick, 
now so annoyed his head was trembling ominously on 
his partially severed neck. I assume I am still allowed 
to enjoy the use of whichever words I like, even if the 
pleasures of eating and drinking are denied me! But I 
am quite used to students poking fun at my death, I 
assure you! 

Nick, he wasnt really laughing at you! said 
Hermione, throwing a furious look at Ron. 

Unfortunately, Rons mouth was packed to exploding 
point again and all he could manage was node 
iddum eentup sechew, which Nick did not seem to 
think constituted an adequate apology. Rising into 
the air, he straightened his feathered hat and swept 
away from them to the other end of the table, coming 
to rest between the Creevey brothers, Colin and 
Dennis. 

Well done, Ron, snapped Hermione. 

What? said Ron indignantly, having managed, 
finally, to swallow his food. Im not allowed to ask a 
simple question? 

Oh forget it, said Hermione irritably, and the pair of 
them spent the rest of the meal in huffy silence. 

Harry was too used to their bickering to bother trying 
to reconcile them; he felt it was a better use of his 
time to eat his way steadily through his steakand 
kidney pie, then a large plateful of his favorite treacle 
tart. 



  267Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




When all the students had finished eating and the 
noise level in the hall was starting to creep upward 
again, Dumbledore got to his feet once more. Talking 
ceased immediately as all turned to face the 
headmaster. Harry was feeling pleasantly drowsy 
now. His fourposter bed was waiting somewhere 
above, wonderfully warm and soft... 

Well, now that we are all digesting another 
magnificent feast, I beg a few moments of your 
attention for the usual startofterm notices, said 
Dumbledore. First years ought to know that the 
forest in the grounds is out of bounds to students  
and a few of our older students ought to know by now 
too. (Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged smirks.) 

Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me, for what he 
tells me is the four hundred and sixtysecond time, to 
remind you all that magic is not permitted in 
corridors between classes, nor are a number of other 
things, all of which can be checked on the extensive 
list now fastened to Mr. Filchs office door. 

We have had two changes in staffing this year. We 
are very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly 
Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures 
lessons; we are also delighted to introduce Professor 
Umbridge, our new Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher. 

There was a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic 
applause during which Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
exchanged slightly panicked looks; Dumbledore had 
not said for how long GrubblyPlank would be 
teaching. 

Dumbledore continued, Tryouts for the House 
Quidditch teams will take place on the   



  268Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He broke off, looking inquiringly at Professor 
Umbridge. As she was not much taller standing than 
sitting, there was a moment when nobody understood 
why Dumbledore had stopped talking, but then 
Professor Umbridge said, Hem, hem, and it became 
clear that she had got to her feet and was intending to 
make a speech. 

Dumbledore only looked taken aback for a moment, 
then he sat back down smartly and looked alertly at 
Professor Umbridge as though he desired nothing 
better than to listen to her talk. Other members of 
staff were not as adept at hiding their surprise. 
Professor Sprouts eyebrows had disappeared into her 
flyaway hair, and Professor McGonagalls mouth was 
as thin as Harry had ever seen it. No new teacher had 
ever interrupted Dumbledore before. Many of the 
students were smirking; this woman obviously did not 
know how things were done at Hogwarts. 

Thank you, Headmaster, Professor Umbridge 
simpered, for those kind words of welcome. 

Her voice was highpitched, breathy, and littlegirlish 
and again, Harry felt a powerful rush of dislike that 
he could not explain to himself; all he knew was that 
he loathed everything about her, from her stupid 
voice to her fluffy pink cardigan. She gave another 
little throatclearing cough (Hem, hem) and 
continued: Well, it is lovely to be back at Hogwarts, I 
must say! She smiled, revealing very pointed teeth. 
And to see such happy little faces looking back at 
me! 

Harry glanced around. None of the faces he could see 
looked happy; on the contrary, they all looked rather 
taken aback at being addressed as though they were 
five years old. 



  269Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I am very much looking forward to getting to know 
you all, and Im sure well be very good friends! 

Students exchanged looks at this; some of them were 
barely concealing grins. 

Ill be her friend as long as I dont have to borrow 
that cardigan, Parvati whispered to Lavender, and 
both of them lapsed into silent giggles. 

Professor Umbridge cleared her throat again (Hem, 
hem), but when she continued, some of the 
breathiness had vanished from her voice. She 
sounded much more businesslike and now her words 
had a dull learnedbyheart sound to them. 

The Ministry of Magic has always considered the 
education of young witches and wizards to be of vital 
importance. The rare gifts with which you were born 
may come to nothing if not nurtured and honed by 
careful instruction. The ancient skills unique to the 
Wizarding community must be passed down through 
the generations lest we lose them forever. The 
treasure trove of magical knowledge amassed by our 
ancestors must be guarded, replenished, and polished 
by those who have been called to the noble profession 
of teaching. 

Professor Umbridge paused here and made a little 
bow to her fellow staff members, none of whom bowed 
back. Professor McGonagalls dark eyebrows had 
contracted so that she looked positively hawklike, and 
Harry distinctly saw her exchange a significant glance 
with Professor Sprout as Umbridge gave another little 
Hem, hem and went on with her speech. 

Every headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts has 
brought something new to the weighty task of 
governing this historic school, and that is as it should 

  270Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




be, for without progress there will be stagnation and 
decay. There again, progress for progresss sake must 
be discouraged, for our tried and tested traditions 
often require no tinkering. A balance, then, between 
old and new, between permanence and change, 
between tradition and innovation ... 

Harry found his attentiveness ebbing, as though his 
brain was slipping in and out of tune. The quiet that 
always filled the Hall when Dumbledore was speaking 
was breaking up as students put their heads 
together, whispering and giggling. Over at the 
Ravenclaw table, Cho Chang was chatting animatedly 
with her friends. A few seats along from Cho, Luna 
Lovegood had got out The Quibbler again. Meanwhile 
at the Hufflepuff table, Ernie Macmillan was one of 
the few still staring at Professor Umbridge, but he was 
glassyeyed and Harry was sure he was only 
pretending to listen in an attempt to live up to the 
new prefects badge gleaming on his chest. 

Professor Umbridge did not seem to notice the 
restlessness of her audience. Harry had the 
impression that a fullscale riot could have broken 
out under her nose and she would have plowed on 
with her speech. The teachers, however, were still 
listening very attentively, and Hermione seemed to be 
drinking in every word Umbridge spoke, though 
judging by her expression, they were not at all to her 
taste. 

"... because some changes will be for the better, while 
others will come, in the fullness of time, to be 
recognized as errors of judgment. Meanwhile, some 
old habits will be retained, and rightly so, whereas 
others, outmoded and outworn, must be abandoned. 
Let us move forward, then, into a new era of 
openness, effectiveness, and accountability, intent on 
preserving what ought to be preserved, perfecting 
  271Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




what needs to be perfected, and pruning wherever we 
find practices that ought to be prohibited. 

She sat down. Dumbledore clapped. The staff followed 
his lead, though Harry noticed that several of them 
brought their hands together only once or twice 
before stopping. A few students joined in, but most 
had been taken unawares by the end of the speech, 
not having listened to more than a few words of it, 
and before they could start applauding properly, 
Dumbledore had stood up again. 

Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was 
most illuminating, he said, bowing to her. Now  as 
I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held ... 

Yes, it certainly was illuminating, said Hermione in 
a low voice. 

Youre not telling me you enjoyed it? Ron said 
quietly, turning a glazed face upon Hermione. That 
was about the dullest speech Ive ever heard, and I 
grew up with Percy. 

I said illuminating, not enjoyable, said Hermione. It 
explained a lot. 

Did it? said Harry in surprise. Sounded like a load 
of waffle to me. 

There was some important stuff hidden in the 
waffle, said Hermione grimly. 

Was there? said Ron blankly. 

How about progress for progresss sake must be 
discouraged? How about pruning wherever we find 
practices that ought to be prohibited? 



  272Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, what does that mean? said Ron impatiently. 



Ill tell you what it means, said Hermione ominously. 
It means the Ministrys interfering at Hogwarts. 

There was a great clattering and banging all around 
them; Dumbledore had obviously just dismissed the 
school, because everyone was standing up ready to 
leave the Hall. Hermione jumped up, looking 
flustered. 

Ron, were supposed to show the first years where to 
go! 

Oh yeah, said Ron, who had obviously forgotten. 
Hey  hey you lot! Midgets! 

Ron\ 

Well, they are, theyre titchy... 

I know, but you cant call them midgets... First 
years! Hermione called commandingly along the 
table. This way, please! 

A group of new students walked shyly up the gap 
between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables, all of 
them trying hard not to lead the group. They did 
indeed seem very small; Harry was sure he had not 
appeared that young when he had arrived here. He 
grinned at them. A blond boy next to Euan 
Abercrombie looked petrified, nudged Euan, and 
whispered something in his ear. Euan Abercrombie 
looked equally frightened and stole a horrified look at 
Harry, who felt the grin slide off his face like 
Stinksap. 

See you later, he said to Ron and Hermione and he 
made his way out of the Great Hall alone, doing 

  273Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




everything he could to ignore more whispering, 
staring, and pointing as he passed. He kept his eyes 
fixed ahead as he wove his way through the crowd in 
the entrance hall, then he hurried up the marble 
staircase, took a couple of concealed shortcuts, and 
had soon left most of the crowds behind. 

He had been stupid not to expect this, he thought 
angrily, as he walked through much emptier upstairs 
corridors. Of course everyone was staring at him: He 
had emerged from the Triwizard maze two months ago 
clutching the dead body of a fellow student and 
claiming to have seen Lord Voldemort return to 
power. There had not been time last term to explain 
himself before everyone went home, even if he had felt 
up to giving the whole school a detailed account of the 
terrible events in that graveyard. 

He had reached the end of the corridor to the 
Gryffindor common room and had come to a halt in 
front of the portrait of the Fat Lady before he realized 
that he did not know the new password. 

Er ... he said glumly, staring up at the Fat Lady, 
who smoothed the folds of her pink satin dress and 
looked sternly back at him. 

No password, no entrance, she said loftily. 

Harry, I know it! someone panted from behind him, 
and he turned to see Neville jogging toward him. 
Guess what it is? Im actually going to be able to 
remember it for once   He waved the stunted little 
cactus he had shown them on the train. Mimbulus 
mimbletonio 1 

Correct, said the Fat Lady, and her portrait swung 
open toward them like a door, revealing a circular 



  274Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hole in the wall behind, through which Harry and 
Neville now climbed. 

The Gryffindor common room looked as welcoming as 
ever, a cozy circular tower room full of dilapidated 
squashy armchairs and rickety old tables. A fire was 
crackling merrily in the grate and a few people were 
warming their hands before going up to their 
dormitories; on the other side of the room Fred and 
George Weasley were pinning something up on the 
notice board. Harry waved good night to them and 
headed straight for the door to the boys dormitories; 
he was not in much of a mood for talking at the 
moment. Neville followed him. 

Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan had reached the 
dormitory first and were in the process of covering the 
walls beside their beds with posters and photographs. 
They had been talking as Harry pushed open the door 
but stopped abruptly the moment they saw him. 

Harry wondered whether they had been talking about 
him, then whether he was being paranoid. 

Hi, he said, moving across to his own trunk and 
opening it. 

Hey, Harry, said Dean, who was putting on a pair of 
pajamas in the West Ham colors. Good holiday? 

Not bad, muttered Harry, as a true account of his 
holiday would have taken most of the night to relate 
and he could not face it. You? 

Yeah, it was okay, chuckled Dean. Better than 
Seamuss anyway, he was just telling me. 

Why, what happened, Seamus? Neville asked as he 
placed his Mimbulus mimbletonia tenderly on his 
bedside cabinet. 

  275Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Seamus did not answer immediately; he was making 
rather a meal of ensuring that his poster of the 
Kenmare Kestrels Quidditch team was quite straight. 
Then he said, with his back still turned to Harry, Me 
mam didnt want me to come back. 

What? said Harry, pausing in the act of pulling off 
his robes. 

She didnt want me to come back to Hogwarts. 

Seamus turned away from his poster and pulled his 
own pajamas out of his trunk, still not looking at 
Harry. 

But  why? said Harry, astonished. He knew that 
Seamuss mother was a witch and could not 
understand, therefore, why she should have come 
over so Dursleyish. 

Seamus did not answer until he had finished 
buttoning his pajamas. 

Well, he said in a measured voice, I suppose ... 
because of you. 

What dyou mean? said Harry quickly. His heart was 
beating rather fast. He felt vaguely as though 
something was closing in on him. 

Well, said Seamus again, still avoiding Harrys eyes, 
she ... er ... well, its not just you, its Dumbledore 
too ... 

She believes the Daily Prophet? said Harry. She 
thinks Im a liar and Dumbledore s an old fool? 

Seamus looked up at him. Yeah, something like 
that. 

  276Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry said nothing. He threw his wand down onto his 
bedside table, pulled off his robes, stuffed them 
angrily into his trunk, and pulled on his pajamas. He 
was sick of it; sick of being the person who was stared 
at and talked about all the time. If any of them knew, 
if any of them had the faintest idea what it felt like to 
be the one all these things had happened to ... Mrs. 
Finnigan had no idea, the stupid woman, he thought 
savagely. 

He got into bed and made to pull the hangings closed 
around him, but before he could do so, Seamus said, 
Look . . . what did happen that night when . . . you 
know, when . . . with Cedric Diggory and all? 

Seamus sounded nervous and eager at the same time. 
Dean, who had been bending over his trunk, trying to 
retrieve a slipper, went oddly still and Harry knew he 
was listening hard. 

What are you asking me for? Harry retorted. Just 
read the Daily Prophet like your mother, why dont 
you? Thatll tell you all you need to know. 

Dont you have a go at my mother, snapped 
Seamus. 

Ill have a go at anyone who calls me a liar, said 
Harry. 

Dont talk to me like that! 

Ill talk to you how I want, said Harry, his temper 
rising so fast he snatched his wand back from his 
bedside table. If youve got a problem sharing a 
dormitory with me, go and ask McGonagall if you can 
be moved, stop your mummy worrying   

Leave my mother out of this, Potter! 

  277Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Whats going on? 

Ron had appeared in the doorway. His wide eyes 
traveled from Harry, who was kneeling on his bed 
with his wand pointing at Seamus, to Seamus, who 
was standing there with his fists raised. 

Hes having a go at my mother! Seamus yelled. 

What? said Ron. Harry wouldnt do that  we met 
your mother, we liked her... 

Thats before she started believing every word the 
stinking Daily Prophet writes about me! said Harry at 
the top of his voice. 

Oh, said Ron, comprehension dawning across his 
freckled face. Oh ... right. 

You know what? said Seamus heatedly, casting 
Harry a venomous look. Hes right, I dont want to 
share a dormitory with him anymore, hes a 
madman. 

Thats out of order, Seamus, said Ron, whose ears 
were starting to glow red, always a danger sign. 

Out of order, am I? shouted Seamus, who in 
contrast with Ron was turning paler. You believe all 
the rubbish hes come out with about YouKnowWho, 
do you, you reckon hes telling the truth? 

Yeah, I do! said Ron angrily. 

Then youre mad too, said Seamus in disgust. 

Yeah? Well unfortunately for you, pal, Im also a 
prefect! said Ron, jabbing himself in the chest with a 



  278Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




finger. So unless you want detention, watch your 
mouth! 

Seamus looked for a few seconds as though detention 
would be a reasonable price to pay to say what was 
going through his mind; but with a noise of contempt 
he turned on his heel, vaulted into bed, and pulled 
the hangings shut with such violence that they were 
ripped from the bed and fell in a dusty pile to the 
floor. Ron glared at Seamus, then looked at Dean and 
Neville. 

Anyone elses parents got a problem with Harry? he 
said aggressively. 

My parents are Muggles, mate, said Dean, 
shrugging. They dont know nothing about no deaths 
at Hogwarts, because Im not stupid enough to tell 
them. 

You dont know my mother, shell weasel anything 
out of anyone! Seamus snapped at him. Anyway, 
your parents dont get the Daily Prophet, they dont 
know our headmasters been sacked from the 
Wizengamot and the International Confederation of 
Wizards because hes losing his marbles   

My gran says thats rubbish, piped up Neville. She 
says its the Daily Prophet thats going downhill, not 
Dumbledore. Shes canceled our subscription. We 
believe Harry, he said simply. He climbed into bed 
and pulled the covers up to his chin, looking owlishly 
over them at Seamus. My grans always said You 
KnowWho would come back one day. She says if 
Dumbledore says hes back, hes back. 

Harry felt a rush of gratitude toward Neville. Nobody 
else said anything. Seamus got out his wand, repaired 
the bed hangings, and vanished behind them. Dean 

  279Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




got into bed, rolled over, and fell silent. Neville, who 
appeared to have nothing more to say either, was 
gazing fondly at his moonlit cactus. 

Harry lay back on his pillows while Ron bustled 
around the next bed, putting his things away. He felt 
shaken by the argument with Seamus, whom he had 
always liked very much. How many more people were 
going to suggest that he was lying or unhinged? 

Had Dumbledore suffered like this all summer, as 
first the Wizengamot, then the International 
Confederation of Wizards had thrown him from their 
ranks? Was it anger at Harry, perhaps, that had 
stopped Dumbledore getting in touch with him for 
months? The two of them were in this together, after 
all; Dumbledore had believed Harry, announced his 
version of events to the whole school and then to the 
wider Wizarding community. Anyone who thought 
Harry was a liar had to think that Dumbledore was 
too or else that Dumbledore had been hoodwinked... 

Theyll know were right in the end, thought Harry 
miserably, as Ron got into bed and extinguished the 
last candle in the dormitory. But he wondered how 
many attacks like Seamuss he would have to endure 
before that time came. 



  280Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






PROFESSOR UMBRIDGE 

Seamus dressed at top speed next morning and left 
the dormitory before Harry had even put on his socks. 

Does he think hell turn into a nutter if he stays in a 
room with me too long? asked Harry loudly, as the 
hem of Seamuss robes whipped out of sight. 

Dont worry about it, Harry, Dean muttered, 
hoisting his schoolbag onto his shoulder. Hes just 
... But apparently he was unable to say exactly what 
Seamus was, and after a slightly awkward pause 
followed him out of the room. 

Neville and Ron both gave Harry itshisproblemnot 
yours looks, but Harry was not much consoled. How 
much more of this was he going to have to take? 

Whats the matter? asked Hermione five minutes 
later, catching up with Harry and Ron halfway across 
the common room as they all headed toward 



  281Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



breakfast. You look absolutely  oh for heavens 
sake. 



She was staring at the common room notice board, 
where a large new sign had been put up. 

GALLONS OF GALLEONS! 

Pocket money failing to keep pace with your 
outgoings? 

Like to earn a little extra gold? 



Contact Fred and George Weasley, 

Gryffindor common room, 

for simple, parttime, virtually painless jobs 

(WE REGRET THAT ALL WORK IS UNDERTAKEN AT 
APPLICANTS OWN RISK) 

They are the limit, said Hermione grimly, taking 
down the sign, which Fred and George had pinned up 
over a poster giving the date of the first Hogsmeade 
weekend in October. Well have to talk to them, Ron. 

Ron looked positively alarmed. 

Why? 

Because were prefects! said Hermione, as they 
climbed out through the portrait hole. Its up to us to 
stop this kind of thing! 

Ron said nothing; Harry could tell from his glum 
expression that the prospect of stopping Fred and 

  282Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




George doing exactly what they liked was not one that 
he found inviting. 

Anyway, whats up, Harry? Hermione continued, as 
they walked down a flight of stairs lined with portraits 
of old witches and wizards, all of whom ignored them, 
being engrossed in their own conversation. You look 
really angry about something. 

Seamus reckons Harrys lying about YouKnow 
Who, said Ron succinctly, when Harry did not 
respond. 

Hermione, whom Harry had expected to react angrily 
on his behalf, sighed. 

Yes, Lavender thinks so too, she said gloomily. 

Been having a nice little chat with her about whether 
or not Im a lying, attentionseeking prat, have you? 
Harry said loudly. 

No, said Hermione calmly, I told her to keep her big 
fat mouth shut about you, actually. And it would be 
quite nice if you stopped jumping down Rons and my 
throats, Harry, because if you havent noticed, were 
on your side. 

There was a short pause. 

Sorry, said Harry in a low voice. 

Thats quite all right, said Hermione with dignity. 
Then she shook her head. Dont you remember what 
Dumbledore said at the endofterm feast last year? 

Harry and Ron both looked at her blankly, and 
Hermione sighed again. 



  283Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




About YouKnowWho. He said, His gift for spreading 
discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only 
by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and 
trust    

How do you remember stuff like that? asked Ron, 
looking at her in admiration. 

I listen, Ron, said Hermione with a touch of 
asperity. 

So do I, but I still couldnt tell you exactly what   

The point, Hermione pressed on loudly, is that this 
sort of thing is exactly what Dumbledore was talking 
about. YouKnow Whos only been back two months, 
and weve started fighting among ourselves. And the 
Sorting Hats warning was the same  stand 
together, be united   

And Harry said it last night, retorted Ron, if that 
means were supposed to get matey with the 
Slytherins, fat chance. 

Well, I think its a pity were not trying for a bit of 
interHouse unity, said Hermione crossly. 

They had reached the foot of the marble staircase. A 
line of fourthyear Ravenclaws was crossing the 
entrance hall; they caught sight of Harry and hurried 
to form a tighter group, as though frightened he 
might attack stragglers. 

Yeah, we really ought to be trying to make friends 
with people like that, said Harry sarcastically. 

They followed the Ravenclaws into the Great Hall, 
looking instinctively at the staff table as they entered. 
Professor GrubblyPlank was chatting to Professor 

  284Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Sinistra, the Astronomy teacher, and Hagrid was once 
again conspicuous only by his absence. The 
enchanted ceiling above them echoed Harrys mood; it 
was a miserable raincloud gray. 

Dumbledore didnt even mention how long that 
GrubblyPlank womans staying, he said, as they 
made their way across to the Gryffindor table. 

Maybe ... said Hermione thoughtfully. 

What? said both Harry and Ron together. 

Well ... maybe he didnt want to draw attention to 
Hagrid not being here. 

What dyou mean, draw attention to it? said Ron, 
half laughing. How could we not notice? 

Before Hermione could answer, a tall black girl with 
long, braided hair had marched up to Harry. 

Hi, Angelina. 

Hi, she said briskly, good summer? And without 
waiting for an answer, Listen, Ive been made 
Gryffindor Quidditch Captain. 

Nice one, said Harry, grinning at her; he suspected 
Angelinas pep talks might not be as longwinded as 
Oliver Woods had been, which could only be an 
improvement. 

Yeah, well, we need a new Keeper now Olivers left. 
Tryouts are on Friday at five oclock and I want the 
whole team there, all right? Then we can see how the 
new personll fit in. 



  285Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Okay, said Harry, and she smiled at him and 
departed. 

Id forgotten Wood had left, said Hermione vaguely, 
sitting down beside Ron and pulling a plate of toast 
toward her. I suppose that will make quite a 
difference to the team? 

I spose, said Harry, taking the bench opposite. He 
was a good Keeper... 

Still, it wont hurt to have some new blood, will it? 
said Ron. 

With a whoosh and a clatter, hundreds of owls came 
soaring in through the upper windows. They 
descended all over the Hall, bringing letters and 
packages to their owners and showering the 
breakfasters with droplets of water; it was clearly 
raining hard outside. Hedwig was nowhere to be seen, 
but Harry was hardly surprised; his only 
correspondent was Sirius, and he doubted Sirius 
would have anything new to tell him after only 
twentyfour hours apart. Hermione, however, had to 
move her orange juice aside quickly to make way for a 
large damp barn owl bearing a sodden Daily Prophet 
in its beak. 

What are you still getting that for? said Harry 
irritably, thinking of Seamus, as Hermione placed a 
Knut in the leather pouch on the owls leg and it took 
off again. Im not bothering ... load of rubbish. 

Its best to know what the enemy are saying, said 
Hermione darkly, and she unfurled the newspaper 
and disappeared behind it, not emerging until Harry 
and Ron had finished eating. 



  286Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Nothing, she said simply, rolling up the newspaper 
and laying it down by her plate. Nothing about you 
or Dumbledore or anything. 

Professor McGonagall was now moving along the table 
handing out schedules. 

Look at today! groaned Ron. History of Magic, 
double Potions, Divination, and double Defense 
Against the Dark Arts ... Binns, Snape, Trelawney, 
and that Umbridge woman all in one day! I wish Fred 
and George d hurry up and get those Skiving 
Snackboxes sorted... 

Do mine ears deceive me? said Fred, arriving with 
George and squeezing onto the bench beside Harry. 
Hogwarts prefects surely dont wish to skive off 
lessons? 

Look what weve got today, said Ron grumpily, 
shoving his schedule under Freds nose. Thats the 
worst Monday Ive ever seen. 

Fair point, little bro, said Fred, scanning the 
column. You can have a bit of Nosebleed Nougat 
cheap if you like. 

Whys it cheap? said Ron suspiciously. 

Because youll keep bleeding till you shrivel up, we 
havent got an antidote yet, said George, helping 
himself to a kipper. 

Cheers, said Ron moodily, pocketing his schedule, 
but I think Ill take the lessons. 

And speaking of your Skiving Snackboxes, said 
Hermione, eyeing Fred and George beadily, you cant 
advertise for testers on the Gryffindor notice board. 

  287Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Says who? said George, looking astonished. 

Says me, said Hermione. And Ron. 

Leave me out of it, said Ron hastily. 

Hermione glared at him. Fred and George sniggered. 

Youll be singing a different tune soon enough, 
Hermione, said Fred, thickly buttering a crumpet. 
Youre starting your fifth year, youll be begging us 
for a Snackbox before long. 

And why would starting fifth year mean I want a 
Skiving Snackbox? asked Hermione. 

Fifth years O.W.L. year, said George. 

So? 

So youve got your exams coming up, havent you? 
Theyll be keeping your noses so hard to that 
grindstone theyll be rubbed raw, said Fred with 
satisfaction. 

Half our year had minor breakdowns coming up to 
O.W.L.s, said George happily. Tears and tantrums 
... Patricia Stimpson kept coming over faint... 

Kenneth Towler came out in boils, dyou remember? 
said Fred reminiscently. 

Thats cause you put Bulbadox Powder in his 
pajamas, said George. 

Oh yeah, said Fred, grinning. Id forgotten... Hard 
to keep track sometimes, isnt it? 



  288Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Anyway, its a nightmare of a year, the fifth, said 
George. If you care about exam results anyway. Fred 
and I managed to keep our spirits up somehow. 

Yeah ... you got, what was it, three O.W.L.s each? 
said Ron. 

Yep, said Fred unconcernedly. But we feel our 
futures lie outside the world of academic 
achievement. 

We seriously debated whether we were going to 
bother coming back for our seventh year, said 
George brightly, now that weve got   

He broke off at a warning look from Harry, who knew 
George had been about to mention the Triwizard 
winnings he had given them. 

  now that weve got our O.W.L.s, George said 
hastily. I mean, do we really need N.E.W.T.s? But we 
didnt think Mum could take us leaving school early, 
not on top of Percy turning out to be the worlds 
biggest prat. 

Were not going to waste our last year here, though, 
said Fred, looking affectionately around at the Great 
Hall. Were going to use it to do a bit of market 
research, find out exactly what the average Hogwarts 
student requires from his joke shop, carefully 
evaluate the results of our research, and then 
produce the products to fit the demand. 

But where are you going to get the gold to start a 
joke shop? asked Hermione skeptically. Youre going 
to need all the ingredients and materials  and 
premises too, I suppose... 



  289Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry did not look at the twins. His face felt hot; he 
deliberately dropped his fork and dived down to 
retrieve it. He heard Fred say overhead, Ask us no 
questions and well tell you no lies, Hermione. Cmon, 
George, if we get there early we might be able to sell a 
few Extendable Ears before Herbology. 

Harry emerged from under the table to see Fred and 
George walking away, each carrying a stack of toast. 

What did that mean? said Hermione, looking from 
Harry to Ron.  Ask us no questions ... Does that 
mean theyve already got some gold to start a joke 
shop? 

You know, Ive been wondering about that, said 
Ron, his brow furrowed. They bought me a new set of 
dress robes this summer, and I couldnt understand 
where they got the Galleons... 

Harry decided it was time to steer the conversation 
out of these dangerous waters. 

Dyou reckon its true this years going to be really 
tough? Because of the exams? 

Oh yeah, said Ron. Bound to be, isnt it? O.W.L.s 
are really important, affect the jobs you can apply for 
and everything. We get career advice too, later this 
year, Bill told me. So you can choose what N.E.W.T.s 
you want to do next year. 

Dyou know what you want to do after Hogwarts? 
Harry asked the other two, as they left the Great Hall 
shortly afterward and set off toward their History of 
Magic classroom. 

Not really, said Ron slowly. Except ... well ... 



  290Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He looked slightly sheepish. 



What? Harry urged him. 

Well, itd be cool to be an Auror, said Ron in an 
offhand voice. 

Yeah, it would, said Harry fervently. 

But theyre, like, the elite, said Ron. Youve got to 
be really good. What about you, Hermione? 

I dont know, said Hermione. I think Id really like 
to do something worthwhile. 

An Aurors worthwhile! said Harry. 

Yes, it is, but its not the only worthwhile thing, said 
Hermione thoughtfully. I mean, if I could take 
S.P.E.W. further ... 

Harry and Ron carefully avoided looking at each 
other. 

History of Magic was by common consent the most 
boring subject ever devised by Wizardkind. Professor 
Binns, their ghost teacher, had a wheezy, droning 
voice that was almost guaranteed to cause severe 
drowsiness within ten minutes, five in warm weather. 
He never varied the form of their lessons, but lectured 
them without pausing while they took notes, or 
rather, gazed sleepily into space. Harry and Ron had 
so far managed to scrape passes in this subject only 
by copying Hermiones notes before exams; she alone 
seemed able to resist the soporific power of Binns s 
voice. 

Today they suffered through three quarters of an 
hours droning on the subject of giant wars. Harry 

  291Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




heard just enough within the first ten minutes to 
appreciate dimly that in another teachers hands this 
subject might have been mildly interesting, but then 
his brain disengaged, and he spent the remaining 
thirtyfive minutes playing hangman on a corner of 
his parchment with Ron, while Hermione shot them 
filthy looks out of the corner of her eye. 

How would it be, she asked them coldly as they left 
the classroom for break (Binns drifting away through 
the blackboard), if I refused to lend you my notes 
this year? 

Wed fail our O.W.L.s, said Ron. If you want that on 
your conscience, Hermione ... 

Well, youd deserve it, she snapped. You dont even 
try to listen to him, do you? 

We do try, said Ron. We just havent got your 
brains or your memory or your concentration  
youre just cleverer than we are  is it nice to rub it 
in? 



Oh, dont give me that rubbish, said Hermione, but 
she looked slightly mollified as she led the way out 
into the damp courtyard. 

A fine misty drizzle was falling, so that the people 
standing in huddles around the yard looked blurred 
at the edges. Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose a 
secluded corner under a heavily dripping balcony, 
turning up the collars of their robes against the chilly 
September air and talking about what Snape was 
likely to set them in the first lesson of the year. They 
had got as far as agreeing that it was likely to be 
something extremely difficult, just to catch them off 
guard after a twomonth holiday, when someone 
walked around the corner toward them. 

  292Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hello, Harry! 



It was Cho Chang and what was more, she was on 
her own again. This was most unusual: Cho was 
almost always surrounded by a gang of giggling girls; 
Harry remembered the agony of trying to get her by 
herself to ask her to the Yule Ball. 

Hi, said Harry, feeling his face grow hot. At least 
youre not covered in Stinksap this time, he told 
himself. Cho seemed to be thinking along the same 
lines. 

You got that stuff off, then? 

Yeah, said Harry, trying to grin as though the 
memory of their last meeting was funny as opposed to 
mortifying. So did you ... er ... have a good summer? 

The moment he had said this he wished he hadnt: 
Cedric had been Chos boyfriend and the memory of 
his death must have affected her holiday almost as 
badly as it had affected Harrys... Something seemed 
to tauten in her face, but she said, Oh, it was all 
right, you know... 

Is that a Tornados badge? Ron demanded suddenly, 
pointing at the front of Chos robes, to which a sky 
blue badge emblazoned with a double gold T was 
pinned. You dont support them, do you? 

Yeah, I do, said Cho. 

Have you always supported them, or just since they 
started winning the league? said Ron, in what Harry 
considered an unnecessarily accusatory tone of voice. 

Ive supported them since I was six, said Cho coolly. 
Anyway ... see you, Harry. 

  293Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She walked away. Hermione waited until Cho was 
halfway across the courtyard before rounding on Ron. 



You are so tactless! 

What? I only asked her if   

Couldnt you tell she wanted to talk to Harry on her 
own? 

So? She couldve done, I wasnt stopping   

What on earth were you attacking her about her 
Quidditch team for? 

Attacking? I wasnt attacking her, I was only   

Who cares if she supports the Tornados? 

Oh, come on, half the people you see wearing those 
badges only bought them last season   

But what does it matter? 

It means theyre not real fans, theyre just jumping 
on the bandwagon   

Thats the bell, said Harry listlessly, because Ron 
and Hermione were bickering too loudly to hear it. 
They did not stop arguing all the way down to Snapes 
dungeon, which gave Harry plenty of time to reflect 
that between Neville and Ron he would be lucky ever 
to have two minutes conversation with Cho that he 
could look back on without wanting to leave the 
country. 

And yet, he thought, as they joined the queue lining 
up outside Snapes classroom door, she had chosen 
to come and talk to him, hadnt she? She had been 

  294Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Cedrics girlfriend; she could easily have hated Harry 
for coming out of the Triwizard maze alive when 
Cedric had died, yet she was talking to him in a 
perfectly friendly way, not as though she thought him 
mad, or a liar, or in some horrible way responsible for 
Cedrics death... Yes, she had definitely chosen to 
come and talk to him, and that made the second time 
in two days . . . and at this thought, Harrys spirits 
rose. Even the ominous sound of Snapes dungeon 
door creaking open did not puncture the small, 
hopeful bubble that seemed to have swelled in his 
chest. He filed into the classroom behind Ron and 
Hermione and followed them to their usual table at 
the back, ignoring the huffy, irritable noises now 
issuing from both of them. 

Settle down, said Snape coldly, shutting the door 
behind him. 

There was no real need for the call to order; the 
moment the class had heard the door close, quiet had 
fallen and all fidgeting stopped. Snapes mere 
presence was usually enough to ensure a classs 
silence. 

Before we begin todays lesson, said Snape, 
sweeping over to his desk and staring around at them 
all, I think it appropriate to remind you that next 
June you will be sitting an important examination, 
during which you will prove how much you have 
learned about the composition and use of magical 
potions. Moronic though some of this class 
undoubtedly are, I expect you to scrape an 
Acceptable in your O.W.L., or suffer my ... 
displeasure. 

His gaze lingered this time upon Neville, who gulped. 



  295Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




After this year, of course, many of you will cease 
studying with me, Snape went on. I take only the 
very best into my N.E.W.T. Potions class, which 
means that some of us will certainly be saying good 
bye. 

His eyes rested on Harry and his lip curled. Harry 
glared back, feeling a grim pleasure at the idea that 
he would be able to give up Potions after fifth year. 

But we have another year to go before that happy 
moment of farewell, said Snape softly, so whether 
you are intending to attempt N.E.W.T. or not, I advise 
all of you to concentrate your efforts upon 
maintaining the highpass level I have come to expect 
from my O.W.L. students. 

Today we will be mixing a potion that often comes up 
at Ordinary Wizarding Level: the Draught of Peace, a 
potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation. Be 
warned: If you are too heavyhanded with the 
ingredients you will put the drinker into a heavy and 
sometimes irreversible sleep, so you will need to pay 
close attention to what you are doing. On Harrys 
left, Hermione sat up a little straighter, her 
expression one of the utmost attentiveness. The 
ingredients and method  Snape flicked his wand  
are on the blackboard  (they appeared there)  
you will find everything you need  he flicked his 
wand again  in the store cupboard  (the door of 
the said cupboard sprang open)  you have an hour 
and a half... Start. 

Just as Harry, Ron, and Hermione had predicted, 
Snape could hardly have set them a more difficult, 
fiddly potion. The ingredients had to be added to the 
cauldron in precisely the right order and quantities; 
the mixture had to be stirred exactly the right number 
of times, firstly in clockwise, then in counterclockwise 
  296Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




directions; the heat of the flames on which it was 
simmering had to be lowered to exactly the right level 
for a specific number of minutes before the final 
ingredient was added. 

A light silver vapor should now be rising from your 
potion, called Snape, with ten minutes left to go. 

Harry, who was sweating profusely, looked 
desperately around the dungeon. His own cauldron 
was issuing copious amounts of dark gray steam; 
Rons was spitting green sparks. Seamus was 
feverishly prodding the flames at the base of his 
cauldron with the tip of his wand, as they had gone 
out. The surface of Hermiones potion, however, was a 
shimmering mist of silver vapor, and as Snape swept 
by he looked down his hooked nose at it without 
comment, which meant that he could find nothing to 
criticize. At Harrys cauldron, however, Snape 
stopped, looking down at Harry with a horrible smirk 
on his face. 

Potter, what is this supposed to be? 

The Slytherins at the front of the class all looked up 
eagerly; they loved hearing Snape taunt Harry. 

The Draught of Peace, said Harry tensely. 

Tell me, Potter, said Snape softly, can you read? 

Draco Malfoy laughed. 

Yes, I can, said Harry, his fingers clenched tightly 
around his wand. 

Read the third line of the instructions for me, Potter. 



  297Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry squinted at the blackboard; it was not easy to 
make out the instructions through the haze of 
multicolored steam now filling the dungeon. 

 Add powdered moonstone, stir three times 
counterclockwise, allow to simmer for seven minutes, 
then add two drops of syrup of hellebore.  

His heart sank. He had not added syrup of hellebore, 
but had proceeded straight to the fourth line of the 
instructions after allowing his potion to simmer for 
seven minutes. 

Did you do everything on the third line, Potter? 

No, said Harry very quietly. 

I beg your pardon? 

No, said Harry, more loudly. I forgot the 
hellebore... 

I know you did, Potter, which means that this mess 
is utterly worthless. Evanesco. 

The contents of Harrys potion vanished; he was left 
standing foolishly beside an empty cauldron. 

Those of you who have managed to read the 
instructions, fill one flagon with a sample of your 
potion, label it clearly with your name, and bring it up 
to my desk for testing, said Snape. Homework: 
twelve inches of parchment on the properties of 
moonstone and its uses in potionmaking, to be 
handed in on Thursday. 

While everyone around him filled their flagons, Harry 
cleared away his things, seething. His potion had 
been no worse than Rons, which was now giving off a 

  298Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




foul odor of bad eggs, or Nevilles, which had achieved 
the consistency of justmixed cement and which 
Neville was now having to gouge out of his cauldron, 
yet it was he, Harry, who would be receiving zero 
marks for the days work. He stuffed his wand back 
into his bag and slumped down onto his seat, 
watching everyone else march up to Snapes desk 
with filled and corked flagons. When at long last the 
bell rang, Harry was first out of the dungeon and had 
already started his lunch by the time Ron and 
Hermione joined him in the Great Hall. The ceiling 
had turned an even murkier gray during the morning. 
Rain was lashing the high windows. 

That was really unfair, said Hermione consolingly, 
sitting down next to Harry and helping herself to 
shepherds pie. Your potion wasnt nearly as bad as 
Goyles, when he put it in his flagon the whole thing 
shattered and set his robes on fire. 

Yeah, well, said Harry, glowering at his plate, since 
when has Snape ever been fair to me? 

Neither of the others answered; all three of them 
knew that Snape and Harrys mutual enmity had 
been absolute from the moment Harry had set foot in 
Hogwarts. 

I did think he might be a bit better this year, said 
Hermione in a disappointed voice. I mean ... you 
know ... She looked carefully around; there were half 
a dozen empty seats on either side of them and 
nobody was passing the table. "... Now hes in the 
Order and everything. 

Poisonous toadstools dont change their spots, said 
Ron sagely. Anyway, Ive always thought Dumbledore 
was cracked trusting Snape, wheres the evidence he 
ever really stopped working for YouKnowWho? 

  299Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I think Dumbledores probably got plenty of evidence, 
even if he doesnt share it with you, Ron, snapped 
Hermione. 

Oh, shut up, the pair of you, said Harry heavily, as 
Ron opened his mouth to argue back. Hermione and 
Ron both froze, looking angry and offended. Cant 
you give it a rest? he said. Youre always having a go 
at each other, its driving me mad. And abandoning 
his shepherds pie, he swung his schoolbag back over 
his shoulder and left them sitting there. 

He walked up the marble staircase two steps at a 
time, past the many students hurrying toward lunch. 
The anger that had just flared so unexpectedly still 
blazed inside him, and the vision of Ron and 
Hermione s shocked faces afforded him a sense of 
deep satisfaction. Serve them right, he thought. Why 
cant they give it a rest? ... Bickering all the time ... Its 
enough to drive anyone up the wall. . . 

He passed the large picture of Sir Cadogan the knight 
on a landing; Sir Cadogan drew his sword and 
brandished it fiercely at Harry, who ignored him. 

Come back, you scurvy dog, stand fast and fight! 
yelled Sir Cadogan in a muffled voice from behind his 
visor, but Harry merely walked on, and when Sir 
Cadogan attempted to follow him by running into a 
neighboring picture, he was rebuffed by its 
inhabitant, a large and angrylooking wolfhound. 

Harry spent the rest of the lunch hour sitting alone 
underneath the trapdoor at the top of North Tower, 
and consequently he was the first to ascend the silver 
ladder that led to Sibyll Trelawneys classroom when 
the bell rang. 



  300Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Divination was Harrys least favorite class after 
Potions, which was due mainly to Professor 
Trelawneys habit of predicting his premature death 
every few lessons. A thin woman, heavily draped in 
shawls and glittering with strings of beads, she 
always reminded Harry of some kind of insect, with 
her glasses hugely magnifying her eyes. She was busy 
putting copies of battered, leatherbound books on 
each of the spindly little tables with which her room 
was littered when Harry entered the room, but so dim 
was the light cast by the lamps covered by scarves 
and the lowburning, sicklyscented fire that she 
appeared not to notice him as he took a seat in the 
shadows. The rest of the class arrived over the next 
five minutes. Ron emerged from the trapdoor, looked 
around carefully, spotted Harry and made directly for 
him, or as directly as he could while having to wend 
his way between tables, chairs, and overstuffed poufs. 

Hermione and me have stopped arguing, he said, 
sitting down beside Harry. 

Good, grunted Harry. 

But Hermione says she thinks it would be nice if you 
stopped taking out your temper on us, said Ron. 

Im not   

Im just passing on the message, said Ron, talking 
over him. But I reckon shes right. Its not our fault 
how Seamus and Snape treat you. 

I never said it   

Good day, said Professor Trelawney in her usual 
misty, dreamy voice, and Harry broke off, feeling both 
annoyed and slightly ashamed of himself again. And 
welcome back to Divination. I have, of course, been 

  301Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




following your fortunes most carefully over the 
holidays, and am delighted to see that you have all 
returned to Hogwarts safely  as, of course, I knew 
you would. 

You will find on the tables before you copies of The 
Dream Oracle, by Inigo Imago. Dream interpretation is 
a most important means of divining the future and 
one that may very probably be tested in your O.W.L. 
Not, of course, that I believe examination passes or 
failures are of the remotest importance when it comes 
to the sacred art of divination. If you have the Seeing 
Eye, certificates and grades matter very little. 

However, the headmaster likes you to sit the 
examination, so ... 

Her voice trailed away delicately, leaving them all in 
no doubt that Professor Trelawney considered her 
subject above such sordid matters as examinations. 

Turn, please, to the introduction and read what 
Imago has to say on the matter of dream 
interpretation. Then divide into pairs. Use The Dream 
Oracle to interpret each others most recent dreams. 
Carry on. 

The one good thing to be said for this lesson was that 
it was not a double period. By the time they had all 
finished reading the introduction of the book, they 
had barely ten minutes left for dream interpretation. 
At the table next to Harry and Ron, Dean had paired 
up with Neville, who immediately embarked on a long 
winded explanation of a nightmare involving a pair of 
giant scissors wearing his grandmothers best hat; 
Harry and Ron merely looked at each other glumly. 

I never remember my dreams, said Ron. You say 
one. 



  302Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You must remember one of them, said Harry 
impatiently. 

He was not going to share his dreams with anyone. 

He knew perfectly well what his regular nightmare 
about a graveyard meant, he did not need Ron or 
Professor Trelawney or the stupid Dream Oracle to tell 
him that... 

Well, I had one that I was playing Quidditch the 
other night, said Ron, screwing up his face in an 
effort to remember. What dyou reckon that means? 

Probably that youre going to be eaten by a giant 
marshmallow or something, said Harry, turning the 
s of The Dream Oracle without interest. 

It was very dull work looking up bits of dreams in the 
Oracle and Harry was not cheered up when Professor 
Trelawney set them the task of keeping a dream diary 
for a month as homework. When the bell went, he 
and Ron led the way back down the ladder, Ron 
grumbling loudly. 

Dyou realize how much homework weve got 
already? Binns set us a footandahalflong essay on 
giant wars, Snape wants a foot on the use of 
moonstones, and now weve got a months dream 
diary from Trelawney! Fred and George werent wrong 
about O.W.L. year, were they? That Umbridge woman 
had better not give us any... 

When they entered the Defense Against the Dark Arts 
classroom they found Professor Umbridge already 
seated at the teachers desk, wearing the fluffy pink 
cardigan of the night before and the black velvet bow 
on top of her head. Harry was again reminded forcibly 
of a large fly perched unwisely on top of an even 
larger toad. 

  303Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The class was quiet as it entered the room; Professor 
Umbridge was, as yet, an unknown quantity and 
nobody knew yet how strict a disciplinarian she was 
likely to be. 

Well, good afternoon! she said when finally the 
whole class had sat down. 

A few people mumbled Good afternoon, in reply. 

Tut, tut, said Professor Umbridge. That wont do, 
now, will it? I should like you, please, to reply Good 
afternoon, Professor Umbridge. One more time, 
please. Good afternoon, class! 

Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge, they chanted 
back at her. 

There, now, said Professor Umbridge sweetly. That 
wasnt too difficult, was it? Wands away and quills 
out, please. 

Many of the class exchanged gloomy looks; the order 
wands away had never yet been followed by a lesson 
they had found interesting. Harry shoved his wand 
back inside his bag and pulled out quill, ink, and 
parchment. Professor Umbridge opened her handbag, 
extracted her own wand, which was an unusually 
short one, and tapped the blackboard sharply with it; 
words appeared on the board at once: 

Defense Against the Dark Arts 

A Return to Basic Principles. 

Well now, your teaching in this subject has been 
rather disrupted and fragmented, hasnt it? stated 
Professor Umbridge, turning to face the class with her 
hands clasped neatly in front of her. The constant 

  304Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




changing of teachers, many of whom do not seem to 
have followed any Ministryapproved curriculum, has 
unfortunately resulted in your being far below the 
standard we would expect to see in your O.W.L. year. 

You will be pleased to know, however, that these 
problems are now to be rectified. We will be following 
a carefully structured, theorycentered, Ministry 
approved course of defensive magic this year. Copy 
down the following, please. 

She rapped the blackboard again; the first message 
vanished and was replaced by: 

Course aims: 

1. Understanding the principles underlying 
defensive magic. 

2. Learning to recognize situations in which 
defensive magic can legally be used. 

3. Placing the use of defensive magic in a context 
for practical use. 

For a couple of minutes the room was full of the 
sound of scratching quills on parchment. When 
everyone had copied down Professor Umbridges three 
course aims she said, Has everybody got a copy of 
Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard? 

There was a dull murmur of assent throughout the 
class. 

I think well try that again, said Professor Umbridge. 
When I ask you a question, I should like you to reply 
Yes, Professor Umbridge, or No, Professor 
Umbridge. So, has everyone got a copy of Defensive 
Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard? 

  305Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, Professor Umbridge, rang through the room. 



Good, said Professor Umbridge. I should like you to 
turn to  five and read chapter one, Basics for 
Beginners. There will be no need to talk. 

Professor Umbridge left the blackboard and settled 
herself in the chair behind the teachers desk, 
observing them all with those pouchy toads eyes. 
Harry turned to  five of his copy of Defensive 
Magical Theory and started to read. 

It was desperately dull, quite as bad as listening to 
Professor Binns. He felt his concentration sliding 
away from him; he had soon read the same line half a 
dozen times without taking in more than the first few 
words. Several silent minutes passed. Next to him, 

Ron was absentmindedly turning his quill over and 
over in his fingers, staring at the same spot on the 
. Harry looked right and received a surprise to 
shake him out of his torpor. Hermione had not even 
opened her copy of Defensive Magical Theory. She was 
staring fixedly at Professor Umbridge with her hand 
in the air. 

Harry could not remember Hermione ever neglecting 
to read when instructed to, or indeed resisting the 
temptation to open any book that came under her 
nose. He looked at her questioningly, but she merely 
shook her head slightly to indicate that she was not 
about to answer questions, and continued to stare at 
Professor Umbridge, who was looking just as 
resolutely in another direction. 

After several more minutes had passed, however, 
Harry was not the only one watching Hermione. The 
chapter they had been instructed to read was so 
tedious that more and more people were choosing to 
watch Hermiones mute attempt to catch Professor 
  306Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Umbridges eye than to struggle on with Basics for 
Beginners. 

When more than half the class were staring at 
Hermione rather than at their books, Professor 
Umbridge seemed to decide that she could ignore the 
situation no longer. 

Did you want to ask something about the chapter, 
dear? she asked Hermione, as though she had only 
just noticed her. 

Not about the chapter, no, said Hermione. 

Well, were reading just now, said Professor 
Umbridge, showing her small, pointed teeth. If you 
have other queries we can deal with them at the end 
of class. 

Ive got a query about your course aims, said 
Hermione. 

Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows. 

And your name is  ? 

Hermione Granger, said Hermione. 

Well, Miss Granger, I think the course aims are 
perfectly clear if you read them through carefully, 
said Professor Umbridge in a voice of determined 
sweetness. 

Well, I dont, said Hermione bluntly. Theres 
nothing written up there about using defensive 
spells. 



  307Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was a short silence in which many members of 
the class turned their heads to frown at the three 
course aims still written on the blackboard. 

 Using defensive spells? Professor Umbridge repeated 
with a little laugh. Why, I cant imagine any situation 
arising in my classroom that would require you to use 
a defensive spell, Miss Granger. You surely arent 
expecting to be attacked during class? 

Were not going to use magic? Ron ejaculated loudly. 

Students raise their hands when they wish to speak 
in my class, Mr.  ? 

Weasley, said Ron, thrusting his hand into the air. 

Professor Umbridge, smiling still more widely, turned 
her back on him. Harry and Hermione immediately 
raised their hands too. Professor Umbridges pouchy 
eyes lingered on Harry for a moment before she 
addressed Hermione. 

Yes, Miss Granger? You wanted to ask something 
else? 

Yes, said Hermione. Surely the whole point of 
Defense Against the Dark Arts is to practice defensive 
spells? 

Are you a Ministrytrained educational expert, Miss 
Granger? asked Professor Umbridge in her falsely 
sweet voice. 

No, but   

Well then, Im afraid you are not qualified to decide 
what the Svhole point of any class is. Wizards much 
older and cleverer than you have devised our new 

  308Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




program of study. You will be learning about 
defensive spells in a secure, riskfree way   

What use is that? said Harry loudly. If were going 
to be attacked it wont be in a   

Hand, Mr. Potter! sang Professor Umbridge. 

Harry thrust his fist in the air. Professor Umbridge 
promptly turned away from him again, but now 
several other people had their hands up too. 

And your name is? Professor Umbridge said to 
Dean. 

Dean Thomas. 

Well, Mr. Thomas? 

Well, its like Harry said, isnt it? said Dean. If were 
going to be attacked, it wont be riskfree   

I repeat, said Professor Umbridge, smiling in a very 
irritating fashion at Dean, do you expect to be 
attacked during my classes? 

No, but   

Professor Umbridge talked over him. 

I do not wish to criticize the way things have been 
run in this school, she said, an unconvincing smile 
stretching her wide mouth, but you have been 
exposed to some very irresponsible wizards in this 
class, very irresponsible indeed  not to mention, 
she gave a nasty little laugh, extremely dangerous 
halfbreeds. 



  309Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




If you mean Professor Lupin, piped up Dean 
Thomas angrily, he was the best we ever   

Hand, Mr. Thomas! As I was saying  you have been 
introduced to spells that have been complex, 
inappropriate to your age group, and potentially 
lethal. You have been frightened into believing that 
you are likely to meet Dark attacks every other day  



No we havent, Hermione said, we just   

Your hand is not up, Miss Grangeii 

Hermione put up her hand; Professor Umbridge 
turned away from her. 

It is my understanding that my predecessor not only 
performed illegal curses in front of you, he actually 
performed them on you   

Well, he turned out to be a maniac, didnt he? said 
Dean Thomas hotly. Mind you, we still learned loads 



Your hand is not up, Mr. ThomasY trilled Professor 
Umbridge. Now, it is the view of the Ministry that a 
theoretical knowledge will be more than sufficient to 
get you through your examination, which, after all, is 
what school is all about. And your name is? she 
added, staring at Parvati, whose hand had just shot 
up. 

Parvati Patil, and isnt there a practical bit in our 
Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L.? Arent we 
supposed to show that we can actually do the 
countercurses and things? 



  310Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




As long as you have studied the theory hard enough, 
there is no reason why you should not be able to 
perform the spells under carefully controlled 
examination conditions, said Professor Umbridge 
dismissively. 

Without ever practicing them before? said Parvati 
incredulously. Are you telling us that the first time 
well get to do the spells will be during our exam? 

I repeat, as long as you have studied the theory hard 
enough   

And what goods theory going to be in the real 
world? said Harry loudly, his fist in the air again. 

Professor Umbridge looked up. 

This is school, Mr. Potter, not the real world, she 
said softly. 

So were not supposed to be prepared for whats 
waiting out there? 

There is nothing waiting out there, Mr. Potter. 

Oh yeah? said Harry. His temper, which seemed to 
have been bubbling just beneath the surface all day, 
was reaching boiling point. 

Who do you imagine wants to attack children like 
yourselves? inquired Professor Umbridge in a 
horribly honeyed voice. 

Hmm, lets think ... said Harry in a mock thoughtful 
voice, maybe Lord Voldemort? 

Ron gasped; Lavender Brown uttered a little scream; 
Neville slipped sideways off his stool. Professor 

  311Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Umbridge, however, did not flinch. She was staring at 
Harry with a grimly satisfied expression on her face. 



Ten points from Gryffindor, Mr. Potter. 

The classroom was silent and still. Everyone was 
staring at either Umbridge or Harry. 

Now, let me make a few things quite plain. 

Professor Umbridge stood up and leaned toward 
them, her stubbyfingered hands splayed on her desk. 

You have been told that a certain Dark wizard has 
returned from the dead   

He wasnt dead, said Harry angrily, but yeah, hes 
returned! 

Mr.PotteryouhavealreadylostyourHouseten 
pointsdonotmakemattersworseforyourself, said 
Professor Umbridge in one breath without looking at 
him. As I was saying, you have been informed that a 
certain Dark wizard is at large once again. This is a 
lie. 

It is NOT a lie! said Harry. I saw him, I fought him! 

Detention, Mr. Potter! said Professor Umbridge 
triumphantly. Tomorrow evening. Five oclock. My 
office. I repeat, this is a lie. The Ministry of Magic 
guarantees that you are not in danger from any Dark 
wizard. If you are still worried, by all means come and 
see me outside class hours. If someone is alarming 
you with fibs about reborn Dark wizards, I would like 
to hear about it. I am here to help. I am your friend. 
And now, you will kindly continue your reading.  
five, Basics for Beginners.  

  312Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Umbridge sat down behind her desk again. 
Harry, however, stood up. Everyone was staring at 
him; Seamus looked halfscared, halffascinated. 

Harry, no! Hermione whispered in a warning voice, 
tugging at his sleeve, but Harry jerked his arm out of 
her reach. 

So, according to you, Cedric Diggory dropped dead of 
his own accord, did he? Harry asked, his voice 
shaking. 

There was a collective intake of breath from the class, 
for none of them, apart from Ron and Hermione, had 
ever heard Harry talk about what had happened on 
the night that Cedric had died. They stared avidly 
from Harry to Professor Umbridge, who had raised 
her eyes and was staring at him without a trace of a 
fake smile on her face. 

Cedric Diggorys death was a tragic accident, she 
said coldly. 

It was murder, said Harry. He could feel himself 
shaking. He had hardly talked to anyone about this, 
least of all thirty eagerly listening classmates. 
Voldemort killed him, and you know it. 

Professor Umbridges face was quite blank. For a 
moment he thought she was going to scream at him. 
Then she said, in her softest, most sweetly girlish 
voice, Come here, Mr. Potter, dear. 

He kicked his chair aside, strode around Ron and 
Hermione and up to the teachers desk. He could feel 
the rest of the class holding its breath. He felt so 
angry he did not care what happened next. 



  313Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Umbridge pulled a small roll of pink 
parchment out of her handbag, stretched it out on the 
desk, dipped her quill into a bottle of ink, and started 
scribbling, hunched over so that Harry could not see 
what she was writing. Nobody spoke. After a minute 
or so she rolled up the parchment and tapped it with 
her wand; it sealed itself seamlessly so that he could 
not open it. 

Take this to Professor McGonagall, dear, said 
Professor Umbridge, holding out the note to him. 

He took it from her without saying a word and left the 
room, not even looking back at Ron and Hermione, 
and slamming the classroom door shut behind him. 
He walked very fast along the corridor, the note to 
McGonagall clutched tight in his hand, and turning a 
corner walked slap into Peeves the Poltergeist, a wide 
faced little man floating on his back in midair, 
juggling several inkwells. 

Why, its Potty Wee Potter! cackled Peeves, allowing 
two of the inkwells to fall to the ground where they 
smashed and spattered the walls with ink; Harry 
jumped backward out of the way with a snarl. 

Get out of it, Peeves. 

Oooh, Crackpots feeling cranky, said Peeves, 
pursuing Harry along the corridor, leering as he 
zoomed along above him. What is it this time, my 
fine Potty friend? Hearing voices? Seeing visions? 
Speaking in  Peeves blew a gigantic raspberry  
tongues? 

I said, leave me ALONE! Harry shouted, running 
down the nearest flight of stairs, but Peeves merely 
slid down the banister on his back beside him. 



  314Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh, most think hes barking, the Potty wee lad, 

But some are more kindly and think hes just sad, 

But Peevesy knows better and says that hes mad   
SHUT UP! 

A door to his left flew open and Professor McGonagall 
emerged from her office looking grim and slightly 
harassed. 

What on earth are you shouting about, Potter? she 
snapped, as Peeves cackled gleefully and zoomed out 
of sight. Why arent you in class? 

Ive been sent to see you, said Harry stiffly. 

Sent? What do you mean, sent? 

He held out the note from Professor Umbridge. 
Professor McGonagall took it from him, frowning, slit 
it open with a tap of her wand, stretched it out, and 
began to read. Her eyes zoomed from side to side 
behind their square spectacles as she read what 
Umbridge had written, and with each line they 
became narrower. 

Come in here, Potter. 

He followed her inside her study. The door closed 
automatically behind him. 

Well? said Professor McGonagall, rounding on him. 
Is this true? 

Is what true? Harry asked, rather more aggressively 
than he had intended. Professor? he added in an 
attempt to sound more polite. 

  315Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge? 
Yes, said Harry. 

You called her a liar? 

Yes. 

You told her HeWhoMustNotBeNamed is back? 
Yes. 

Professor McGonagall sat down behind her desk, 
frowning at Harry. Then she said, Have a biscuit, 
Potter. 

Have  what? 

Have a biscuit, she repeated impatiently, indicating 
a tartan tin of cookies lying on top of one of the piles 
of papers on her desk. And sit down. 

There had been a previous occasion when Harry, 
expecting to be caned by Professor McGonagall, had 
instead been appointed by her to the Gryffindor 
Quidditch team. He sank into a chair opposite her 
and helped himself to a Ginger Newt, feeling just as 
confused and wrongfooted as he had done on that 
occasion. 

Professor McGonagall set down Professor Umbridges 
note and looked very seriously at Harry. 

Potter, you need to be careful. 

Harry swallowed his mouthful of Ginger Newt and 
stared at her. Her tone of voice was not at all what he 
was used to; it was not brisk, crisp, and stern; it was 



  316Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




low and anxious and somehow much more human 
than usual. 

Misbehavior in Dolores Umbridges class could cost 
you much more than House points and a detention. 

What do you  ? 

Potter, use your common sense, snapped Professor 
McGonagall, with an abrupt return to her usual 
manner. You know where she comes from, you must 
know to whom she is reporting. 

The bell rang for the end of the lesson. Overhead and 
all around came the elephantine sounds of hundreds 
of students on the move. 

It says here shes given you detention every evening 
this week, starting tomorrow, Professor McGonagall 
said, looking down at Umbridges note again. 

Every evening this week! Harry repeated, horrified. 
But, Professor, couldnt you  ? 

No, I couldnt, said Professor McGonagall flatly. 

But   

She is your teacher and has every right to give you 
detention. You will go to her room at five oclock 
tomorrow for the first one. Just remember: Tread 
carefully around Dolores Umbridge. 

But I was telling the truth! said Harry, outraged. 
Voldemorts back, you know he is, Professor 
Dumbledore knows he is   

For heavens sake, Potter! said Professor 
McGonagall, straightening her glasses angrily (she 

  317Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




had winced horribly when he had used Voldemorts 
name). Do you really think this is about truth or 
lies? Its about keeping your head down and your 
temper under control! 

She stood up, nostrils wide and mouth very thin, and 
he stood too. 

Have another biscuit, she said irritably, thrusting 
the tin at him. 

No, thanks, said Harry coldly. 

Dont be ridiculous, she snapped. 

He took one. 

Thanks, he said grudgingly. 

Didnt you listen to Dolores Umbridges speech at the 
startofterm feast, Potter? 

Yeah, said Harry. Yeah ... she said ... progress will 
be prohibited or ... well, it meant that ... that the 
Ministry of Magic is trying to interfere at Hogwarts. 

Professor McGonagall eyed him for a moment, then 
sniffed, walked around her desk, and held open the 
door for him. 

Well, Im glad you listen to Hermione Granger at any 
rate, she said, pointing him out of her office. 



  318Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






DETENTION WITH DOLORES 

Dinner in the Great Hall that night was not a pleasant 
experience for Harry. The news about his shouting 
match with Umbridge seemed to have traveled 
exceptionally fast even by Hogwarts standards. He 
heard whispers all around him as he sat eating 
between Ron and Hermione. The funny thing was that 
none of the whisperers seemed to mind him 
overhearing what they were saying about him  on 
the contrary, it was as though they were hoping he 
would get angry and start shouting again, so that 
they could hear his story firsthand. 

He says he saw Cedric Diggory murdered... 

He reckons he dueled with YouKnowWho... 

Come off it... 

Who does he think hes kidding? 

Pur  lease ... 



  319Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



What I dont get, said Harry in a shaking voice, 
laying down his knife and fork (his hands were 
trembling too much to hold them steady), is why they 
all believed the story two months ago when 
Dumbledore told them... 

The thing is, Harry, Im not sure they did, said 
Hermione grimly. Oh, lets get out of here. 

She slammed down her own knife and fork; Ron 
looked sadly at his halffinished apple pie but 
followed suit. People stared at them all the way out of 
the Hall. 

What dyou mean, youre not sure they believed 
Dumbledore? Harry asked Hermione when they 
reached the firstfloor landing. 

Look, you dont understand what it was like after it 
happened, said Hermione quietly. You arrived back 
in the middle of the lawn clutching Cedrics dead 
body... None of us saw what happened in the maze... 
We just had Dumbledores word for it that YouKnow 
Who had come back and killed Cedric and fought 
you. 

Which is the truth! said Harry loudly. 

I know it is, Harry, so will you please stop biting my 
head off? said Hermione wearily. Its just that before 
the truth could sink in, everyone went home for the 
summer, where they spent two months reading about 
how youre a nutcase and Dumbledores going senile! 

Rain pounded on the windowpanes as they strode 
along the empty corridors back to Gryffindor Tower. 
Harry felt as though his first day had lasted a week, 
but he still had a mountain of homework to do before 
bed. A dull pounding pain was developing over his 
  320Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




right eye. He glanced out of a rainwashed window at 
the dark grounds as they turned into the Fat Ladys 
corridor. There was still no light in Hagrids cabin. 

Mimbulus mimbletonia, said Hermione, before the 
Fat Lady could ask. The portrait swung open to reveal 
the hole behind and the three of them scrambled 
back through it. 

The common room was almost empty; nearly everyone 
was still down at dinner. Crookshanks uncoiled 
himself from an armchair and trotted to meet them, 
purring loudly, and when Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
took their three favorite chairs at the fireside he leapt 
lightly into Hermione s lap and curled up there like a 
furry ginger cushion. Harry gazed into the flames, 
feeling drained and exhausted. 

How can Dumbledore have let this happen? 
Hermione cried suddenly, making Harry and Ron 
jump; Crookshanks leapt off her, looking affronted. 
She pounded the arms of her chair in fury, so that 
bits of stuffing leaked out of the holes. How can he 
let that terrible woman teach us? And in our O.W.L. 
year too! 

Well, weve never had great Defense Against the Dark 
Arts teachers, have we? said Harry. You know what 
its like, Hagrid told us, nobody wants the job, they 
say its jinxed. 

Yes, but to employ someone whos actually refusing 
to let us do magic! Whats Dumbledore playing at? 

And shes trying to get people to spy for her, said 
Ron darkly. Remember when she said she wanted us 
to come and tell her if we hear anyone saying You 
Know Whos back? 



  321Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Of course shes here to spy on us all, thats obvious, 
why else would Fudge have wanted her to come? 
snapped Hermione. 

Dont start arguing again, said Harry wearily, as 
Ron opened his mouth to retaliate. Cant we just ... 
Lets just do that homework, get it out of the way... 

They collected their schoolbags from a corner and 
returned to the chairs by the fire. People were coming 
back from dinner now. Harry kept his face averted 
from the portrait hole, but could still sense the stares 
he was attracting. 

Shall we do Snapes stuff first? said Ron, dipping 
his quill into his ink.  The properties ...of moonstone 
... and its uses ...in potionmaking ...  he muttered, 
writing the words across the top of his parchment as 
he spoke them. There. He underlined the title, then 
looked up expectantly at Hermione. 

So what are the properties of moonstone and its uses 
in potionmaking? 

But Hermione was not listening; she was squinting 
over into the far corner of the room, where Fred, 
George, and Lee Jordan were now sitting at the center 
of a knot of innocentlooking first years, all of whom 
were chewing something that seemed to have come 
out of a large paper bag that Fred was holding. 

No, Im sorry, theyve gone too far, she said, 
standing up and looking positively furious. Come on, 
Ron. 

I  what? said Ron, plainly playing for time. No  
come on, Hermione  we cant tell them off for giving 
out sweets... 



  322Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You know perfectly well that those are bits of 
Nosebleed Nougat or  or Puking Pastilles or   

Fainting Fancies? Harry suggested quietly. 

One by one, as though hit over the heads with 
invisible mallets, the first years were slumping 
unconscious in their seats; some slid right onto the 
floor, others merely hung over the arms of their 
chairs, their tongues lolling out. Most of the people 
watching were laughing; Hermione, however, squared 
her shoulders and marched directly over to where 
Fred and George now stood with clipboards, closely 
observing the unconscious first years. Ron rose 
halfway out of his chair, hovered uncertainly for a 
moment or two, then muttered to Harry, Shes got it 
under control, before sinking as low in his chair as 
his lanky frame permitted. 

Thats enough! Hermione said forcefully to Fred and 
George, both of whom looked up in mild surprise. 

Yeah, youre right, said George, nodding, this 
dosage looks strong enough, doesnt it? 

I told you this morning, you cant test your rubbish 
on students! 

Were paying them! said Fred indignantly. 

I dont care, it could be dangerous! 

Rubbish, said Fred. 

Calm down, Hermione, theyre fine! said Lee 
reassuringly as he walked from first year to first year, 
inserting purple sweets into their open mouths. 

Yeah, look, theyre coming round now, said George. 

  323Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




A few of the first years were indeed stirring. Several 
looked so shocked to find themselves lying on the 
floor, or dangling off their chairs, that Harry was sure 
Fred and George had not warned them what the 
sweets were going to do. 

Feel all right? said George kindly to a small dark 
haired girl lying at his feet. 

II think so, she said shakily. 

Excellent, said Fred happily, but the next second 
Hermione had snatched both his clipboard and the 
paper bag of Fainting Fancies from his hands. 

It is NOT excellent! 

 Course it is, theyre alive, arent they? said Fred 
angrily. 

You cant do this, what if you made one of them 
really ill? 

Were not going to make them ill, weve already tested 
them all on ourselves, this is just to see if everyone 
reacts the same   

If you dont stop doing it, Im going to   

Put us in detention? said Fred in an Idliketosee 
youtryit voice. 

Make us write lines? said George, smirking. 

Onlookers all over the room were laughing. Hermione 
drew herself up to her full height; her eyes were 
narrowed and her bushy hair seemed to crackle with 
electricity. 



  324Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, she said, her voice quivering with anger, but I 
will write to your mother. 



You wouldnt, said George, horrified, taking a step 
back from her. 

Oh, yes, I would, said Hermione grimly. I cant stop 
you eating the stupid things yourselves, but youre 
not giving them to first years. 

Fred and George looked thunderstruck. It was clear 
that as far as they were concerned, Hermione s threat 
was way below the belt. With a last threatening look 
at them, she thrust Freds clipboard and the bag of 
Fancies back into his arms and stalked back to her 
chair by the fire. 

Ron was now so low in his seat that his nose was 
roughly level with his knees. 

Thank you for your support, Ron, Hermione said 
acidly. 

You handled it fine by yourself, Ron mumbled. 

Hermione stared down at her blank piece of 
parchment for a few seconds, then said edgily, Oh, 
its no good, I cant concentrate now. Im going to 
bed. 

She wrenched her bag open; Harry thought she was 
about to put her books away, but instead she pulled 
out two misshapen woolly objects, placed them 
carefully on a table by the fireplace, covered them 
with a few screwedup bits of parchment and a 
broken quill, and stood back to admire the effect. 

What in the name of Merlin are you doing? said 
Ron, watching her as though fearful for her sanity. 

  325Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Theyre hats for houseelves, she said briskly, now 
stuffing her books back into her bag. I did them over 
the summer. Im a really slow knitter without magic, 
but now Im back at school I should be able to make 
lots more. 

Youre leaving out hats for the houseelves? said 
Ron slowly. And youre covering them up with 
rubbish first? 

Yes, said Hermione defiantly, swinging her bag onto 
her back. 

Thats not on, said Ron angrily. Youre trying to 
trick them into picking up the hats. Youre setting 
them free when they might not want to be free. 

Of course they want to be free! said Hermione at 
once, though her face was turning pink. Dont you 
dare touch those hats, Ron! 

She left. Ron waited until she had disappeared 
through the door to the girls dormitories, then 
cleared the rubbish off the woolly hats. 

They should at least see what theyre picking up, he 
said firmly. Anyway ... He rolled up the parchment 
on which he had written the title of Snapes essay. 
Theres no point trying to finish this now, I cant do it 
without Hermione, I havent got a clue what youre 
supposed to do with moonstones, have you? 

Harry shook his head, noticing as he did so that the 
ache in his right temple was getting worse. He 
thought of the long essay on giant wars and the pain 
stabbed at him sharply. Knowing perfectly well that 
he would regret not finishing his homework tonight 
when the morning came, he piled his books back into 
his bag. 

  326Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tm going to bed too. 

He passed Seamus on the way to the door leading to 
the dormitories, but did not look at him. Harry had a 
fleeting impression that Seamus had opened his 
mouth to speak, but sped up, and reached the 
soothing peace of the stone spiral staircase without 
having to endure any more provocation. 

The following day dawned just as leaden and rainy as 
the previous one. Hagrid was still absent from the 
staff table at breakfast. 

But on the plus side, no Snape today, said Ron 
bracingly. 

Hermione yawned widely and poured herself some 
coffee. She looked mildly pleased about something, 
and when Ron asked her what she had to be so happy 
about, she simply said, The hats have gone. Seems 
the houseelves do want freedom after all. 

I wouldnt bet on it, Ron told her cuttingly. They 
might not count as clothes. They didnt look anything 
like hats to me, more like woolly bladders. 

Hermione did not speak to him all morning. 

Double Charms was succeeded by double 
Transfiguration. Professor Flitwick and Professor 
McGonagall both spent the first fifteen minutes of 
their lessons lecturing the class on the importance of 
O.W.L.s. 

What you must remember, said little Professor 
Flitwick squeakily, perched as ever on a pile of books 
so that he could see over the top of his desk, is that 
these examinations may influence your futures for 
many years to come! If you have not already given 
  327Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




serious thought to your careers, now is the time to do 
so. And in the meantime, Im afraid, we shall be 
working harder than ever to ensure that you all do 
yourselves justice! 

They then spent more than an hour reviewing 
Summoning Charms, which according to Professor 
Flitwick were bound to come up in their O.W.L., and 
he rounded off the lesson by setting them their largest 
amount of Charms homework ever. 

It was the same, if not worse, in Transfiguration. 

You cannot pass an O.W.L., said Professor 
McGonagall grimly, without serious application, 
practice, and study. I see no reason why everybody in 
this class should not achieve an O.W.L. in 
Transfiguration as long as they put in the work. 
Neville made a sad little disbelieving noise. Yes, you 
too, Longbottom, said Professor McGonagall. Theres 
nothing wrong with your work except lack of 
confidence. So ... today we are starting Vanishing 
Spells. These are easier than Conjuring Spells, which 
you would not usually attempt until N.E.W.T. level, 
but they are still among the most difficult magic you 
will be tested on in your O.W.L. 

She was quite right; Harry found the Vanishing Spells 
horribly difficult. By the end of a double period, 
neither he nor Ron had managed to vanish the snails 
on which they were practicing, though Ron said 
hopefully that he thought his looked a bit paler. 
Hermione, on the other hand, successfully vanished 
her snail on the third attempt, earning her a tenpoint 
bonus for Gryffindor from Professor McGonagall. She 
was the only person not given homework; everybody 
else was told to practice the spell overnight, ready for 
a fresh attempt on their snails the following 
afternoon. 

  328Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Now panicking slightly about the amount of 
homework they had to do, Harry and Ron spent their 
lunch hour in the library looking up the uses of 
moonstones in potionmaking. Still angry about Rons 
slur on her woolly hats, Hermione did not join them. 
By the time they reached Care of Magical Creatures in 
the afternoon, Harrys head was aching again. 

The day had become cool and breezy, and, as they 
walked down the sloping lawn toward Hagrids cabin 
on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, they felt the 
occasional drop of rain on their faces. Professor 
GrubblyPlank stood waiting for the class some ten 
yards from Hagrids front door, a long trestle table in 
front of her laden with many twigs. As Harry and Ron 
reached her, a loud shout of laughter sounded behind 
them; turning, they saw Draco Malfoy striding toward 
them, surrounded by his usual gang of Slytherin 
cronies. He had clearly just said something highly 
amusing, because Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson, 
and the rest continued to snigger heartily as they 
gathered around the trestle table. Judging by the fact 
that all of them kept looking over at Harry, he was 
able to guess the subject of the joke without too much 
difficulty. 

Everyone here? barked Professor GrubblyPlank, 
once all the Slytherins and Gryffindors had arrived. 
Lets crack on then  who can tell me what these 
things are called? 

She indicated the heap of twigs in front of her. 
Hermione s hand shot into the air. Behind her back, 
Malfoy did a bucktoothed imitation of her jumping 
up and down in eagerness to answer a question. 

Pansy Parkinson gave a shriek of laughter that turned 
almost at once into a scream, as the twigs on the 
table leapt into the air and revealed themselves to be 
what looked like tiny pixieish creatures made of wood, 
  329Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




each with knobbly brown arms and legs, two twiglike 
fingers at the end of each hand, and a funny, flat, 
barklike face in which a pair of beetlebrown eyes 
glittered. 

Oooooh! said Parvati and Lavender, thoroughly 
irritating Harry: Anyone would have thought that 
Hagrid never showed them impressive creatures; 
admittedly the flobberworms had been a bit dull, but 
the salamanders and hippogriffs had been interesting 
enough, and the BlastEnded Skrewts perhaps too 
much so. 

Kindly keep your voices down, girls! said Professor 
GrubblyPlank sharply, scattering a handful of what 
looked like brown rice among the stickcreatures, who 
immediately fell upon the food. So  anyone know 
the names of these creatures? Miss Granger? 

Bowtruckles, said Hermione. Theyre tree 
guardians, usually live in wandtrees. 

Five points for Gryffindor, said Professor Grubbly 
Plank. Yes, these are bowtruckles and, as Miss 
Granger rightly says, they generally live in trees 
whose wood is of wand quality. Anybody know what 
they eat? 

Wood lice, said Hermione promptly, which explained 
why what Harry had taken for grains of brown rice 
were moving. But fairy eggs if they can get them. 

Good girl, take another five points. So whenever you 
need leaves or wood from a tree in which a 
bowtruckle lodges, it is wise to have a gift of wood lice 
ready to distract or placate it. They may not look 
dangerous, but if angered they will gouge out human 
eyes with their fingers, which, as you can see, are 
very sharp and not at all desirable near the eyeballs. 
  330Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




So if youd like to gather closer, take a few wood lice 
and a bowtruckle  I have enough here for one 
between three  you can study them more closely. I 
want a sketch from each of you with all body parts 
labeled by the end of the lesson. 

The class surged forward around the trestle table. 
Harry deliberately circled around the back so that he 
ended up right next to Professor GrubblyPlank. 

Wheres Hagrid? he asked her, while everyone else 
was choosing bowtruckles. 

Never you mind, said Professor GrubblyPlank 
repressively, which had been her attitude last time 
Hagrid had failed to turn up for a class too. Smirking 
all over his pointed face, Draco Malfoy leaned across 
Harry and seized the largest bowtruckle. 

Maybe, said Malfoy in an undertone, so that only 
Harry could hear him, the stupid great oafs got 
himself badly injured. 

Maybe you will if you dont shut up, said Harry out 
of the side of his mouth. 

Maybe hes been messing with stuff thats too big for 
him, if you get my drift. 

Malfoy walked away, smirking over his shoulder at 
Harry, who suddenly felt sick. Did Malfoy know 
something? His father was a Death Eater, after all; 
what if he had information about Hagrid s fate that 
had not yet reached the Orders ears? He hurried 
back around the table to Ron and Hermione, who 
were squatting on the grass some distance away and 
attempting to persuade a bowtruckle to remain still 
long enough to draw it. Harry pulled out parchment 



  331Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and quill, crouched down beside the others, and 
related in a whisper what Malfoy had just said. 

Dumbledore would know if something had happened 
to Hagrid, said Hermione at once. Its just playing 
into Malfoys hands to look worried, it tells him we 
dont know exactly whats going on. Weve got to 
ignore him, Harry. Here, hold the bowtruckle for a 
moment, just so I can draw its face... 

Yes, came Malfoys clear drawl from the group 
nearest them, Father was talking to the Minister just 
a couple of days ago, you know, and it sounds as 
though the Ministrys really determined to crack down 
on substandard teaching in this place. So even if that 
overgrown moron does show up again, hell probably 
be sent packing straight away. 

OUCH! 

Harry had gripped the bowtruckle so hard that it had 
almost snapped; it had just taken a great retaliatory 
swipe at his hand with its sharp fingers, leaving two 
long deep cuts there. Harry dropped it; Crabbe and 
Goyle, who had already been guffawing at the idea of 
Hagrid being sacked, laughed still harder as the 
bowtruckle set off at full tilt toward the forest, a little, 
moving stickman soon swallowed up by the tree roots. 
When the bell echoed distantly over the grounds 
Harry rolled up his bloodstained bowtruckle picture 
and marched off to Herbology with his hand wrapped 
in a handkerchief of Hermione s and Malfoys derisive 
laughter still ringing in his ears. 

If he calls Hagrid a moron one more time ... snarled 
Harry. 



  332Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry, dont go picking a row with Malfoy, dont 
forget, hes a prefect now, he could make life difficult 
for you... 

Wow, I wonder what itd be like to have a difficult 
life? said Harry sarcastically. Ron laughed, but 
Hermione frowned. Together they traipsed across the 
vegetable patch. The sky still appeared unable to 
make up its mind whether it wanted to rain or not. 

I just wish Hagrid would hurry up and get back, 
thats all, said Harry in a low voice, as they reached 
the greenhouses. And dont say that GrubblyPlank 
womans a better teacher! he added threateningly. 

I wasnt going to, said Hermione calmly. 

Because shell never be as good as Hagrid, said 
Harry firmly, fully aware that he had just experienced 
an exemplary Care of Magical Creatures lesson and 
was thoroughly annoyed about it. 

The door of the nearest greenhouse opened and some 
fourth years spilled out of it, including Ginny. 

Hi, she said brightly as she passed. A few seconds 
later, Luna Lovegood emerged, trailing behind the rest 
of the class, a smudge of earth on her nose and her 
hair tied in a knot on the top of her head. When she 
saw Harry, her prominent eyes seemed to bulge 
excitedly and she made a beeline straight for him. 
Many of his classmates turned curiously to watch. 
Luna took a great breath and then said, without so 
much as a preliminary hello: I believe HeWhoMust 
NotBeNamed is back, and I believe you fought him 
and escaped from him. 

Er  right, said Harry awkwardly. Luna was 
wearing what looked like a pair of orange radishes for 

  333Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




earrings, a fact that Parvati and Lavender seemed to 
have noticed, as they were both giggling and pointing 
at her earlobes. 

You can laugh! Luna said, her voice rising, 
apparently under the impression that Parvati and 
Lavender were laughing at what she had said rather 
than what she was wearing. But people used to 
believe there were no such things as the Blibbering 
Humdinger or the CrumpleHorned Snorkack! 

Well, they were right, werent they? said Hermione 
impatiently. There werent any such things as the 
Blibbering Humdinger or the CrumpleHorned 
Snorkack. 

Luna gave her a withering look and flounced away, 
radishes swinging madly. Parvati and Lavender were 
not the only ones hooting with laughter now. 

Dyou mind not offending the only people who believe 
me? Harry asked Hermione as they made their way 
into class. 

Oh, for heavens sake, Harry, you can do better than 
her, said Hermione. Ginnys told me all about her, 
apparently shell only believe in things as long as 
theres no proof at all. Well, I wouldnt expect 
anything else from someone whose father runs The 
Quibbler. 

Harry thought of the sinister winged horses he had 
seen on the night he had arrived and how Luna had 
said she could see them too. His spirits sank slightly. 
Had she been lying? But before he could devote much 
more thought to the matter, Ernie Macmillan had 
stepped up to him. 



  334Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I want you to know, Potter, he said in a loud, 
carrying voice, that its not only weirdos who support 
you. I personally believe you one hundred percent. My 
family have always stood firm behind Dumbledore, 
and so do I. 

Er  thanks very much, Ernie, said Harry, taken 
aback but pleased. Ernie might be pompous on 
occasions like these, but Harry was in a mood to 
deeply appreciate a vote of confidence from somebody 
who was not wearing radishes in their ears. Ernies 
words had certainly wiped the smile from Lavender 
Browns face and, as he turned to talk to Ron and 
Hermione, Harry caught Seamuss expression, which 
looked both confused and defiant. 

To nobodys surprise, Professor Sprout started their 
lesson by lecturing them about the importance of 
O.W.L.s. Harry wished all the teachers would stop 
doing this; he was starting to get an anxious, twisted 
feeling in his stomach every time he remembered how 
much homework he had to do, a feeling that 
worsened dramatically when Professor Sprout gave 
them yet another essay at the end of class. Tired and 
smelling strongly of dragon dung, Professor Sprouts 
preferred brand of fertilizer, the Gryffindors trooped 
back up to the castle an hour and a half later, none of 
them talking very much; it had been another long 
day. 

As Harry was starving, and he had his first detention 
with Umbridge at five oclock, he headed straight for 
dinner without dropping off his bag in Gryffindor 
Tower so that he could bolt something down before 
facing whatever she had in store for him. He had 
barely reached the entrance of the Great Hall, 
however, when a loud and angry voice said, Oy, 
Potter! 



  335Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What now? he muttered wearily, turning to face 
Angelina Johnson, who looked as though she was in a 
towering temper. 

Ill tell you what now, she said, marching straight 
up to him and poking him hard in the chest with her 
finger. How come youve landed yourself in detention 
for five oclock on Friday? 

What? said Harry. Why ... oh yeah, Keeper tryouts! 

Now he remembers! snarled Angelina. Didnt I tell 
you I wanted to do a tryout with the whole team, and 
find someone who fitted in with everyone? Didnt I tell 
you Id booked the Quidditch pitch specially? And 
now youve decided youre not going to be there! 

I didnt decide not to be there! said Harry, stung by 
the injustice of these words. I got detention from that 
Umbridge woman, just because I told her the truth 
about YouKnowWho   

Well, you can just go straight to her and ask her to 
let you off on Friday, said Angelina fiercely, and I 
dont care how you do it, tell her YouKnowWho s a 
figment of your imagination if you like, just make sure 
youre therel 

She stormed away. 

You know what? Harry said to Ron and Hermione as 
they entered the Great Hall. I think wed better check 
with Puddlemere United whether Oliver Woods been 
killed during a training session, because she seems to 
be channeling his spirit. 

What dyou reckon are the odds of Umbridge letting 
you off on Friday? said Ron skeptically, as they sat 
down at the Gryffindor table. 

  336Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Less than zero, said Harry glumly, tipping lamb 
chops onto his plate and starting to eat. Better try, 
though, hadnt I? Ill offer to do two more detentions 
or something, I dunno... He swallowed a mouthful of 
potato and added, I hope she doesnt keep me too 
long this evening. You realize weve got to write three 
essays, practice Vanishing Spells for McGonagall, 
work out a countercharm for Flitwick, finish the 
bowtruckle drawing, and start that stupid dream 
diary for Trelawney? 

Ron moaned and for some reason glanced up at the 
ceiling. 

And it looks like its going to rain. 

Whats that got to do with our homework? said 
Hermione, her eyebrows raised. 

Nothing, said Ron at once, his ears reddening. 

At five to five Harry bade the other two goodbye and 
set off for Umbridges office on the third floor. When 
he knocked on the door she said, Come in, in a 
sugary voice. He entered cautiously, looking around. 

He had known this office under three of its previous 
occupants. In the days when Gilderoy Lockhart had 
lived here it had been plastered in beaming portraits 
of its owner. When Lupin had occupied it, it was likely 
you would meet some fascinating Dark creature in a 
cage or tank if you came to call. In the impostor 
Moodys days it had been packed with various 
instruments and artifacts for the detection of 
wrongdoing and concealment. 

Now, however, it looked totally unrecognizable. The 
surfaces had all been draped in lacy covers and 
cloths. There were several vases full of dried flowers, 

  337Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




each residing on its own doily, and on one of the walls 
was a collection of ornamental plates, each decorated 
with a large technicolor kitten wearing a different bow 
around its neck. These were so foul that Harry stared 
at them, transfixed, until Professor Umbridge spoke 
again. 

Good evening, Mr. Potter. 

Harry started and looked around. He had not noticed 
her at first because she was wearing a luridly 
flowered set of robes that blended only too well with 
the tablecloth on the desk behind her. 

Evening, Harry said stiffly. 

Well, sit down, she said, pointing toward a small 
table draped in lace beside which she had drawn up a 
straightbacked chair. A piece of blank parchment lay 
on the table, apparently waiting for him. 

Er, said Harry, without moving. Professor 
Umbridge? Er  before we start, II wanted to ask 
you a ... a favor. 

Her bulging eyes narrowed. 

Oh yes? 

Well Im ... Im on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. 

And I was supposed to be at the tryouts for the new 
Keeper at five oclock on Friday and I was  was 
wondering whether I could skip detention that night 
and do it  do it another night ... instead ... 

He knew long before he reached the end of his 
sentence that it was no good. 



  338Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh no, said Umbridge, smiling so widely that she 
looked as though she had just swallowed a 
particularly juicy fly. Oh no, no, no. This is your 
punishment for spreading evil, nasty, attention 
seeking stories, Mr. Potter, and punishments 
certainly cannot be adjusted to suit the guilty ones 
convenience. No, you will come here at five oclock 
tomorrow, and the next day, and on Friday too, and 
you will do your detentions as planned. I think it 
rather a good thing that you are missing something 
you really want to do. It ought to reinforce the lesson I 
am trying to teach you. 

Harry felt the blood surge to his head and heard a 
thumping noise in his ears. So he told evil, nasty, 
attentionseeking stories, did he? 

She was watching him with her head slightly to one 
side, still smiling widely, as though she knew exactly 
what he was thinking and was waiting to see whether 
he would start shouting again. With a massive effort 
Harry looked away from her, dropped his schoolbag 
beside the straightbacked chair, and sat down. 

There, said Umbridge sweetly, were getting better 
at controlling our temper already, arent we? Now, you 
are going to be doing some lines for me, Mr. Potter. 

No, not with your quill, she added, as Harry bent 
down to open his bag. Youre going to be using a 
rather special one of mine. Here you are. 

She handed him a long, thin black quill with an 
unusually sharp point. 

I want you to write  I must not tell lies,  she told him 
softly. 

How many times? Harry asked, with a creditable 
imitation of politeness. 

  339Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh, as long as it takes for the message to sink in, 
said Umbridge sweetly. Off you go. 

She moved over to her desk, sat down, and bent over 
a stack of parchment that looked like essays for 
marking. Harry raised the sharp black quill and then 
realized what was missing. 

You havent given me any ink, he said. 

Oh, you wont need ink, said Professor Umbridge 
with the merest suggestion of a laugh in her voice. 

Harry placed the point of the quill on the paper and 
wrote: I must not tell lies. 

He let out a gasp of pain. The words had appeared on 
the parchment in what appeared to be shining red 
ink. At the same time, the words had appeared on the 
back of Harrys right hand, cut into his skin as 
though traced there by a scalpel  yet even as he 
stared at the shining cut, the skin healed over again, 
leaving the place where it had been slightly redder 
than before but quite smooth. 

Harry looked around at Umbridge. She was watching 
him, her wide, toadlike mouth stretched in a smile. 

Yes? 

Nothing, said Harry quietly. 

He looked back at the parchment, placed the quill 
upon it once more, wrote I must not tell lies, and felt 
the searing pain on the back of his hand for a second 
time; once again the words had been cut into his 
skin, once again they healed over seconds later. 



  340Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And on it went. Again and again Harry wrote the 
words on the parchment in what he soon came to 
realize was not ink, but his own blood. And again and 
again the words were cut into the back of his hand, 
healed, and then reappeared the next time he set quill 
to parchment. 

Darkness fell outside Umbridges window. Harry did 
not ask when he would be allowed to stop. He did not 
even check his watch. He knew she was watching him 
for signs of weakness and he was not going to show 
any, not even if he had to sit here all night, cutting 
open his own hand with this quill... 

Come here, she said, after what seemed hours. 

He stood up. His hand was stinging painfully. When 
he looked down at it he saw that the cut had healed, 
but that the skin there was red raw. 

Hand, she said. 

He extended it. She took it in her own. Harry 
repressed a shudder as she touched him with her 
thick, stubby fingers on which she wore a number of 
ugly old rings. 

Tut, tut, I dont seem to have made much of an 
impression yet, she said, smiling. Well, well just 
have to try again tomorrow evening, wont we? You 
may go. 

Harry left her office without a word. The school was 
quite deserted; it was surely past midnight. He 
walked slowly up the corridor then, when he had 
turned the corner and was sure that she would not 
hear him, broke into a run. 



  341Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He had not had time to practice Vanishing Spells, had 
not written a single dream in his dream diary, and 
had not finished the drawing of the bowtruckle, nor 
had he written his essays. He skipped breakfast next 
morning to scribble down a couple of madeup 
dreams for Divination, their first lesson, and was 
surprised to find a disheveled Ron keeping him 
company. 

How come you didnt do it last night? Harry asked, 
as Ron stared wildly around the common room for 
inspiration. Ron, who had been fast asleep when 
Harry got back to the dormitory, muttered something 
about doing other stuff, bent low over his 
parchment, and scrawled a few words. 

Thatll have to do, he said, slamming the diary shut, 
Ive said I dreamed I was buying a new pair of shoes, 
she cant make anything weird out of that, can she? 

They hurried off to North Tower together. 

How was detention with Umbridge, anyway? What 
did she make you do? 

Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, then said, 
Lines. 

Thats not too bad, then, eh? said Ron. 

Nope, said Harry. 

Hey  I forgot  did she let you off for Friday? 

No, said Harry. 

Ron groaned sympathetically. 



  342Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It was another bad day for Harry; he was one of the 
worst in Transfiguration, not having practiced 
Vanishing Spells at all. He had to give up his lunch 
hour to complete the picture of the bowtruckle, and 
meanwhile, Professors McGonagall, GrubblyPlank, 
and Sinistra gave them yet more homework, which he 
had no prospect of finishing that evening because of 
his second detention with Umbridge. To cap it all, 
Angelina Johnson tracked him down at dinner again 
and, on learning that he would not be able to attend 
Fridays Keeper tryouts, told him she was not at all 
impressed by his attitude and that she expected 
players who wished to remain on the team to put 
training before their other commitments. 

Im in detention! Harry yelled after her as she 
stalked away. Dyou think Id rather be stuck in a 
room with that old toad or playing Quidditch? 

At least its only lines, said Hermione consolingly, as 
Harry sank back onto his bench and looked down at 
his steakandkidney pie, which he no longer fancied 
very much. Its not as if its a dreadful punishment, 
really... 

Harry opened his mouth, closed it again, and nodded. 
He was not really sure why he was not telling Ron 
and Hermione exactly what was happening in 
Umbridge s room: He only knew that he did not want 
to see their looks of horror; that would make the 
whole thing seem worse and therefore more difficult 
to face. He also felt dimly that this was between 
himself and Umbridge, a private battle of wills, and he 
was not going to give her the satisfaction of hearing 
that he had complained about it. 

I cant believe how much homework weve got, said 
Ron miserably. 



  343Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, why didnt you do any last night? Hermione 
asked him. Where were you anyway? 



I was ... I fancied a walk, said Ron shiftily. 

Harry had the distinct impression that he was not 
alone in concealing things at the moment. 

k k k 



The second detention was just as bad as the previous 
one. The skin on the back of Harrys hand became 
irritated more quickly now, red and inflamed; Harry 
thought it unlikely to keep healing as effectively for 
long. Soon the cut would remain etched in his hand 
and Umbridge would, perhaps, be satisfied. He let no 
moan of pain escape him, however, and from the 
moment of entering the room to the moment of his 
dismissal, again past midnight, he said nothing but 
Good evening and Good night. 

His homework situation, however, was now desperate, 
and when he returned to the Gryffindor common 
room he did not, though exhausted, go to bed, but 
opened his books and began Snapes moonstone 
essay. It was halfpast two by the time he had 
finished it. He knew he had done a poor job, but there 
was no help for it; unless he had something to give in 
he would be in detention with Snape next. He then 
dashed off answers to the questions Professor 
McGonagall had set them, cobbled together 
something on the proper handling of bowtruckles for 
Professor GrubblyPlank, and staggered up to bed, 
where he fell fully clothed on top of the bed covers 
and fell asleep immediately. 

Thursday passed in a haze of tiredness. Ron seemed 
very sleepy too, though Harry could not see why he 

  344Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




should be. Harrys third detention passed in the same 
way as the previous two, except that after two hours 
the words I must not tell lies did not fade from the 
back of Harrys hand, but remained scratched there, 
oozing droplets of blood. The pause in the pointed 
quills scratching made Professor Umbridge look up. 

Ah, she said softly, moving around her desk to 
examine his hand herself. Good. That ought to serve 
as a reminder to you, oughtnt it? You may leave for 
tonight. 

Do I still have to come back tomorrow? said Harry, 
picking up his schoolbag with his left hand rather 
than his smarting right. 

Oh yes, said Professor Umbridge, smiling widely as 
before. Yes, I think we can etch the message a little 
deeper with another evenings work. 

He had never before considered the possibility that 
there might be another teacher in the world he hated 
more than Snape, but as he walked back toward 
Gryffindor Tower he had to admit he had found a 
contender. Shes evil, he thought, as he climbed a 
staircase to the seventh floor, shes an evil, twisted, 
mad, old  

Ron? 

He had reached the top of the stairs, turned right, 
and almost walked into Ron, who was lurking behind 
a statue of Lachlan the Lanky, clutching his 
broomstick. He gave a great leap of surprise when he 
saw Harry and attempted to hide his new Cleansweep 
Eleven behind his back. 

What are you doing? 



  345Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Er  nothing. What are you doing? 

Harry frowned at him. 

Come on, you can tell me! What are you hiding here 
for? 

Im  Im hiding from Fred and George, if you must 
know, said Ron. They just went past with a bunch 
of first years, I bet theyre testing stuff on them again, 

I mean, they cant do it in the common room now, can 
they, not with Hermione there. 

He was talking in a very fast, feverish way. 

But what have you got your broom for, you havent 
been flying, have you? Harry asked. 

I  well  well, okay, Ill tell you, but dont laugh, all 
right? Ron said defensively, turning redder with 
every second. II thought Id try out for Gryffindor 
Keeper now Ive got a decent broom. There. Go on. 
Laugh. 

Im not laughing, said Harry. Ron blinked. Its a 
brilliant idea! Itd be really cool if you got on the team! 
Ive never seen you play Keeper, are you good? 

Im not bad, said Ron, who looked immensely 
relieved at Harrys reaction. Charlie, Fred, and 
George always made me Keep for them when they 
were training during the holidays. 

So youve been practicing tonight? 

Every evening since Tuesday ... just on my own, 
though, Ive been trying to bewitch Quaffles to fly at 
me, but it hasnt been easy and I dont know how 
much use itll be. Ron looked nervous and anxious. 

  346Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fred and George are going to laugh themselves 
stupid when I turn up for the tryouts. They havent 
stopped taking the mickey out of me since I got made 
a prefect. 

I wish I was going to be there, said Harry bitterly, as 
they set off together toward the common room. 

Yeah, so do  Harry, whats that on the back of your 
hand? 

Harry, who had just scratched his nose with his free 
right hand, tried to hide it, but had as much success 
as Ron with his Cleans weep. 

Its just a cut  its nothing  its   

But Ron had grabbed Harrys forearm and pulled the 
back of Harrys hand up level with his eyes. There 
was a pause, during which he stared at the words 
carved into the skin, then he released Harry, looking 
sick. 

I thought you said she was giving you lines? 

Harry hesitated, but after all, Ron had been honest 
with him, so he told Ron the truth about the hours he 
had been spending in Umbridges office. 

The old hag! Ron said in a revolted whisper as they 
came to a halt in front of the Fat Lady, who was 
dozing peacefully with her head against her frame. 
Shes sick! Go to McGonagall, say something! 

No, said Harry at once. Im not giving her the 
satisfaction of knowing shes got to me. 

Got to you? You cant let her get away with this! 



  347Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I dont know how much power McGonagalls got over 
her, said Harry. 

Dumbledore, then, tell Dumbledore! 

No, said Harry flatly. 

Why not? 

Hes got enough on his mind, said Harry, but that 
was not the true reason. He was not going to go to 
Dumbledore for help when Dumbledore had not 
spoken to him once since last June. 

Well, I reckon you should   Ron began, but he was 
interrupted by the Fat Lady, who had been watching 
them sleepily and now burst out, Are you going to 
give me the password or will I have to stay awake all 
night waiting for you to finish your conversation? 

Friday dawned sullen and sodden as the rest of the 
week. Though Harry glanced toward the staff table 
automatically when he entered the Great Hall, it was 
without real hope of seeing Hagrid and he turned his 
mind immediately to his more pressing problems, 
such as the mountainous pile of homework he had to 
do and the prospect of yet another detention with 
Umbridge. 

Two things sustained Harry that day. One was the 
thought that it was almost the weekend; the other 
was that, dreadful though his final detention with 
Umbridge was sure to be, he had a distant view of the 
Quidditch pitch from her window and might, with 
luck, be able to see something of Rons tryout. These 
were rather feeble rays of light, it was true, but Harry 
was grateful for anything that might lighten his 
present darkness; he had never had a worse first 
week of term at Hogwarts. 

  348Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




At five oclock that evening he knocked on Professor 
Umbridges office door for what he sincerely hoped 
would be the final time, was told to enter and did so. 
The blank parchment lay ready for him on the lace 
covered table, the pointed black quill beside it. 

You know what to do, Mr. Potter, said Umbridge, 
smiling sweetly over at him. 

Harry picked up the quill and glanced through the 
window. If he just shifted his chair an inch or so to 
the right . . . On the pretext of shifting himself closer to 
the table he managed it. He now had a distant view of 
the Gryffindor Quidditch team soaring up and down 
the pitch, while half a dozen black figures stood at the 
foot of the three high goalposts, apparently awaiting 
their turn to Keep. It was impossible to tell which one 
was Ron at this distance. 

I must not tell lies, Harry wrote. The cut in the back of 
his right hand opened and began to bleed afresh. 

I must not tell lies. The cut dug deeper, stinging and 
smarting. 

I must not tell lies. Blood trickled down his wrist. 

He chanced another glance out of the window. 
Whoever was defending the goalposts now was doing 
a very poor job indeed. Katie Bell scored twice in the 
few seconds Harry dared watch. Hoping very much 
that the Keeper wasnt Ron, he dropped his eyes back 
to the parchment dotted with blood. 

I must not tell lies. 

I must not tell lies. 



  349Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He looked up whenever he thought he could risk it, 
when he could hear the scratching of Umbridges quill 
or the opening of a desk drawer. The third person to 
try out was pretty good, the fourth was terrible, the 
fifth dodged a Bludger exceptionally well but then 
fumbled an easy save. The sky was darkening so that 
Harry doubted he would be able to watch the sixth 
and seventh people at all. 

I must not tell lies. 

I must not tell lies. 

The parchment was now shining with drops of blood 
from the back of his hand, which was searing with 
pain. When he next looked up, night had fallen and 
the Quidditch pitch was no longer visible. 

Lets see if youve gotten the message yet, shall we? 
said Umbridges soft voice half an hour later. 

She moved toward him, stretching out her short be 
ringed fingers for his arm. And then, as she took hold 
of him to examine the words now cut into his skin, 
pain seared, not across the back of his hand, but 
across the scar on his forehead. At the same time, he 
had a most peculiar sensation somewhere around his 
midriff. 

He wrenched his arm out of her grip and leapt to his 
feet, staring at her. She looked back at him, a smile 
stretching her wide, slack mouth. 

Yes, it hurts, doesnt it? she said softly. 

He did not answer. His heart was thumping very hard 
and fast. Was she talking about his hand or did she 
know what he had just felt in his forehead? 



  350Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, I think Ive made my point, Mr. Potter. You may 
go. 

He caught up his schoolbag and left the room as 
quickly as he could. 

Stay calm, he told himself as he sprinted up the 
stairs. Stay calm, it doesnt necessarily mean what 
you think it means... 

 Mimbulus mimbletoniaV  he gasped at the Fat Lady, 
who swung forward once more. 

A roar of sound greeted him. Ron came running 
toward him, beaming all over his face and slopping 
butterbeer down his front from the goblet he was 
clutching. 

Harry, I did it, Im in, Im Keeper! 

What? Oh  brilliant! said Harry, trying to smile 
naturally, while his heart continued to race and his 
hand throbbed and bled. 

Have a butterbeer. Ron pressed a bottle onto him. I 
cant believe it  wheres Hermione gone? 

Shes there, said Fred, who was also swigging 
butterbeer, and pointed to an armchair by the fire. 
Hermione was dozing in it, her drink tipping 
precariously in her hand. 

Well, she said she was pleased when I told her, said 
Ron, looking slightly put out. 

Let her sleep, said George hastily. It was a few 
moments before Harry noticed that several of the first 
years gathered around them bore unmistakable signs 
of recent nosebleeds. 

  351Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Come here, Ron, and see if Olivers old robes fit you, 
called Katie Bell. We can take off his name and put 
yours on instead... 

As Ron moved away, Angelina came striding up to 
Harry. 

Sorry I was a bit short with you earlier, Potter, she 
said abruptly. Its stressful, this managing lark, you 
know, Im starting to think I was a bit hard on Wood 
sometimes. She was watching Ron over the rim of 
her goblet with a slight frown on her face. 

Look, I know hes your best mate, but hes not 
fabulous, she said bluntly. I think with a bit of 
training hell be all right, though. He comes from a 
family of good Quidditch players. Im banking on him 
turning out to have a bit more talent than he showed 
today, to be honest. Vicky Frobisher and Geoffrey 
Hooper both flew better this evening, but Hoopers a 
real whiner, hes always moaning about something or 
other, and Vickys involved in all sorts of societies, 
she admitted herself that if training clashed with her 
Charm Club shed put Charms first. Anyway, were 
having a practice session at two oclock tomorrow, so 
just make sure youre there this time. And do me a 
favor and help Ron as much as you can, okay? 

He nodded and Angelina strolled back to Alicia 
Spinnet. Harry moved over to sit next to Hermione, 
who awoke with a jerk as he put down his bag. 

Oh, Harry, its you... Good about Ron, isnt it? she 
said blearily. Im just so  so  so tired, she 
yawned. I was up until one oclock making more 
hats. Theyre disappearing like mad! 



  352Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And sure enough, now that he looked, Harry saw that 
there were woolly hats concealed all around the room 
where unwary elves might accidentally pick them up. 

Great, said Harry distractedly; if he did not tell 
somebody soon, he would burst. Listen, Hermione, I 
was just up in Umbridges office and she touched my 
arm ... 

Hermione listened closely. When Harry had finished 
she said slowly, Youre worried that YouKnow Whos 
controlling her like he controlled Quirrell? 

Well, said Harry, dropping his voice, its a 
possibility, isnt it? 

I suppose so, said Hermione, though she sounded 
unconvinced. But I dont think he can be possessing 
her the way he possessed Quirrell, I mean, hes 
properly alive again now, isnt he, hes got his own 
body, he wouldnt need to share someone elses. He 
could have her under the Imperius Curse, I 
suppose... 

Harry watched Fred, George, and Lee Jordan juggling 
empty butterbeer bottles for a moment. Then 
Hermione said, But last year your scar hurt when 
nobody was touching you, and didnt Dumbledore say 
it had to do with what You Know Who was feeling at 
the time? I mean, maybe this hasnt got anything to 
do with Umbridge at all, maybe its just coincidence it 
happened while you were with her? 

Shes evil, said Harry flatly. Twisted. 

Shes horrible, yes, but ... Harry, I think you ought to 
tell Dumbledore your scar hurt. 



  353Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It was the second time in two days he had been 
advised to go to Dumbledore and his answer to 
Hermione was just the same as his answer to Ron. 

Im not bothering him with this. Like you just said, 
its not a big deal. Its been hurting on and off all 
summer  it was just a bit worse tonight, thats all  



Harry, Im sure Dumbledore would want to be 
bothered by this   

Yeah, said Harry, before he could stop himself, 
thats the only bit of me Dumbledore cares about, 
isnt it, my scar? 

Dont say that, its not true! 

I think Ill write and tell Sirius about it, see what he 
thinks   

Harry, you cant put something like that in a letter! 
said Hermione, looking alarmed. Dont you 
remember, Moody told us to be careful what we put in 
writing! We just cant guarantee owls arent being 
intercepted anymore! 

All right, all right, I wont tell him, then! said Harry 
irritably. He got to his feet. Im going to bed. Tell Ron 
for me, will you? 

Oh no, said Hermione, looking relieved, if youre 
going that means I can go without being rude too, Im 
absolutely exhausted and I want to make some more 
hats tomorrow. Listen, you can help me if you like, 
its quite fun, Im getting better, I can do patterns and 
bobbles and all sorts of things now. 



  354Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry looked into her face, which was shining with 
glee, and tried to look as though he was vaguely 
tempted by this offer. 

Er ... no, I dont think I will, thanks, he said. Er  
not tomorrow. Ive got loads of homework to do... 

And he traipsed off to the boys stairs, leaving her 
looking slightly disappointed behind him. 



  355Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






PERCY AND PADFOOT 

Harry was the first to awake in his dormitory next 
morning. He lay for a moment watching dust swirl in 
the chink of sunlight falling through the gap in his 
fourposters hangings and savored the thought that 
it was Saturday. The first week of term seemed to 
have dragged on forever, like one gigantic History of 
Magic lesson. 

Judging by the sleepy silence and the freshly minted 
look of that beam of sunlight, it was just after 
daybreak. He pulled open the curtains around his 
bed, got up, and started to dress. The only sound 
apart from the distant twittering of birds was the 
slow, deep breathing of his fellow Gryffindors. He 
opened his schoolbag carefully, pulled out parchment 
and quill, and headed out of the dormitory for the 
common room. 

Making straight for his favorite squashy old armchair 
beside the now extinct fire, Harry settled himself 
down comfortably and unrolled his parchment while 
looking around the room. The detritus of crumpledup 

  356Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



bits of parchment, old Gobstones, empty ingredient 
jars, and candy wrappers that usually covered the 
common room at the end of each day was gone, as 
were all Hermiones elf hats. Wondering vaguely how 
many elves had now been set free whether they 
wanted to be or not, Harry uncorked his ink bottle, 
dipped his quill into it, and then held it suspended an 
inch above the smooth yellowish surface of his 
parchment, thinking hard... But after a minute or so 
he found himself staring into the empty grate, at a 
complete loss for what to say. 

He could now appreciate how hard it had been for 
Ron and Hermione to write him letters over the 
summer. How was he supposed to tell Sirius 
everything that had happened over the past week and 
pose all the questions he was burning to ask without 
giving potential letterthieves a lot of information he 
did not want them to have? 

He sat quite motionless for a while, gazing into the 
fireplace, then, finally coming to a decision, he dipped 
his quill into the ink bottle once more and set it 
resolutely upon the parchment. 

Dear Snuffles, 

Hope youre okay, the first week back heres been 
terrible, Im really glad its the weekend. 

Weve got a new Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher, Professor Umbridge. Shes nearly as nice as 
your mum. Im writing because that thing I wrote to 
you about last summer happened again last night 
when I was doing a detention with Umbridge. 

Were all missing our biggest friend, we hope hell be 
back soon. 



  357Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Please write back quickly. 

Best, 

Harry 

Harry reread this letter several times, trying to see it 
from the point of view of an outsider. He could not see 
how they would know what he was talking about  or 
who he was talking to  just from reading this letter. 
He did hope Sirius would pick up the hint about 
Hagrid and tell them when he might be back: Harry 
did not want to ask directly in case it drew too much 
attention to what Hagrid might be up to while he was 
not at Hogwarts. 

Considering it was a very short letter it had taken a 
long time to write; sunlight had crept halfway across 
the room while he had been working on it, and he 
could now hear distant sounds of movement from the 
dormitories above. Sealing the parchment carefully he 
climbed through the portrait hole and headed off for 
the Owlery. 

I would not go that way if I were you, said Nearly 
Headless Nick, drifting disconcertingly through a wall 
just ahead of him as he walked down the passage. 
Peeves is planning an amusing joke on the next 
person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down 
the corridor. 

Does it involve Paracelsus falling on top of the 
persons head? asked Harry. 

Funnily enough, it does, said Nearly Headless Nick 
in a bored voice. Subtlety has never been Peeves s 
strong point. Im off to try and find the Bloody 
Baron... He might be able to put a stop to it... See 
you, Harry... 

  358Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, bye, said Harry and instead of turning right, 
he turned left, taking a longer but safer route up to 
the Owlery. His spirits rose as he walked past window 
after window showing brilliantly blue sky; he had 
training later, he would be back on the Quidditch 
pitch at last  

Something brushed his ankles. He looked down and 
saw the caretakers skeletal gray cat, Mrs. Norris, 
slinking past him. She turned lamplike yellow eyes 
upon him for a moment before disappearing behind a 
statue of Wilfred the Wistful. 

Im not doing anything wrong, Harry called after 
her. She had the unmistakable air of a cat that was 
off to report to her boss, yet Harry could not see why; 
he was perfectly entitled to walk up to the Owlery on 
a Saturday morning. 

The sun was high in the sky now and when Harry 
entered the Owlery the glassless windows dazzled his 
eyes; thick silvery beams of sunlight crisscrossed the 
circular room in which hundreds of owls nestled on 
rafters, a little restless in the early morning light, 
some clearly just returned from hunting. The straw 
covered floor crunched a little as he stepped across 
tiny animal bones, craning his neck for a sight of 
Hedwig. 

There you are, he said, spotting her somewhere near 
the very top of the vaulted ceiling. Get down here, 

Ive got a letter for you. 

With a low hoot she stretched her great white wings 
and soared down onto his shoulder. 

Right, I know this says Snuffles on the outside, he 
told her, giving her the letter to clasp in her beak and, 



  359Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




without knowing exactly why, whispering, but its for 
Sirius, okay? 

She blinked her amber eyes once and he took that to 
mean that she understood. 

Safe flight, then, said Harry and he carried her to 
one of the windows; with a moments pressure on his 
arm Hedwig took off into the blindingly bright sky. He 
watched her until she became a tiny black speck and 
vanished, then switched his gaze to Hagrids hut, 
clearly visible from this window, and just as clearly 
uninhabited, the chimney smokeless, the curtains 
drawn. 

The treetops of the Forbidden Forest swayed in a light 
breeze. Harry watched them, savoring the fresh air on 
his face, thinking about Quidditch later ... and then 
he saw it. A great, reptilian winged horse, just like the 
ones pulling the Hogwarts carriages, with leathery 
black wings spread wide like a pterodactyls, rose up 
out of the trees like a grotesque, giant bird. It soared 
in a great circle and then plunged once more into the 
trees. The whole thing had happened so quickly Harry 
could hardly believe what he had seen, except that 
his heart was hammering madly. 

The Owlery door opened behind him. He leapt in 
shock, and turning quickly, saw Cho Chang holding a 
letter and a parcel in her hands. 

Hi, said Harry automatically. 

Oh ... hi, she said breathlessly. I didnt think 
anyone would be up here this early. . . I only 
remembered five minutes ago, its my mums 
birthday. 



She held up the parcel. 

  360Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Right, said Harry. His brain seemed to have 
jammed. He wanted to say something funny and 
interesting, but the memory of that terrible winged 
horse was fresh in his mind. 

Nice day, he said, gesturing to the windows. His 
insides seemed to shrivel with embarrassment. The 
weather. He was talking about the weather... 

Yeah, said Cho, looking around for a suitable owl. 
Good Quidditch conditions. I havent been out all 
week, have you? 

No, said Harry. 

Cho had selected one of the school barn owls. She 
coaxed it down onto her arm where it held out an 
obliging leg so that she could attach the parcel. 

Hey, has Gryffindor got a new Keeper yet? she 
asked. 

Yeah, said Harry. Its my friend Ron Weasley, dyou 
know him? 

The Tornadohater? said Cho rather coolly. Is he 
any good? 

Yeah, said Harry, I think so. I didnt see his tryout, 
though, I was in detention. 

Cho looked up, the parcel only halfattached to the 
owls legs. 

That Umbridge womans foul, she said in a low 
voice. Putting you in detention just because you told 
the truth about how  how  how he died. Everyone 
heard about it, it was all over the school. You were 
really brave standing up to her like that. 

  361Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys insides reinflated so rapidly he felt as though 
he might actually float a few inches off the dropping 
strewn floor. Who cared about a stupid flying horse, 
Cho thought he had been really brave... For a 
moment he considered accidentallyonpurpose 
showing her his cut hand as he helped her tie her 
parcel onto her owl... But the very instant that this 
thrilling thought occurred, the Owlery door opened 
again. 

Filch, the caretaker, came wheezing into the room. 
There were purple patches on his sunken, veined 
cheeks, his jowls were aquiver and his thin gray hair 
disheveled; he had obviously run here. Mrs. Norris 
came trotting at his heels, gazing up at the owls 
overhead and mewing hungrily. There was a restless 
shifting of wings from above, and a large brown owl 
snapped his beak in a menacing fashion. 

Aha! said Filch, taking a flatfooted step toward 
Harry, his pouchy cheeks trembling with anger. Ive 
had a tipoff that you are intending to place a massive 
order for Dungbombs! 

Harry folded his arms and stared at the caretaker. 

Who told you I was ordering Dungbombs? 

Cho was looking from Harry to Filch, also frowning; 
the barn owl on her arm, tired of standing on one leg, 
gave an admonitory hoot but she ignored it. 

I have my sources, said Filch in a selfsatisfied hiss. 
Now hand over whatever it is youre sending. 

Feeling immensely thankful that he had not dawdled 
in posting off the letter, Harry said, I cant, its gone. 

Gone? said Filch, his face contorting with rage. 

  362Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Gone, said Harry calmly. 



Filch opened his mouth furiously, mouthed for a few 
seconds, then raked Harrys robes with his eyes. How 
do I know you havent got it in your pocket? 

Because   

I saw him send it, said Cho angrily. 

Filch rounded on her. 

You saw him  ? 

Thats right, I saw him, she said fiercely. 

There was a moments pause in which Filch glared at 
Cho and Cho glared right back, then the caretaker 
turned and shuffled back toward the door. He 
stopped with his hand on the handle and looked back 
at Harry. 

If I get so much as a whiff of a Dungbomb ... 

He stumped off down the stairs. Mrs. Norris cast a 
last longing look at the owls and followed him. 

Harry and Cho looked at each other. 

Thanks, Harry said. 

No problem, said Cho, finally fixing the parcel to the 
barn owls other leg, her face slightly pink. You 
werent ordering Dungbombs, were you? 

No, said Harry. 

I wonder why he thought you were, then? she said, 
as she carried the owl to the window. 

  363Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry shrugged; he was quite as mystified by that as 
she was, though, oddly, it was not bothering him very 
much at the moment. 

They left the Owlery together. At the entrance of a 
corridor that led toward the west wing of the castle, 
Cho said, Im going this way. Well, Ill ... Ill see you 
around, Harry. 

Yeah ... see you. 

She smiled at him and departed. He walked on, 
feeling quietly elated. He had managed to have an 
entire conversation with her and not embarrassed 
himself once... You were really brave standing up to 
her like that... She had called him brave... She did not 
hate him for being alive... 

Of course, she had preferred Cedric, he knew that... 
Though if hed only asked her to the ball before Cedric 
had, things might have turned out differently... She 
had seemed sincerely sorry that she had to refuse 
when Harry had asked her. . . 

Morning, Harry said brightly to Ron and Hermione, 
joining them at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall. 

What are you looking so pleased about? said Ron, 
eyeing Harry in surprise. 

Erm ... Quidditch later, said Harry happily, pulling 
a large platter of bacon and eggs toward him. 

Oh ... yeah ... said Ron. He put down the bit of toast 
he was eating and took a large swig of pumpkin juice. 
Then he said, Listen ... you dont fancy going out a 
bit earlier with me, do you? Just to  er  give me 
some practice before training? So I can, you know, get 
my eye in a bit ... 

  364Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, okay, said Harry. 



Look, I dont think you should, said Hermione 
seriously, youre both really behind on homework as 



it   



But she broke off; the morning post was arriving and, 
as usual, the Daily Prophet was soaring toward her in 
the beak of a screech owl, which landed perilously 
close to the sugar bowl and held out a leg; Hermione 
pushed a Knut into its leather pouch, took the 
newspaper, and scanned the front  critically as 
the owl took off again. 

Anything interesting? said Ron; Harry smiled  he 
knew Ron was keen to get her off the subject of 
homework. 

No, she sighed, just some guff about the bass 
player in the Weird Sisters getting married... 

She opened the paper and disappeared behind it. 
Harry devoted himself to another helping of eggs and 
bacon; Ron was staring up at the high windows, 
looking slightly preoccupied. 

Wait a moment, said Hermione suddenly. Oh no ... 
Sirius! 

Whats happened? said Harry, and he snatched at 
the paper so violently that it ripped down the middle 
so that he and Hermione were holding half each. 

 The Ministry of Magic has received a tipoff from a 
reliable source that Sirius Black, notorious mass 
murderer . . . blah blah blah ...is currently hiding in 
London\   Hermione read from her half in an 
anguished whisper. 



  365Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Lucius Malfoy, Ill bet anything, said Harry in a low, 
furious voice. He did recognize Sirius on the 
platform... 

What? said Ron, looking alarmed. You didnt say  



Shh! said the other two. 

"... Ministry warns Wizarding community that Black is 
very dangerous . . . killed thirteen people . . . broke out of 
Azkaban ... the usual rubbish, Hermione concluded, 
laying down her half of the paper and looking fearfully 
at Harry and Ron. Well, he just wont be able to leave 
the house again, thats all, she whispered. 
Dumbledore did warn him not to. 

Harry looked down glumly at the bit of the Prophet he 
had torn off. Most of the  was devoted to an 
advertisement for Madame Malkins Robes for All 
Occasions, which was apparently having a sale. 

Hey! he said, flattening it down so Hermione and 
Ron could both see it. Look at this! 

Ive got all the robes I want, said Ron. 

No, said Harry, look ... this little piece here ... 

Ron and Hermione bent closer to read it; the item was 
barely an inch long and placed right at the bottom of 
a column. It was headlined: 

TRESPASS AT MINISTRY 

Sturgis Podmore, 38, of number two, Laburnum 
Gardens, Clapham, has appeared in front of the 
Wizengamot charged with trespass and attempted 
robbery at the Ministry of Magic on 31st August. 

  366Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Podmore was arrested by Ministry of Magic watch 
wizard Eric Munch, who found him attempting to 
force his way through a topsecurity door at one 
oclock in the morning. Podmore, who refused to 
speak in his own defense, was convicted on both 
charges and sentenced to six months in Azkaban. 

Sturgis Podmore? said Ron slowly, but hes that 
bloke who looks like his heads been thatched, isnt 
he? Hes one of the Ord   

Ron, shh\ said Hermione, casting a terrified look 
around them. 

Six months in Azkaban! whispered Harry, shocked. 
Just for trying to get through a door! 

Dont be silly, it wasnt just for trying to get through 
a door  what on earth was he doing at the Ministry 
of Magic at one oclock in the morning? breathed 
Hermione. 

Dyou reckon he was doing something for the Order? 
Ron muttered. 

Wait a moment... said Harry slowly. Sturgis was 
supposed to come and see us off, remember? 

The other two looked at him. 

Yeah, he was supposed to be part of our guard going 
to Kings Cross, remember? And Moody was all 
annoyed because he didnt turn up, so that doesnt 
seem like he was supposed to be on a iob for them, 
does it? 

Well, maybe they didnt expect him to get caught, 
said Hermione. 



  367Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It could be a frameup! Ron exclaimed excitedly. No 
 listen! he went on, dropping his voice dramatically 
at the threatening look on Hermiones face. The 
Ministry suspects hes one of Dumbledores lot so  I 
dunno  they lured him to the Ministry, and he 
wasnt trying to get through a door at all! Maybe 
theyve just made something up to get him! 

There was a pause while Harry and Hermione 
considered this. Harry thought it seemed farfetched; 
Hermione, on the other hand, looked rather 
impressed and said, Do you know, I wouldnt be at 
all surprised if that were true. 

She folded up her half of the newspaper thoughtfully. 
When Harry laid down his knife and fork she seemed 
to come out of a reverie. 

Right, well, I think we should tackle that essay for 
Sprout on SelfFertilizing Shrubs first, and if were 
lucky well be able to start McGonagalls Inanimatus 
Conjurus before lunch... 

Harry felt a small twinge of guilt at the thought of the 
pile of homework awaiting him upstairs, but the sky 
was a clear, exhilarating blue, and he had not been 
on his Firebolt for a week... 

I mean, we can do it tonight, said Ron, as he and 
Harry walked down the sloping lawns toward the 
Quidditch pitch, their broomsticks over their 
shoulders, Hermiones dire warnings that they would 
fail all their O.W.L.s still ringing in their ears. And 
weve got tomorrow. She gets too worked up about 
work, thats her trouble... There was a pause and he 
added, in a slightly more anxious tone, Dyou think 
she meant it when she said we werent copying from 
her? 



  368Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, I do, said Harry. Still, this is important too, 
weve got to practice if we want to stay on the 
Quidditch team... 

Yeah, thats right, said Ron in a heartened tone. 

And we have got plenty of time to do it all... 

Harry glanced over to his right as they approached 
the Quidditch pitch, to where the trees of the 
Forbidden Forest were swaying darkly. Nothing flew 
out of them; the sky was empty but for a few distant 
owls fluttering around the Owlery Tower. He had 
enough to worry about; the flying horse wasnt doing 
him any harm: He pushed it out of his mind. 

They collected balls from the cupboard in the 
changing room and set to work, Ron guarding the 
three tall goalposts, Harry playing Chaser and trying 
to get the Quaffle past Ron. Harry thought Ron was 
pretty good; he blocked threequarters of the goals 
Harry attempted to put past him and played better 
the longer they practiced. After a couple of hours they 
returned to the school, where they ate lunch, during 
which Hermione made it quite clear that she thought 
they were irresponsible, then returned to the 
Quidditch pitch for the real training session. All their 
teammates but Angelina were already in the changing 
room when they entered. 

All right, Ron? said George, winking at him. 

Yeah, said Ron, who had become quieter and 
quieter all the way down to the pitch. 

Ready to show us all up, Ickle Prefect? said Fred, 
emerging touslehaired from the neck of his Quidditch 
robes, a slightly malicious grin on his face. 



  369Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Shut up, said Ron, stonyfaced, pulling on his own 
team robes for the first time. They fitted him well 
considering they had been Oliver Woods, who was 
rather broader in the shoulder. 

Okay everyone, said Angelina, entering from the 
Captains office, already changed. Lets get to it; 

Alicia and Fred, if you can just bring the ball crate 
out for us. Oh, and there are a couple of people out 
there watching but I want you to just ignore them, all 
right? 

Something in her wouldbe casual voice made Harry 
think he might know who the uninvited spectators 
were, and sure enough, when they left the changing 
room for the bright sunlight of the pitch it was to a 
storm of catcalls and jeers from the Slytherin 
Quidditch team and assorted hangerson, who were 
grouped halfway up the empty stands and whose 
voices echoed loudly around the stadium. 

Whats that Weasleys riding? Malfoy called in his 
sneering drawl. Why would anyone put a Flying 
Charm on a moldy old log like that? 

Crabbe, Goyle, and Pansy Parkinson guffawed and 
shrieked with laughter. Ron mounted his broom and 
kicked off from the ground and Harry followed him, 
watching his ears turn red from behind. 

Ignore them, he said, accelerating to catch up with 
Ron. Well see whos laughing after we play them... 

Exactly the attitude I want, Harry, said Angelina 
approvingly, soaring around them with the Quaffle 
under her arm and slowing to hover on the spot in 
front of her airborne team. Okay everyone, were 
going to start with some passes just to warm up, the 
whole team please   

  370Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hey, Johnson, whats with that hairstyle anyway? 
shrieked Pansy Parkinson from below. Why would 
anyone want to look like theyve got worms coming 
out of their head? 

Angelina swept her long braided hair out of her face 
and said calmly, Spread out, then, and lets see what 
we can do... 

Harry reversed away from the others to the far side of 
the pitch. Ron fell back toward the opposite goal. 
Angelina raised the Quaffle with one hand and threw 
it hard to Fred, who passed to George, who passed to 
Harry, who passed to Ron, who dropped it. 

The Slytherins, led by Malfoy, roared and screamed 
with laughter. Ron, who had pelted toward the 
ground to catch the Quaffle before it landed, pulled 
out of the dive untidily, so that he slipped sideways 
on his broom, and returned to playing height, 
blushing. Harry saw Fred and George exchange looks, 
but uncharacteristically neither of them said 
anything, for which he was grateful. 

Pass it on, Ron, called Angelina, as though nothing 
had happened. 

Ron threw the Quaffle to Alicia, who passed back to 
Harry, who passed to George... 

Hey, Potter, hows your scar feeling? called Malfoy. 
Sure you dont need a liedown? It must be, what, a 
whole week since you were in the hospital wing, thats 
a record for you, isnt it? 

Fred passed to Angelina; she reverse passed to Harry, 
who had not been expecting it, but caught it in the 
very tips of his fingers and passed it quickly to Ron, 
who lunged for it and missed by inches. 

  371Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Come on now, Ron, said Angelina crossly, as Ron 
dived for the ground again, chasing the Quaffle. Pay 
attention. 

It would have been hard to say whether Rons face or 
the Quaffle was a deeper scarlet when he returned 
again to playing height. Malfoy and the rest of the 
Slytherin team were howling with laughter. 

On his third attempt, Ron caught the Quaffle; 
perhaps out of relief he passed it on so 
enthusiastically that it soared straight through Katies 
outstretched hands and hit her hard in the face. 

Sorry! Ron groaned, zooming forward to see whether 
he had done any damage. 

Get back in position, shes fine! barked Angelina. 
But as youre passing to a teammate, do try not to 
knock her off her broom, wont you? Weve got 
Bludgers for that! 

Katies nose was bleeding. Down below the Slytherins 
were stamping their feet and jeering. Fred and George 
converged on Katie. 

Here, take this, Fred told her, handing her 
something small and purple from out of his pocket. 
Itll clear it up in no time. 

All right, called Angelina, Fred, George, go and get 
your bats and a Bludger; Ron, get up to the goalposts, 
Harry, release the Snitch when I say so. Were going 
to aim for Rons goal, obviously. 

Harry zoomed off after the twins to fetch the Snitch. 

Rons making a right pigs ear of things, isnt he? 
muttered George, as the three of them landed at the 

  372Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




crate containing the balls and opened it to extract one 
of the Bludgers and the Snitch. 

Hes just nervous, said Harry. He was fine when I 
was practicing with him this morning. 

Yeah, well, I hope he hasnt peaked too soon, said 
Fred gloomily. 

They returned to the air. When Angelina blew her 
whistle, Harry released the Snitch and Fred and 
George let fly the Bludger; from that moment on, 

Harry was barely aware of what the others were 
doing. It was his job to recapture the tiny fluttering 
golden ball that was worth a hundred and fifty points 
to the Seekers team and doing so required enormous 
speed and skill. He accelerated, rolling and swerving 
in and out of the Chasers, the warm autumn air 
whipping his face and the distant yells of the 
Slytherins so much meaningless roaring in his ears... 
But too soon, the whistle brought him to a halt again. 

Stop  stop  STOP! screamed Angelina. Ron  
youre not covering your middle post! 

Harry looked around at Ron, who was hovering in 
front of the lefthand hoop, leaving the other two 
completely unprotected. 

Oh ... sorry ... 

You keep shifting around while youre watching the 
Chasers! said Angelina. Either stay in center 
position until you have to move to defend a hoop, or 
else circle the hoops, but dont drift vaguely off to one 
side, thats how you let in the last three goals! 

Sorry ... Ron repeated, his red face shining like a 
beacon against the bright blue sky. 

  373Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And Katie, cant you do something about that 
nosebleed? 

Its just getting worse! said Katie thickly, attempting 
to stem the flow with her sleeve. 

Harry glanced around at Fred, who was looking 
anxious and checking his pockets. He saw Fred pull 
out something purple, examine it for a second, and 
then look around at Katie, evidently horrorstruck. 

Well, lets try again, said Angelina. She was ignoring 
the Slytherins, who had now set up a chant of 
 Gryffindor are losers, Gryffindor are losers, but there 
was a certain rigidity about her seat on the broom 
nevertheless. 

This time they had been flying for barely three 
minutes when Angelinas whistle sounded. Harry, 
who had just sighted the Snitch circling the opposite 
goalpost, pulled up feeling distinctly aggrieved. 

What now? he said impatiently to Alicia, who was 
nearest. 

Katie, she said shortly. 

Harry turned and saw Angelina, Fred, and George all 
flying as fast as they could toward Katie. Harry and 
Alicia sped toward her too. It was plain that Angelina 
had stopped training just in time; Katie was now 
chalk white and covered in blood. 

She needs the hospital wing, said Angelina. 

Well take her, said Fred. She  er  might have 
swallowed a Blood Blisterpod by mistake   



  374Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, theres no point continuing with no Beaters and 
a Chaser gone, said Angelina glumly, as Fred and 
George zoomed off toward the castle supporting Katie 
between them. Come on, lets go and get changed. 

The Slytherins continued to chant as they trailed 
back into the changing rooms. 

How was practice? asked Hermione rather coolly 
half an hour later, as Harry and Ron climbed through 
the portrait hole into the Gryffindor common room. 

It was   Harry began. 

Completely lousy, said Ron in a hollow voice, 
sinking into a chair beside Hermione. She looked up 
at Ron and her frostiness seemed to melt. 

Well, it was only your first one, she said consolingly, 
its bound to take time to   

Who said it was me who made it lousy? snapped 
Ron. 

No one, said Hermione, looking taken aback, I 
thought   

You thought I was bound to be rubbish? 

No, of course I didnt! Look, you said it was lousy so I 
just   

Im going to get started on some homework, said 
Ron angrily and stomped off to the staircase to the 
boys dormitories and vanished from sight. Hermione 
turned to Harry. 

 Was he lousy? 



  375Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, said Harry loyally. 

Hermione raised her eyebrows. 

Well, I suppose he couldve played better, Harry 
muttered, but it was only the first training session, 
like you said... 

Neither Harry nor Ron seemed to make much 
headway with their homework that night. Harry knew 
Ron was too preoccupied with how badly he had 
performed at Quidditch practice and he himself was 
having difficulty in getting the chant of Gryffindor are 
losers out of his head. 

They spent the whole of Sunday in the common room, 
buried in their books while the room around them 
filled up, then emptied: It was another clear, fine day 
and most of their fellow Gryffindors spent the day out 
in the grounds, enjoying what might well be some of 
the last sunshine that year. By the evening Harry felt 
as though somebody had been beating his brain 
against the inside of his skull. 

You know, we probably should try and get more 
homework done during the week, Harry muttered to 
Ron, as they finally laid aside Professor McGonagalls 
long essay on the Inanimatus Conjurus spell and 
turned miserably to Professor Sinistra s equally long 
and difficult essay about Jupiters moons. 

Yeah, said Ron, rubbing slightly bloodshot eyes and 
throwing his fifth spoiled bit of parchment into the 
fire beside them. Listen ... shall we just ask 
Hermione if we can have a look at what shes done? 

Harry glanced over at her; she was sitting with 
Crookshanks on her lap and chatting merrily to 
Ginny as a pair of knitting needles flashed in midair 

  376Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




in front of her, now knitting a pair of shapeless elf 
socks. 



No, he said heavily, you know she wont let us. 

And so they worked on while the sky outside the 
windows became steadily darker; slowly, the crowd in 
the common room began to thin again. At halfpast 
eleven, Hermione wandered over to them, yawning. 

Nearly done? 

No, said Ron shortly. 

Jupiters biggest moon is Ganymede, not Callisto, 
she said, pointing over Rons shoulder at a line in his 
Astronomy essay, and its Io thats got the volcanos. 

Thanks, snarled Ron, scratching out the offending 
sentences. 

Sorry, I only   

Yeah, well, if youve just come over here to criticize  



Ron   

I havent got time to listen to a sermon, all right, 
Hermione, Im up to my neck in it here   

No  look! 

Hermione was pointing to the nearest window. Harry 
and Ron both looked over. A handsome screech owl 
was standing on the windowsill, gazing into the room 
at Ron. 



  377Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Isnt that Hermes? said Hermione, sounding 
amazed. 

Blimey, it is! said Ron quietly, throwing down his 
quill and getting to his feet. Whats Percy writing to 
me for? 

He crossed to the window and opened it; Hermes flew 
inside, landed upon Rons essay, and held out a leg to 
which a letter was attached. Ron took it off and the 
owl departed at once, leaving inky footprints across 
Rons drawing of the moon Io. 

Thats definitely Percys handwriting, said Ron, 
sinking back into his chair and staring at the words 
on the outside of the scroll: To Ronald Weasley, 
Gryffindor House, Hogwarts. He looked up at the 
other two. What dyou reckon? 

Open it! said Hermione eagerly. Harry nodded. 

Ron unrolled the scroll and began to read. The farther 
down the parchment his eyes traveled, the more 
pronounced became his scowl. When he had finished 
reading, he looked disgusted. He thrust the letter at 
Harry and Hermione, who leaned toward each other 
to read it together: 

Dear Ron, 

I have only just heard (from no less a person than the 
Minister of Magic himself, who has it from your new 
teacher, Professor Umbridge) that you have become a 
Hogwarts prefect 

I was most pleasantly surprised when I heard this 
news and must firstly offer my congratulations. I must 
admit that I have always been afraid that you would 
take what we might call the Fred and George  route, 

  378Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




rather than following in my footsteps, so you can 
imagine my feelings on hearing you have stopped 
flouting authority and have decided to shoulder some 
real responsibility. 

But I want to give you more than congratulations, Ron, 

I want to give you some advice, which is why I am 
sending this at night rather than by the usual morning 
post Hopefully you will be able to read this away from 
prying eyes and avoid awkward questions. 

From something the Minister let slip when telling me 
you are now a prefect, I gather that you are still seeing 
a lot of Harry Potter. I must tell you, Ron, that nothing 
could put you in danger of losing your badge more than 
continued fraternization with that boy. Yes, I am sure 
you are surprised to hear this  no doubt you will say 
that Potter has always been Dumbledores favorite  
but I feel bound to tell you that Dumbledore may not be 
in charge at Hogwarts much longer and the people who 
count have a very different  and probably more 
accurate  view of Potters behavior. I shall say no 
more here, but if you look at the Daily Prophet 
tomorrow you will get a good idea of the way the wind 
is blowing  and see if you can spot yours truly! 

Seriously, Ron, you do not want to be tarred with the 
same brush as Potter, it could be very damaging to 
your future prospects, and I am talking here about life 
after school too. As you must be aware, given that our 
father escorted him to court, Potter had a disciplinary 
hearing this summer in front of the whole Wizengamot 
and he did not come out of it looking too good. He got 
off on a mere technicality if you ask me and many of 
the people Ive spoken to remain convinced of his guilt. 

It may be that you are afraid to sever ties with Potter 
 I know that he can be unbalanced and, for all I 
know, violent  but if you have any worries about this, 

  379Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




or have spotted anything else in Potters behavior that 
is troubling you, I urge you to speak to Dolores 
Umbridge, a really delightful woman, who I know will 
be only too happy to advise you. 

This leads me to my other bit of advice. As I have 
hinted above, Dumbledores regime at Hog warts may 
soon be over. Your loyalty, Ron, should be not to him, 
but to the school and the Ministry. I am very sorry to 
hear that so far Professor Umbridge is encountering 
very little cooperation from staff as she strives to make 
those necessary changes within Hogwarts that the 
Ministry so ardently desires (although she should find 
this easier from next week  again, see the Prophet 
tomorrow!). I shall say only this  a student who 
shows himself willing to help Professor Umbridge now 
may be very well placed for Head Boy ship in a couple 
of years! 

I am sorry that I was unable to see more of you over 
the summer. It pains me to criticize our parents, but I 
am afraid I can no longer live under their roof while 
they remain mixed up with the dangerous crowd 
around Dumbledore (if you are writing to Mother at any 
point, you might tell her that a certain Sturgis Podmore, 
who is a great friend of Dumbledores, has recently 
been sent to Azkaban for trespass at the Ministry. 
Perhaps that will open their eyes to the kind of petty 
criminals with whom they are currently rubbing 
shoulders). I count myself very lucky to have escaped 
the stigma of association with such people  the 
Minister really could not be more gracious to me  and 
I do hope, Ron, that you will not allow family ties to 
blind you to the misguided nature of our parents 
beliefs and actions either. I sincerely hope that, in time, 
they will realize how mistaken they were and I shall, 
of course, be ready to accept a full apology when that 
day comes. 



  380Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Please think over what I have said most carefully, 
particularly the bit about Harry Potter, and 
congratulations again on becoming prefect. 

Your brother, 

Percy 

Harry looked up at Ron. 

Well, he said, trying to sound as though he found 
the whole thing a joke, if you want to  er  what is 
it? (He checked Percys letter.) Oh yeah  sever ties 
with me, I swear I wont get violent. 

Give it back, said Ron, holding out his hand. He is 
  Ron said jerkily, tearing Percys letter in half, the 
worlds  he tore it into quarters  biggest  he 
tore it into eighths  git. He threw the pieces into 
the fire. 

Come on, weve got to get this finished some time 
before dawn, he said briskly to Harry, pulling 
Professor Sinistra s essay back toward him. 

Hermione was looking at Ron with an odd expression 
on her face. 

Oh, give them here, she said abruptly. 

What? said Ron. 

Give them to me, Ill look through them and correct 
them, she said. 

Are you serious? Ah, Hermione, youre a lifesaver, 
said Ron, what can I  ? 



  381Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What you can say is, We promise well never leave 
our homework this late again,  she said, holding out 
both hands for their essays, but she looked slightly 
amused all the same. 

Thanks a million, Hermione, said Harry weakly, 
passing over his essay and sinking back into his 
armchair, rubbing his eyes. 

It was now past midnight and the common room was 
deserted but for the three of them and Crookshanks. 
The only sound was that of Hermiones quill 
scratching out sentences here and there on their 
essays and the ruffle of s as she checked various 
facts in the reference books strewn across the table. 
Harry was exhausted. He also felt an odd, sick, empty 
feeling in his stomach that had nothing to do with 
tiredness and everything to do with the letter now 
curling blackly in the heart of the fire. 

He knew that half the people inside Hogwarts thought 
him strange, even mad; he knew that the Daily 
Prophet had been making snide allusions to him for 
months, but there was something about seeing it 
written down like that in Percys writing, about 
knowing that Percy was advising Ron to drop him and 
even to tell tales on him to Umbridge, that made his 
situation real to him as nothing else had. He had 
known Percy for four years, had stayed in his house 
during the summers, shared a tent with him during 
the Quidditch World Cup, had even been awarded full 
marks by him in the second task of the Triwizard 
Tournament last year, yet now, Percy thought him 
unbalanced and possibly violent. 

And with a surge of sympathy for his godfather, Harry 
thought that Sirius was probably the only person he 
knew who could really understand how he felt at the 
moment, because Sirius was in the same situation; 

  382Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




nearly everyone in the Wizarding world thought Sirius 
a dangerous murderer and a great Voldemort 
supporter and he had had to live with that knowledge 
for fourteen years... 

Harry blinked. He had just seen something in the fire 
that could not have been there. It had flashed into 
sight and vanished immediately. No ... it could not 
have been... He had imagined it because he had been 
thinking about Sirius... 

Okay, write that down, Hermione said to Ron, 
pushing his essay and a sheet covered in her own 
writing back to Ron, and then copy out this 
conclusion that Ive written for you. 

Hermione, you are honestly the most wonderful 
person Ive ever met, said Ron weakly, and if Im 
ever rude to you again   

  Ill know youre back to normal, said Hermione. 
Harry, yours is okay except for this bit at the end, I 
think you must have misheard Professor Sinistra, 
Europas covered in ice, not mice  Harry? 

Harry had slid off his chair onto his knees and was 
now crouching on the singed and threadbare 
hearthrug, gazing into the flames. 

Er  Harry? said Ron uncertainly. Why are you 
down there? 

Because Ive just seen Siriuss head in the fire, said 
Harry. 

He spoke quite calmly; after all, he had seen Siriuss 
head in this very fire the previous year and talked to 
it too. Nevertheless, he could not be sure that he had 
really seen it this time... It had vanished so quickly... 

  383Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Siriuss head? Hermione repeated. You mean like 
when he wanted to talk to you during the Triwizard 
Tournament? But he wouldnt do that now, it would 
be too  Siriusl 

She gasped, gazing at the fire; Ron dropped his quill. 
There in the middle of the dancing flames sat Siriuss 
head, long dark hair falling around his grinning face. 

I was starting to think youd go to bed before 
everyone else had disappeared, he said. Ive been 
checking every hour. 

Youve been popping into the fire every hour? Harry 
said, half laughing. 

Just for a few seconds to check if the coast was clear 
yet. 

But what if youd been seen? said Hermione 
anxiously. 

Well, I think a girl  first year by the look of her  
mightve got a glimpse of me earlier, but dont worry, 
Sirius said hastily, as Hermione clapped a hand to 
her mouth. I was gone the moment she looked back 
at me and Ill bet she just thought I was an oddly 
shaped log or something. 

But Sirius, this is taking an awful risk   Hermione 
began. 

You sound like Molly, said Sirius. This was the only 
way I could come up with of answering Harrys letter 
without resorting to a code  and codes are 
breakable. 

At the mention of Harrys letter, Hermione and Ron 
had both turned to stare at him. 

  384Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You didnt say youd written to Sirius! said 
Hermione accusingly. 



I forgot, said Harry, which was perfectly true; his 
meeting with Cho in the Owlery had driven everything 
before it out of his mind. Dont look at me like that, 
Hermione, there was no way anyone would have got 
secret information out of it, was there, Sirius? 

No, it was very good, said Sirius, smiling. Anyway, 
wed better be quick, just in case were disturbed  
your scar. 

What about  ? Ron began, but Hermione said 
quickly, Well tell you afterward, go on, Sirius. 

Well, I know it cant be fun when it hurts, but we 
dont think its anything to really worry about. It kept 
aching all last year, didnt it? 

Yeah, and Dumbledore said it happened whenever 
Voldemort was feeling a powerful emotion, said 
Harry, ignoring, as usual, Ron and Hermione s 
winces. So maybe he was just, I dunno, really angry 
or something the night I had that detention. 

Well, now hes back its bound to hurt more often, 
said Sirius. 

So you dont think it had anything to do with 
Umbridge touching me when I was in detention with 
her? Harry asked. 

I doubt it, said Sirius. I know her by reputation and 
Im sure shes no Death Eater   

Shes foul enough to be one, said Harry darkly and 
Ron and Hermione nodded vigorously in agreement. 

  385Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, but the world isnt split into good people and 
Death Eaters, said Sirius with a wry smile. I know 
shes a nasty piece of work, though  you should 
hear Remus talk about her. 

Does Lupin know her? asked Harry quickly, 
remembering Umbridges comments about dangerous 
halfbreeds during her first lesson. 

No, said Sirius, but she drafted a bit of anti 
werewolf legislation two years ago that makes it 
almost impossible for him to get a job. 

Harry remembered how much shabbier Lupin looked 
these days and his dislike of Umbridge deepened even 
further. 

Whats she got against werewolves? said Hermione 
angrily. 

Scared of them, I expect, said Sirius, smiling at her 
indignation. Apparently she loathes parthumans; 
she campaigned to have merpeople rounded up and 
tagged last year too. Imagine wasting your time and 
energy persecuting merpeople when there are little 
toerags like Kreacher on the loose   

Ron laughed but Hermione looked upset. 

Sirius! she said reproachfully. Honestly, if you 
made a bit of an effort with Kreacher Im sure hed 
respond, after all, you are the only member of his 
family hes got left, and Professor Dumbledore said   

So what are Umbridges lessons like? Sirius 
interrupted. Is she training you all to kill half 
breeds? 



  386Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, said Harry, ignoring Hermiones affronted look 
at being cut off in her defense of Kreacher. Shes not 
letting us use magic at all! 

All we do is read the stupid textbook, said Ron. 

Ah, well, that figures, said Sirius. Our information 
from inside the Ministry is that Fudge doesnt want 
you trained in combat. 

 Trained in combat? repeated Harry incredulously. 
What does he think were doing here, forming some 
sort of wizard army? 

Thats exactly what he thinks youre doing, said 
Sirius, or rather, thats exactly what hes afraid 
Dumbledores doing  forming his own private army, 
with which he will be able to take on the Ministry of 
Magic. 

There was a pause at this, then Ron said, Thats the 
stupidest thing Ive ever heard, including all the stuff 
that Luna Lovegood comes out with. 

So were being prevented from learning Defense 
Against the Dark Arts because Fudge is scared well 
use spells against the Ministry? said Hermione, 
looking furious. 

Yep, said Sirius. Fudge thinks Dumbledore will 
stop at nothing to seize power. Hes getting more 
paranoid about Dumbledore by the day. Its a matter 
of time before he has Dumbledore arrested on some 
trumpedup charge. 

This reminded Harry of Percys letter. 



  387Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dyou know if theres going to be anything about 
Dumbledore in the Daily Prophet tomorrow? Only 
Rons brother Percy reckons there will be   

I dont know, said Sirius, I havent seen anyone 
from the Order all weekend, theyre all busy. Its just 
been Kreacher and me here... 

There was a definite note of bitterness in Siriuss 
voice. 

So you havent had any news about Hagrid, either? 

Ah ... said Sirius, well, he was supposed to be back 
by now, no ones sure whats happened to him. Then, 
seeing their stricken faces, he added quickly, But 
Dumbledores not worried, so dont you three get 
yourselves in a state; Im sure Hagrids fine. 

But if he was supposed to be back by now ... said 
Hermione in a small, worried voice. 

Madame Maxime was with him, weve been in touch 
with her and she says they got separated on the 
journey home  but theres nothing to suggest hes 
hurt or  well, nothing to suggest hes not perfectly 
okay. 

Unconvinced, Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged 
worried looks. 

Listen, dont go asking too many questions about 
Hagrid, said Sirius hastily, itll just draw even more 
attention to the fact that hes not back, and I know 
Dumbledore doesnt want that. Hagrids tough, hell 
be okay. And when they did not appear cheered by 
this, Sirius added, Whens your next Hogsmeade 
weekend anyway? I was thinking, we got away with 



  388Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




the dog disguise at the station, didnt we? I thought I 
could   



NO! said Harry and Hermione together, very loudly. 

Sirius, didnt you see the Daily Prophet? said 
Hermione anxiously. 

Oh that, said Sirius, grinning, theyre always 
guessing where I am, they havent really got a clue   

Yeah, but we think this time they have, said Harry. 
Something Malfoy said on the train made us think he 
knew it was you, and his father was on the platform, 
Sirius  you know, Lucius Malfoy  so dont come 
up here, whatever you do, if Malfoy recognizes you 
again   

All right, all right, Ive got the point, said Sirius. He 
looked most displeased. Just an idea, thought you 
might like to get together   

I would, I just dont want you chucked back in 
Azkaban! said Harry. 

There was a pause in which Sirius looked out of the 
fire at Harry, a crease between his sunken eyes. 

Youre less like your father than I thought, he said 
finally, a definite coolness in his voice. The risk 
wouldve been what made it fun for James. 

Look   

Well, Id better get going, I can hear Kreacher coming 
down the stairs, said Sirius, but Harry was sure he 
was lying. Ill write to tell you a time I can make it 
back into the fire, then, shall I? If you can stand to 
risk it? 

  389Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was a tiny pop, and the place where Siriuss 
head had been was flickering flame once more. 



  390Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE HOGWARTS HIGH INQUISITOR 

They had expected to have to comb Hermiones Daily 
Prophet carefully next morning to find the article 
Percy had mentioned in his letter. However, the 
departing delivery owl had barely cleared the top of 
the milk jug when Hermione let out a huge gasp and 
flattened the newspaper to reveal a large photograph 
of Dolores Umbridge, smiling widely and blinking 
slowly at them from beneath the headline: 

MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORM 

DOLORES UMBRIDGE APPOINTED FIRSTEVER 
HIGH INQUISITOR 

 High Inquisitor? said Harry darkly, his halfeaten 
bit of toast slipping from his fingers. What does that 
mean? 

Hermione read aloud: 

In a surprise move last night the Ministry of Magic 
passed new legislation giving itself an unprecedented 

  391Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



level of control at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. 

 The Minister has been growing uneasy about goings 
on at Hogwarts for some time, said Junior Assistant to 
the Minister, Percy Weasley. He is now responding to 
concerns voiced by anxious parents, who feel the 
school may be moving in a direction they do not 
approve. 

This is not the first time in recent weeks Fudge has 
used new laws to effect improvements at the 
Wizarding school. As recently as August 30th 
Educational Decree Twenty two was passed, to ensure 
that, in the event of the current headmaster being 
unable to provide a candidate for a teaching post, the 
Ministry should select an appropriate person. 

 Thats how Dolores Umbridge came to be appointed 
to the teaching staff at Hogwarts, said Weasley last 
night. Dumbledore couldnt find anyone, so the 
Minister put in Umbridge and of course, shes been an 
immediate success    

Shes been a WHAT? said Harry loudly. 

Wait, theres more, said Hermione grimly. 

   an immediate success, totally revolutionizing the 
teaching of Defense Against the Dark Arts and 
providing the Minister with ontheground feedback 
about whats really happening at Hogwarts. 

It is this last function that the Ministry has now 
formalized with the passing of Educational Decree 
Twentythree, which creates the new position of 
Hogwarts High Inquisitor. 



  392Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 This is an exciting new phase in the Ministers plan 
to get to grips with what some are calling the falling 
standards at Hog warts, said Weasley. The Inquisitor 
will have powers to inspect her fellow educators and 
make sure that they are coming up to scratch. 

Professor Umbridge has been offered this position in 
addition to her own teaching post, and we are 
delighted to say that she has accepted. 

The Ministrys new moves have received enthusiastic 
support from parents of students at Hogwarts. 

 I feel much easier in my mind now that I know that 
Dumbledore is being subjected to fair and objective 
evaluation, said Mr. Lucius Malfoy, 41, speaking from 
his Wiltshire mansion last night. Many of us with our 
childrens best interests at heart have been concerned 
about some of Dumbledores eccentric decisions in the 
last few years and will be glad to know that the 
Ministry is keeping an eye on the situation. 

Among those eccentric decisions are undoubtedly the 
controversial staff appointments previously described 
in this newspaper, which have included the hiring of 
werewolf Remus Lupin, half giant Rubeus Hagrid, and 
delusional exAuror MadEye Moody. 

Rumors abound, of course, that Albus Dumbledore, 
once Supreme Mugwump of the International 
Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the 
Wizengamot, is no longer up to the task of managing 
the prestigious school of Hogwarts. 

 I think the appointment of the Inquisitor is a first step 
toward ensuring that Hogwarts has a headmaster in 
whom we can all repose confidence, said a Ministry 
insider last night. 



  393Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Wizengamot elders Gris elda M archbanks and Tiberius 
Ogden have resigned in protest at the introduction of 
the post of Inquisitor to Hogwarts. 

 Hogwarts is a school, not an outpost of Cornelius 
Fudges office, said Madam Marchbanks. This is a 
further disgusting attempt to discredit Albus 
Dumbledore. (For a full account of Madam 
Marchbanks alleged links to subversive goblin groups, 
turn to  17]. 

Hermione finished reading and looked across the 
table at the other two. 

So now we know how we ended up with Umbridge! 
Fudge passed this Educational Decree and forced 
her on us! And now hes given her the power to 
inspect other teachers! Hermione was breathing fast 
and her eyes were very bright. I cant believe this. Its 
outrageous... 

I know it is, said Harry. He looked down at his right 
hand, clenched upon the tabletop, and saw the faint 
white outline of the words Umbridge had forced him 
to cut into his skin. 

But a grin was unfurling on Rons face. 

What? said Harry and Hermione together, staring at 
him. 

Oh, I cant wait to see McGonagall inspected, said 
Ron happily. Umbridge wont know whats hit her. 

Well, come on, said Hermione, jumping up, wed 
better get going, if shes inspecting Binnss class we 
dont want to be late... 



  394Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But Professor Umbridge was not inspecting their 
History of Magic lesson, which was just as dull as the 
previous Monday, nor was she in Snapes dungeon 
when they arrived for double Potions, where Harrys 
moonstone essay was handed back to him with a 
large, spiky black D scrawled in an upper corner. 

I have awarded you the grades you would have 
received if you presented this work in your O.W.L, 
said Snape with a smirk, as he swept among them, 
passing back their homework. This should give you a 
realistic idea of what to expect in your examination. 

Snape reached the front of the class and turned to 
face them. 

The general standard of this homework was abysmal. 
Most of you would have failed had this been your 
examination. I expect to see a great deal more effort 
for this weeks essay on the various varieties of venom 
antidotes, or I shall have to start handing out 
detentions to those dunces who get Ds. 

He smirked as Malfoy sniggered and said in a 
carrying whisper, Some people got Ds? Ha! 

Harry realized that Hermione was looking sideways to 
see what grade he had received; he slid his 
moonstone essay back into his bag as quickly as 
possible, feeling that he would rather keep that 
information private. 

Determined not to give Snape an excuse to fail him 
this lesson, Harry read and reread every line of the 
instructions on the blackboard at least three times 
before acting on them. His Strengthening Solution 
was not precisely the clear turquoise shade of 
Hermione s but it was at least blue rather than pink, 
like Nevilles, and he delivered a flask of it to Snapes 
  395Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




desk at the end of the lesson with a feeling of mingled 
defiance and relief. 

Well, that wasnt as bad as last week, was it? said 
Hermione, as they climbed the steps out of the 
dungeon and made their way across the entrance hall 
toward lunch. And the homework didnt go too badly 
either, did it? 

When neither Ron nor Harry answered, she pressed 
on, I mean, all right, I didnt expect the top grade, 
not if hes marking to O.W.L. standard, but a pass is 
quite encouraging at this stage, wouldnt you say? 

Harry made a noncommittal noise in his throat. 

Of course, a lot can happen between now and the 
exam, weve got plenty of time to improve, but the 
grades were getting now are a sort of baseline, arent 
they? Something we can build on ... 

They sat down together at the Gryffindor table. 

Obviously, Id have been thrilled if Id gotten an O   

Hermione, said Ron sharply, if you want to know 
what grades we got, ask. 

I dont  I didnt mean  well, if you want to tell me 



I got a P, said Ron, ladling soup into his bowl. 
Happy? 

Well, thats nothing to be ashamed of, said Fred, 
who had just arrived at the table with George and Lee 
Jordan and was sitting down on Harrys right. 
Nothing wrong with a good healthy P. 



  396Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But, said Hermione, doesnt P stand for ... 

 Boor, yeah, said Lee Jordan. Still, better than D, 
isnt it? Dreadful? 

Harry felt his face grow warm and faked a small 
coughing fit over his roll. When he emerged from this 
he was sorry to find that Hermione was still in full 
flow about O.W.L. grades. 

So top grades O for Outstanding,  she was saying, 
and then theres A   

No, E, George corrected her, E for Exceeds 
Expectations. And Ive always thought Fred and I 
shouldve got E in everything, because we exceeded 
expectations just by turning up for the exams. 

They all laughed except Hermione, who plowed on, 

So after E, its A for Acceptable, and thats the last 
pass grade, isnt it? 

Yep, said Fred, dunking an entire roll in his soup, 
transferring it to his mouth, and swallowing it whole. 

Then you get P for Poor   Ron raised both his 
arms in mock celebration  and D for Dreadful.  

And then T, George reminded him. 

T? asked Hermione, looking appalled. Even lower 
than a D? What on earth does that stand for? 

 Troll,  said George promptly. 

Harry laughed again, though he was not sure whether 
or not George was joking. He imagined trying to 
conceal from Hermione that he had received Ts in all 



  397Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




his O.W.L.s and immediately resolved to work harder 
from now on. 

You lot had an inspected lesson yet? Fred asked 
them. 

No, said Hermione at once, have you? 

Just now, before lunch, said George. Charms. 

What was it like? Harry and Hermione asked 
together. 

Fred shrugged. 

Not that bad. Umbridge just lurked in the corner 
making notes on a clipboard. You know what 
Flitwicks like, he treated her like a guest, didnt seem 
to bother him at all. She didnt say much. Asked 
Alicia a couple of questions about what the classes 
are normally like, Alicia told her they were really 
good, that was it. 

I cant see old Flitwick getting marked down, said 
George, he usually gets everyone through their 
exams all right. 

Whove you got this afternoon? Fred asked Harry. 
Trelawney   

A T if ever I saw one   

  and Umbridge herself. 

Well, be a good boy and keep your temper with 
Umbridge today, said George. Angelinall do her nut 
if you miss any more Quidditch practices. 



  398Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But Harry did not have to wait for Defense Against 
the Dark Arts to meet Professor Umbridge. He was 
pulling out his dream diary in a seat at the very back 
of the shadowy Divination room when Ron elbowed 
him in the ribs and, looking round, he saw Professor 
Umbridge emerging through the trapdoor in the floor. 
The class, which had been talking cheerily, fell silent 
at once. The abrupt fall in the noise level made 
Professor Trelawney, who had been wafting about 
handing out Dream Oracles, look round. 

Good afternoon, Professor Trelawney, said Professor 
Umbridge with her wide smile. You received my note, 

I trust? Giving the time and date of your inspection? 

Professor Trelawney nodded curtly and, looking very 
disgruntled, turned her back on Professor Umbridge 
and continued to give out books. Still smiling, 
Professor Umbridge grasped the back of the nearest 
armchair and pulled it to the front of the class so that 
it was a few inches behind Professor Trelawneys seat. 
She then sat down, took her clipboard from her 
flowery bag, and looked up expectantly, waiting for 
the class to begin. 

Professor Trelawney pulled her shawls tight about her 
with slightly trembling hands and surveyed the class 
through her hugely magnifying lenses. We shall be 
continuing our study of prophetic dreams today, she 
said in a brave attempt at her usual mystic tones, 
though her voice shook slightly. Divide into pairs, 
please, and interpret each others latest nighttime 
visions with the aid of the Oracle. 

She made as though to sweep back to her seat, saw 
Professor Umbridge sitting right beside it, and 
immediately veered left toward Parvati and Lavender, 
who were already deep in discussion about Parvatis 
most recent dream. 

  399Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry opened his copy of The Dream Oracle, watching 
Umbridge covertly. She was making notes on her 
clipboard now. After a few minutes she got to her feet 
and began to pace the room in Trelawneys wake, 
listening to her conversations with students and 
posing questions here and there. Harry bent his head 
hurriedly over his book. 

Think of a dream, quick, he told Ron, in case the 
old toad comes our way. 

I did it last time, Ron protested, its your turn, you 
tell me one. 

Oh, I dunno ... said Harry desperately, who could 
not remember dreaming anything at all over the last 
few days. Lets say I dreamed I was ... drowning 
Snape in my cauldron. Yeah, thatll do... 

Ron chortled as he opened his Dream Oracle. 

Okay, weve got to add your age to the date you had 
the dream, the number of letters in the subject ... 
would that be drowning or cauldron or Snape? 

It doesnt matter, pick any of them, said Harry, 
chancing a glance behind him. Professor Umbridge 
was now standing at Professor Trelawneys shoulder 
making notes while the Divination teacher questioned 
Neville about his dream diary. 

What night did you dream this again? Ron said, 
immersed in calculations. 

I dunno, last night, whenever you like, Harry told 
him, trying to listen to what Umbridge was saying to 
Professor Trelawney. They were only a table away 
from him and Ron now. Professor Umbridge was 



  400Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




making another note on her clipboard and Professor 
Trelawney was looking extremely put out. 

Now, said Umbridge, looking up at Trelawney, 
youve been in this post how long, exactly? 

Professor Trelawney scowled at her, arms crossed and 
shoulders hunched as though wishing to protect 
herself as much as possible from the indignity of the 
inspection. After a slight pause in which she seemed 
to decide that the question was not so offensive that 
she could reasonably ignore it, she said in a deeply 
resentful tone, Nearly sixteen years. 

Quite a period, said Professor Umbridge, making a 
note on her clipboard. So it was Professor 
Dumbledore who appointed you? 

Thats right, said Professor Trelawney shortly. 

Professor Umbridge made another note. 

And you are a greatgreatgranddaughter of the 
celebrated Seer Cassandra Trelawney? 

Yes, said Professor Trelawney, holding her head a 
little higher. 

Another note on the clipboard. 

But I think  correct me if I am mistaken  that 
you are the first in your family since Cassandra to be 
possessed of second sight? 

These things often skip  er  three generations, 
said Professor Trelawney. 

Professor Umbridges toadlike smile widened. 



  401Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Of course, she said sweetly, making yet another 
note. Well, if you could just predict something for 
me, then? 

She looked up inquiringly, still smiling. Professor 
Trelawney had stiffened as though unable to believe 
her ears. 

I dont understand you, said Professor Trelawney, 
clutching convulsively at the shawl around her 
scrawny neck. 

Id like you to make a prediction for me, said 
Professor Umbridge very clearly. 

Harry and Ron were not the only people watching and 
listening sneakily from behind their books now; most 
of the class were staring transfixed at Professor 
Trelawney as she drew herself up to her full height, 
her beads and bangles clinking. 

The Inner Eye does not See upon command! she 
said in scandalized tones. 

I see, said Professor Umbridge softly, making yet 
another note on her clipboard. 

I  but  but ... wait\ said Professor Trelawney 
suddenly, in an attempt at her usual ethereal voice, 
though the mystical effect was ruined somewhat by 
the way it was shaking with anger. I ... I think I do 
see something ... something that concerns you... Why, 
I sense something . . . something dark . . . some grave 
peril ... 

Professor Trelawney pointed a shaking finger at 
Professor Umbridge who continued to smile blandly at 
her, eyebrows raised. 



  402Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I am afraid ... I am afraid that you are in grave 
danger! Professor Trelawney finished dramatically. 



There was a pause. Professor Umbridges eyebrows 
were still raised. 

Right, she said softly, scribbling on her clipboard 
once more. Well, if thats really the best you can do 



She turned away, leaving Professor Trelawney 
standing rooted to the spot, her chest heaving. Harry 
caught Rons eye and knew that Ron was thinking 
exactly the same as he was: They both knew that 
Professor Trelawney was an old fraud, but on the 
other hand, they loathed Umbridge so much that they 
felt very much on Trelawneys side  until she 
swooped down on them a few seconds later, that was. 

Well? she said, snapping her long fingers under 
Harrys nose, uncharacteristically brisk. Let me see 
the start youve made on your dream diary, please. 

And by the time she had interpreted Harrys dreams 
at the top of her voice (all of which, even the ones that 
involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a 
gruesome and early death), he was feeling much less 
sympathetic toward her. All the while, Professor 
Umbridge stood a few feet away, making notes on that 
clipboard, and when the bell rang she descended the 
silver ladder first so that she was waiting for them all 
when they reached their Defense Against the Dark 
Arts lesson ten minutes later. 

She was humming and smiling to herself when they 
entered the room. Harry and Ron told Hermione, who 
had been in Arithmancy, exactly what had happened 
in Divination while they all took out their copies of 
Defensive Magical Theory, but before Hermione could 
  403Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




ask any questions Professor Umbridge had called 
them all to order and silence fell. 

Wands away, she instructed them all smilingly, and 
those people who had been hopeful enough to take 
them out sadly returned them to their bags. As we 
finished chapter one last lesson, I would like you all 
to turn to  nineteen today and commence chapter 
two, Common Defensive Theories and Their 
Derivation.  There will be no need to talk. 

Still smiling her wide, selfsatisfied smile, she sat 
down at her desk. The class gave an audible sigh as it 
turned, as one, to  nineteen. Harry wondered 
dully whether there were enough chapters in the book 
to keep them reading through all this years lessons 
and was on the point of checking the contents when 
he noticed that Hermione had her hand in the air 
again. 

Professor Umbridge had noticed too, and what was 
more, she seemed to have worked out a strategy for 
just such an eventuality. Instead of trying to pretend 
she had not noticed Hermione, she got to her feet and 
walked around the front row of desks until they were 
facetoface, then she bent down and whispered, so 
that the rest of the class could not hear, What is it 
this time, Miss Granger? 

Ive already read chapter two, said Hermione. 

Well then, proceed to chapter three. 

Ive read that too. Ive read the whole book. 

Professor Umbridge blinked but recovered her poise 
almost instantly. 



  404Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, then, you should be able to tell me what 
Slinkhard says about counterjinxes in chapter 
fifteen. 



He says that counterjinxes are improperly named, 
said Hermione promptly. He says counterjinx is just 
a name people give their jinxes when they want to 
make them sound more acceptable. 

Professor Umbridge raised her eyebrows, and Harry 
knew she was impressed against her will. 

But I disagree, Hermione continued. 

Professor Umbridges eyebrows rose a little higher and 
her gaze became distinctly colder. 

You disagree? 

Yes, I do, said Hermione, who, unlike Umbridge, 
was not whispering, but speaking in a clear, carrying 
voice that had by now attracted the rest of the classs 
attention. Mr. Slinkhard doesnt like jinxes, does he? 
But I think they can be very useful when theyre used 
defensively. 

Oh, you do, do you? said Professor Umbridge, 
forgetting to whisper and straightening up. Well, Im 
afraid it is Mr. Slinkhard s opinion, and not yours, 
that matters within this classroom, Miss Granger. 

But   Hermione began. 

That is enough, said Professor Umbridge. She 
walked back to the front of the class and stood before 
them, all the jauntiness she had shown at the 
beginning of the lesson gone. Miss Granger, I am 
going to take five points from Gryffindor House. 

  405Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was an outbreak of muttering at this. 

What for? said Harry angrily. 

Dont you get involved! Hermione whispered 
urgently to him. 

For disrupting my class with pointless 
interruptions, said Professor Umbridge smoothly. I 
am here to teach you using a Ministryapproved 
method that does not include inviting students to give 
their opinions on matters about which they 
understand very little. Your previous teachers in this 
subject may have allowed you more license, but as 
none of them  with the possible exception of 
Professor Quirrell, who did at least appear to have 
restricted himself to ageappropriate subjects  
would have passed a Ministry inspection   

Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher, said Harry 
loudly, there was just that minor drawback of him 
having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his 
head. 

This pronouncement was followed by one of the 
loudest silences Harry had ever heard. Then  

I think another weeks detentions would do you some 
good, Mr. Potter, said Umbridge sleekly. 

k k k 



The cut on the back of Harrys hand had barely 
healed and by the following morning, it was bleeding 
again. He did not complain during the evenings 
detention; he was determined not to give Umbridge 
the satisfaction; over and over again he wrote I must 



  406Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




not tell lies and not a sound escaped his lips, though 
the cut deepened with every letter. 

The very worst part of this second weeks worth of 
detentions was, just as George had predicted, 
Angelinas reaction. She cornered him just as he 
arrived at the Gryffindor table for breakfast on 
Tuesday and shouted so loudly that Professor 
McGonagall came sweeping down upon the pair of 
them from the staff table. 

Miss Johnson, how dare you make such a racket in 
the Great Hall! Five points from Gryffindor! 

But Professor  hes gone and landed himself in 
detention again   

Whats this, Potter? said Professor McGonagall 
sharply, rounding on Harry. Detention? From 
whom? 

From Professor Umbridge, muttered Harry, not 
meeting Professor McGonagalls beady, squareframed 
eyes. 

Are you telling me, she said, lowering her voice so 
that the group of curious Ravenclaws behind them 
could not hear, that after the warning I gave you last 
Monday you lost your temper in Professor Umbridges 
class again? 

Yes, Harry muttered, speaking to the floor. 

Potter, you must get a grip on yourself! You are 
heading for serious trouble! Another five points from 
Gryffindor! 



  407Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But  what? Professor, no! Harry said, furious at 
this injustice. Im already being punished by her, 
why do you have to take points as well? 

Because detentions do not appear to have any effect 
on you whatsoever! said Professor McGonagall tartly. 
No, not another word of complaint, Potter! And as for 
you, Miss Johnson, you will confine your shouting 
matches to the Quidditch pitch in future or risk 
losing the team Captaincy! 

She strode back toward the staff table. Angelina gave 
Harry a look of deepest disgust and stalked away, 
upon which Harry flung himself onto the bench 
beside Ron, fuming. 

Shes taken points off Gryffindor because Im having 
my hand sliced open every night! How is that fair, 
how? 

I know, mate, said Ron sympathetically, tipping 
bacon onto Harrys plate, shes bang out of order. 

Hermione, however, merely rustled the s of her 
Daily Prophet and said nothing. 

You think McGonagall was right, do you? said Harry 
angrily to the picture of Cornelius Fudge obscuring 
Hermione s face. 

I wish she hadnt taken points from you, but I think 
shes right to warn you not to lose your temper with 
Umbridge, said Hermiones voice, while Fudge 
gesticulated forcefully from the front , clearly 
giving some kind of speech. 

Harry did not speak to Hermione all through Charms, 
but when they entered Transfiguration he forgot his 
anger; Professor Umbridge and her clipboard were 

  408Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




sitting in a corner and the sight of her drove the 
memory of breakfast right out of his head. 

Excellent, whispered Ron, as they sat down in their 
usual seats. Lets see Umbridge get what she 
deserves. 

Professor McGonagall marched into the room without 
giving the slightest indication that she knew Professor 
Umbridge was there. 

That will do, she said and silence fell immediately. 
Mr. Finnigan, kindly come here and hand back the 
homework  Miss Brown, please take this box of 
mice  dont be silly, girl, they wont hurt you  and 
hand one to each student   

Hem, hem, said Professor Umbridge, employing the 
same silly little cough she had used to interrupt 
Dumbledore on the first night of term. Professor 
McGonagall ignored her. Seamus handed back 
Harrys essay; Harry took it without looking at him 
and saw, to his relief, that he had managed an A. 

Right then, everyone, listen closely  Dean Thomas, 
if you do that to the mouse again I shall put you in 
detention  most of you have now successfully 
vanished your snails and even those who were left 
with a certain amount of shell have the gist of the 
spell. Today we shall be   

Hem, hem, said Professor Umbridge. 

Yes? said Professor McGonagall, turning round, her 
eyebrows so close together they seemed to form one 
long, severe line. 



  409Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I was just wondering, Professor, whether you 
received my note telling you of the date and time of 
your inspec   

Obviously I received it, or I would have asked you 
what you are doing in my classroom, said Professor 
McGonagall, turning her back firmly on Professor 
Umbridge. Many of the students exchanged looks of 
glee. As I was saying, today we shall be practicing 
the altogether more difficult vanishment of mice. Now, 
the Vanishing Spell   

Hem, hem. 

I wonder, said Professor McGonagall in cold fury, 
turning on Professor Umbridge, how you expect to 
gain an idea of my usual teaching methods if you 
continue to interrupt me? You see, I do not generally 
permit people to talk when I am talking. 

Professor Umbridge looked as though she had just 
been slapped in the face. She did not speak, but 
straightened the parchment on her clipboard and 
began scribbling furiously. Looking supremely 
unconcerned, Professor McGonagall addressed the 
class once more. 

As I was saying, the Vanishing Spell becomes more 
difficult with the complexity of the animal to be 
vanished. The snail, as an invertebrate, does not 
present much of a challenge; the mouse, as a 
mammal, offers a much greater one. This is not, 
therefore, magic you can accomplish with your mind 
on your dinner. So  you know the incantation, let 
me see what you can do... 

How she can lecture me about not losing my temper 
with Umbridge! Harry said to Ron under his voice, 



  410Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




but he was grinning; his anger with Professor 
McGonagall had quite evaporated. 

Professor Umbridge did not follow Professor 
McGonagall around the class as she had followed 
Professor Trelawney; perhaps she thought that 
Professor McGonagall would not permit it. She did, 
however, take many more notes while she sat in her 
corner, and when Professor McGonagall finally told 
them all to pack away, rose with a grim expression on 
her face. 

Well, its a start, said Ron, holding up a long, 
wriggling mouse tail and dropping it back into the box 
Lavender was passing around. 

As they filed out of the classroom, Harry saw 
Professor Umbridge approach the teachers desk; he 
nudged Ron, who nudged Hermione in turn, and the 
three of them deliberately fell back to eavesdrop. 

How long have you been teaching at Hogwarts? 
Professor Umbridge asked. 

Thirtynine years this December, said Professor 
McGonagall brusquely, snapping her bag shut. 

Professor Umbridge made a note. 

Very well, she said, you will receive the results of 
your inspection in ten days time. 

I can hardly wait, said Professor McGonagall in a 
coldly indifferent voice, and she strode off toward the 
door. Hurry up, you three, she added, sweeping 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione before her. Harry could not 
help giving her a faint smile and could have sworn he 
received one in return. 



  411Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He had thought that the next time he would see 
Umbridge would be in his detention that evening, but 
he was wrong. When they walked down the lawns 
toward the forest for Care of Magical Creatures, they 
found her and her clipboard waiting for them beside 
Professor GrubblyPlank. 

You do not usually take this class, is that correct? 
Harry heard her ask as they arrived at the trestle 
table where the group of captive bowtruckles were 
scrabbling around for wood lice like so many living 
twigs. 

Quite correct, said Professor GrubblyPlank, hands 
behind her back and bouncing on the balls of her 
feet. I am a substitute teacher standing in for 
Professor Hagrid. 

Harry exchanged uneasy looks with Ron and 
Hermione. Malfoy was whispering with Crabbe and 
Goyle; he would surely love this opportunity to tell 
tales on Hagrid to a member of the Ministry. 

Hmm, said Professor Umbridge, dropping her voice, 
though Harry could still hear her quite clearly, I 
wonder  the headmaster seems strangely reluctant 
to give me any information on the matter  can you 
tell me what is causing Professor Hagrids very 
extended leave of absence? 

Harry saw Malfoy look up eagerly. 

 Fraid I cant, said Professor GrubblyPlank 
breezily. Dont know anything more about it than 
you do. Got an owl from Dumbledore, would I like a 
couple of weeks teaching work, accepted  thats as 
much as I know. Well ... shall I get started then? 



  412Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, please do, said Professor Umbridge, scribbling 
upon her clipboard. 

Umbridge took a different tack in this class and 
wandered among the students, questioning them on 
magical creatures. Most people were able to answer 
well and Harrys spirits lifted somewhat; at least the 
class was not letting Hagrid down. 

Overall, said Professor Umbridge, returning to 
Professor GrubblyPlanks side after a lengthy 
interrogation of Dean Thomas, how do you, as a 
temporary member of staff  an objective outsider, I 
suppose you might say  how do you find Hogwarts? 
Do you feel you receive enough support from the 
school management? 

Oh, yes, Dumbledores excellent, said Professor 
GrubblyPlank heartily. No, Im very happy with the 
way things are run, very happy indeed. 

Looking politely incredulous, Umbridge made a tiny 
note on her clipboard and went on, And what are you 
planning to cover with this class this year  
assuming, of course, that Professor Hagrid does not 
return? 

Oh, Ill take them through the creatures that most 
often come up in O.W.L., said Professor Grubbly 
Plank. Not much left to do  theyve studied 
unicorns and nifflers, I thought wed cover porlocks 
and kneazles, make sure they can recognize crups 
and knarls, you know... 

Well, you seem to know what youre doing, at any 
rate, said Professor Umbridge, making a very obvious 
tick on her clipboard. Harry did not like the emphasis 
she put on you and liked it even less when she put 



  413Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




her next question to Goyle: Now, I hear there have 
been injuries in this class? 

Goyle gave a stupid grin. Malfoy hastened to answer 
the question. 

That was me, he said. I was slashed by a 
hippogriff. 

A hippogriff? said Professor Umbridge, now 
scribbling frantically. 

Only because he was too stupid to listen to what 
Hagrid told him to do, said Harry angrily. 

Both Ron and Hermione groaned. Professor Umbridge 
turned her head slowly in Harrys direction. 

Another nights detention, I think, she said softly. 
Well, thank you very much, Professor GrubblyPlank, 
I think thats all I need here. You will be receiving the 
results of your inspection within ten days. 

Jolly good, said Professor GrubblyPlank, and 
Professor Umbridge set off back across the lawn to 
the castle. 



ie ie ie 



It was nearly midnight when Harry left Umbridges 
office that night, his hand now bleeding so severely 
that it was staining the scarf he had wrapped around 
it. He expected the common room to be empty when 
he returned, but Ron and Hermione had sat up 
waiting for him. He was pleased to see them, 
especially as Hermione was disposed to be 
sympathetic rather than critical. 



  414Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Here, she said anxiously, pushing a small bowl of 
yellow liquid toward him, soak your hand in that, its 
a solution of strained and pickled murtlap tentacles, 
it should help. 

Harry placed his bleeding, aching hand into the bowl 
and experienced a wonderful feeling of relief. 
Crookshanks curled around his legs, purring loudly, 
and then leapt into his lap and settled down. 

Thanks, he said gratefully, scratching behind 
Crookshanks s ears with his left hand. 

I still reckon you should complain about this, said 
Ron in a low voice. 

No, said Harry flatly. 

McGonagall would go nuts if she knew   

Yeah, she probably would, said Harry. And how 
long dyou reckon itd take Umbridge to pass another 
Decree saying anyone who complains about the High 
Inquisitor gets sacked immediately? 

Ron opened his mouth to retort but nothing came out 
and after a moment he closed it again in a defeated 
sort of way. 

Shes an awful woman, said Hermione in a small 
voice. Awful. You know, I was just saying to Ron 
when you came in ... weve got to do something about 
her. " 

I suggested poison, said Ron grimly. 

No ... I mean, something about what a dreadful 
teacher she is, and how were not going to learn any 
defense from her at all, said Hermione. 

  415Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, what can we do about that? said Ron, 
yawning.  S too late, isnt it? She got the job, shes 
here to stay, Fudgell make sure of that. 

Well, said Hermione tentatively. You know, I was 
thinking today... She shot a slightly nervous look at 
Harry and then plunged on, I was thinking that  
maybe the times come when we should just  just 
do it ourselves. 

Do what ourselves? said Harry suspiciously, still 
floating his hand in the essence of murtlap tentacles. 

Well  learn Defense Against the Dark Arts 
ourselves, said Hermione. 

Come off it, groaned Ron. You want us to do extra 
work? Dyou realize Harry and I are behind on 
homework again and its only the second week? 

But this is much more important than homework! 
said Hermione. 

Harry and Ron goggled at her. 

I didnt think there was anything in the universe 
more important than homework, said Ron. 

Dont be silly, of course there is! said Hermione, and 
Harry saw, with an ominous feeling, that her face was 
suddenly alight with the kind of fervor that S.P.E.W. 
usually inspired in her. Its about preparing 
ourselves, like Harry said in Umbridges first lesson, 
for whats waiting out there. Its about making sure 
we really can defend ourselves. If we dont learn 
anything for a whole year   

We cant do much by ourselves, said Ron in a 
defeated voice. I mean, all right, we can go and look 

  416Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




jinxes up in the library and try and practice them, I 
suppose   

No, I agree, weve gone past the stage where we can 
just learn things out of books, said Hermione. We 
need a teacher, a proper one, who can show us how 
to use the spells and correct us if were going wrong. 

If youre talking about Lupin ... Harry began. 

No, no, Im not talking about Lupin, said Hermione. 
Hes too busy with the Order and anyway, the most 
we could see him is during Hogsmeade weekends and 
thats not nearly often enough. 

Who, then? said Harry, frowning at her. 

Hermione heaved a very deep sigh. 

Isnt it obvious? she said. Im talking about you, 
Harry. 

There was a moments silence. A light night breeze 
rattled the windowpanes behind Ron and the fire 
guttered. 

About me what? said Harry. 

Im talking about you teaching us Defense Against 
the Dark Arts. 

Harry stared at her. Then he turned to Ron, ready to 
exchange the exasperated looks they sometimes 
shared when Hermione elaborated on farfetched 
schemes like S.P.E.W. To Harrys consternation, 
however, Ron did not look exasperated. He was 
frowning slightly, apparently thinking. Then he said, 
Thats an idea. 



  417Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Whats an idea? said Harry. 

You, said Ron. Teaching us to do it. 

But ... 

Harry was grinning now, sure the pair of them were 
pulling his leg. 

But Im not a teacher, I cant   

Harry, youre the best in the year at Defense Against 
the Dark Arts, said Hermione. 

Me? said Harry, now grinning more broadly than 
ever. No Im not, youve beaten me in every test   

Actually, I havent, said Hermione coolly. You beat 
me in our third year  the only year we both sat the 
test and had a teacher who actually knew the subject 
But Im not talking about test results, Harry. Look 
what youve done\ 

How dyou mean? 

You know what, Im not sure I want someone this 
stupid teaching me, Ron said to Hermione, smirking 
slightly. He turned to Harry. Lets think, he said, 
pulling a face like Goyle concentrating. Uh . . . first 
year  you saved the Stone from YouKnowWho. 

But that was luck, said Harry, that wasnt skill   

Second year, Ron interrupted, you killed the 
basilisk and destroyed Riddle. 

Yeah, but if Fawkes hadnt turned up I   



  418Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Third year, said Ron, louder still, you fought off 
about a hundred dementors at once   

You know that was a fluke, if the TimeTurner hadnt 
?? 



Last year, Ron said, almost shouting now, you 
fought off YouKnowWho again   

Listen to me! said Harry, almost angrily, because 
Ron and Hermione were both smirking now. Just 
listen to me, all right? It sounds great when you say it 
like that, but all that stuff was luck  I didnt know 
what I was doing half the time, I didnt plan any of it, 

I just did whatever I could think of, and I nearly 
always had help   

Ron and Hermione were still smirking and Harry felt 
his temper rise; he wasnt even sure why he was 
feeling so angry. 

Dont sit there grinning like you know better than I 
do, I was there, wasnt I? he said heatedly. I know 
what went on, all right? And I didnt get through any 
of that because I was brilliant at Defense Against the 
Dark Arts, I got through it all because  because 
help came at the right time, or because I guessed 
right  but I just blundered through it all, I didnt 
have a clue what I was doing  STOP LAUGHING! 

The bowl of murtlap essence fell to the floor and 
smashed. He became aware that he was on his feet, 
though he couldnt remember standing up. 
Crookshanks streaked away under a sofa; Ron and 
Hermione s smiles had vanished. 

 You dont know what its likel You  neither of you 
 youve never had to face him, have you? You think 
its just memorizing a bunch of spells and throwing 

  419Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




them at him, like youre in class or something? The 
whole time you know theres nothing between you 
and dying except your own  your own brain or guts 
or whatever  like you can think straight when you 
know youre about a second from being murdered, or 
tortured, or watching your friends die  theyve never 
taught us that in their classes, what its like to deal 
with things like that  and you two sit there acting 
like Im a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, 
like Diggory was stupid, like he messed up  you just 
dont get it, that could just as easily have been me, it 
would have been if Voldemort hadnt needed me   

We werent saying anything like that, mate, said 
Ron, looking aghast. We werent having a go at 
Diggory, we didnt  youve got the wrong end of the 



He looked helplessly at Hermione, whose face was 
stricken. 

Harry, she said timidly, dont you see? This ... this 
is exactly why we need you... We need to know what 
its rreally like ... facing him ... facing VVoldemort. 

It was the first time she had ever said Voldemorts 
name, and it was this, more than anything else, that 
calmed Harry. Still breathing hard, he sank back into 
his chair, becoming aware as he did so that his hand 
was throbbing horribly again. He wished he had not 
smashed the bowl of murtlap essence. 

Well ... think about it, said Hermione quietly. 
Please? 

Harry could not think of anything to say. He was 
feeling ashamed of his outburst already. He nodded, 
hardly aware of what he was agreeing to. 



  420Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hermione stood up. 

Well, Im off to bed, she said in a voice that was 
clearly as natural as she could make it. Erm ... 
night. 

Ron had gotten to his feet too. 

Coming? he said awkwardly to Harry. 

Yeah, said Harry. In ... in a minute. Ill just clear 
this up. 

He indicated the smashed bowl on the floor. Ron 
nodded and left. 

Reparo, Harry muttered, pointing his wand at the 
broken pieces of china. They flew back together, good 
as new, but there was no returning the murtlap 
essence to the bowl. 

He was suddenly so tired that he was tempted to sink 
back into his armchair and sleep there, but instead 
he got to his feet and followed Ron upstairs. His 
restless night was punctuated once more by dreams 
of long corridors and locked doors, and he awoke next 
day with his scar prickling again. 



  421Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   







IN THE HOGS HEAD 

Hermione made no mention of Harry giving Defense 
Against the Dark Arts lessons for two whole weeks 
after her original suggestion. Harrys detentions with 
Umbridge were finally over (he doubted whether the 
words now etched on the back of his hand would ever 
fade entirely); Ron had had four more Quidditch 
practices and not been shouted at during the last 
two; and all three of them had managed to vanish 
their mice in Transfiguration (Hermione had actually 
progressed to vanishing kittens), before the subject 
was broached again, on a wild, blustery evening at 
the end of September, when the three of them were 
sitting in the library, looking up potion ingredients for 
Snape. 

I was wondering, Hermione said suddenly, whether 
youd thought any more about Defense Against the 
Dark Arts, Harry. 

 Course I have, said Harry grumpily. Cant forget it, 
can we, with that hag teaching us   



  422Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



I meant the idea Ron and I had  Ron cast her an 
alarmed, threatening kind of look; she frowned at him 
 oh, all right, the idea / had, then  about you 
teaching us. 

Harry did not answer at once. He pretended to be 
perusing a  of Asiatic AntiVenoms, because he 
did not want to say what was in his mind. 

The fact was that he had given the matter a great deal 
of thought over the past fortnight. Sometimes it 
seemed an insane idea, just as it had on the night 
Hermione had proposed it, but at others, he had 
found himself thinking about the spells that had 
served him best in his various encounters with Dark 
creatures and Death Eaters  found himself, in fact, 
subconsciously planning lessons... 

Well, he said slowly, when he could not pretend to 
find Asiatic antivenoms interesting much longer, 
yeah, I  Ive thought about it a bit. 

And? said Hermione eagerly. 

I dunno, said Harry, playing for time. He looked up 
at Ron. 

I thought it was a good idea from the start, said 
Ron, who seemed keener to join in this conversation 
now that he was sure that Harry was not going to 
start shouting again. 

Harry shifted uncomfortably in his chair. 

You did listen to what I said about a load of it being 
luck, didnt you? 

Yes, Harry, said Hermione gently, but all the same, 
theres no point pretending that youre not good at 

  423Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Defense Against the Dark Arts, because you are. You 
were the only person last year who could throw off the 
Imperius Curse completely, you can produce a 
Patronus, you can do all sorts of stuff that fullgrown 
wizards cant, Viktor always said   

Ron looked around at her so fast he appeared to crick 
his neck; rubbing it, he said, Yeah? What did Vicky 
say? 

Ho ho, said Hermione in a bored voice. He said 
Harry knew how to do stuff even he didnt, and he 
was in the final year at Durmstrang. 

Ron was looking at Hermione suspiciously. 

Youre not still in contact with him, are you? 

So what if I am? said Hermione coolly, though her 
face was a little pink. I can have a pen pal if I   

He didnt only want to be your pen pal, said Ron 
accusingly. 

Hermione shook her head exasperatedly and, ignoring 
Ron, who was continuing to watch her, said to Harry, 
Well, what do you think? Will you teach us? 

Just you and Ron, yeah? 

Well, said Hermione, now looking a mite anxious 
again. Well ... now, dont fly off the handle again, 
Harry, please... But I really think you ought to teach 
anyone who wants to learn. I mean, were talking 
about defending ourselves against VVoldemort  oh, 
dont be pathetic, Ron  it doesnt seem fair if we 
dont offer the chance to other people. 



  424Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry considered this for a moment, then said, Yeah, 
but I doubt anyone except you two would want to be 
taught by me. Im a nutter, remember? 

Well, I think you might be surprised how many 
people would be interested in hearing what youve got 
to say, said Hermione seriously. Look, she leaned 
toward him; Ron, who was still watching her with a 
frown on his face, leaned forward to listen too, you 
know the first weekend in Octobers a Hogsmeade 
weekend? How would it be if we tell anyone whos 
interested to meet us in the village and we can talk it 
over? 

Why do we have to do it outside school? said Ron. 

Because, said Hermione, returning to the diagram of 
the Chinese Chomping Cabbage she was copying, I 
dont think Umbridge would be very happy if she 
found out what we were up to. 

Harry had been looking forward to the weekend trip 
into Hogsmeade, but there was one thing worrying 
him. Sirius had maintained a stony silence since he 
had appeared in the fire at the beginning of 
September; Harry knew they had made him angry by 
saying that they did not want him to come  but he 
still worried from time to time that Sirius might throw 
caution to the winds and turn up anyway. What were 
they going to do if the great black dog came bounding 
up the street toward them in Hogsmeade, perhaps 
under the nose of Draco Malfoy? 

Well, you cant blame him for wanting to get out and 
about, said Ron, when Harry discussed his fears 
with him and Hermione. I mean, hes been on the 
run for over two years, hasnt he, and I know that 
cant have been a laugh, but at least he was free, 



  425Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wasnt he? And now hes just shut up all the time 
with that lunatic elf. 

Hermione scowled at Ron, but otherwise ignored the 
slight on Kreacher. 

The trouble is, she said to Harry, until VVoldemort 
 oh for heavens sake, Ron  comes out into the 
open, Sirius is going to have to stay hidden, isnt he? I 
mean, the stupid Ministry isnt going to realize Sirius 
is innocent until they accept that Dumbledores been 
telling the truth about him all along. And once the 
fools start catching real Death Eaters again itll be 
obvious Sirius isnt one ... I mean, he hasnt got the 
Mark, for one thing. 

I dont reckon hed be stupid enough to turn up, 
said Ron bracingly. Dumbledored go mad if he did 
and Sirius listens to Dumbledore even if he doesnt 
like what he hears. 

When Harry continued to look worried, Hermione 
said, Listen, Ron and I have been sounding out 
people who we thought might want to learn some 
proper Defense Against the Dark Arts, and there are a 
couple who seem interested. Weve told them to meet 
us in Hogsmeade. 

Right, said Harry vaguely, his mind still on Sirius. 

Dont worry, Harry, Hermione said quietly. Youve 
got enough on your plate without Sirius too. 

She was quite right, of course; he was barely keeping 
up with his homework, though he was doing much 
better now that he was no longer spending every 
evening in detention with Umbridge. Ron was even 
further behind with his work than Harry, because 
while they both had Quidditch practices twice a week, 
  426Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ron also had prefect duties. However, Hermione, who 
was taking more subjects than either of them, had 
not only finished all her homework but was also 
finding time to knit more elf clothes. Harry had to 
admit that she was getting better; it was now almost 
always possible to distinguish between the hats and 
the socks. 

The morning of the Hogsmeade visit dawned bright 
but windy. After breakfast they queued up in front of 
Filch, who matched their names to the long list of 
students who had permission from their parents or 
guardian to visit the village. With a slight pang, Harry 
remembered that if it hadnt been for Sirius, he would 
not have been going at all. 

When Harry reached Filch, the caretaker gave a great 
sniff as though trying to detect a whiff of something 
from Harry. Then he gave a curt nod that set his jowls 
aquiver again and Harry walked on, out onto the 
stone steps and the cold, sunlit day. 

Er  why was Filch sniffing you? asked Ron, as he, 
Harry, and Hermione set off at a brisk pace down the 
wide drive to the gates. 

I suppose he was checking for the smell of 
Dungbombs, said Harry with a small laugh. I forgot 
to tell you ... 

And he recounted the story of sending his letter to 
Sirius and Filch bursting in seconds later, demanding 
to see the letter. To his slight surprise, Hermione 
found this story highly interesting, much more, 
indeed, than he did himself. 

He said he was tipped off you were ordering 
Dungbombs? But who had tipped him off? 



  427Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I dunno, said Harry, shrugging. Maybe Malfoy, hed 
think it was a laugh. 

They walked between the tall stone pillars topped 
with winged boars and turned left onto the road into 
the village, the wind whipping their hair into their 
eyes. 

Malfoy? said Hermione, very skeptically. Well ... yes 
... maybe ... 

And she remained deep in thought all the way into 
the outskirts of Hogsmeade. 

Where are we going anyway? Harry asked. The 
Three Broomsticks? 

Oh  no, said Hermione, coming out of her reverie, 
no, its always packed and really noisy. Ive told the 
others to meet us in the Hogs Head, that other pub, 
you know the one, its not on the main road. I think 
its a bit ... you know ... dodgy ... but students dont 
normally go in there, so I dont think well be 
overheard. 

They walked down the main street past Zonkos Joke 
Shop, where they were unsurprised to see Fred, 
George, and Lee Jordan, past the post office, from 
which owls issued at regular intervals, and turned up 
a side street at the top of which stood a small inn. A 
battered wooden sign hung from a rusty bracket over 
the door, with a picture upon it of a wild boars 
severed head leaking blood onto the white cloth 
around it. The sign creaked in the wind as they 
approached. All three of them hesitated outside the 
door. 

Well, come on, said Hermione slightly nervously. 
Harry led the way inside. 

  428Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It was not at all like the Three Broomsticks, whose 
large bar gave an impression of gleaming warmth and 
cleanliness. The Hogs Head bar comprised one small, 
dingy, and very dirty room that smelled strongly of 
something that might have been goats. The bay 
windows were so encrusted with grime that very little 
daylight could permeate the room, which was lit 
instead with the stubs of candles sitting on rough 
wooden tables. The floor seemed at first glance to be 
earthy, though as Harry stepped onto it he realized 
that there was stone beneath what seemed to be the 
accumulated filth of centuries. 

Harry remembered Hagrid mentioning this pub in his 
first year: Yeh get a lot o funny folk in the Hogs 
Head, he had said, explaining how he had won a 
dragons egg from a hooded stranger there. At the time 
Harry had wondered why Hagrid had not found it odd 
that the stranger kept his face hidden throughout 
their encounter; now he saw that keeping your face 
hidden was something of a fashion in the Hogs Head. 
There was a man at the bar whose whole head was 
wrapped in dirty gray bandages, though he was still 
managing to gulp endless glasses of some smoking, 
fiery substance through a slit over his mouth. Two 
figures shrouded in hoods sat at a table in one of the 
windows; Harry might have thought them dementors 
if they had not been talking in strong Yorkshire 
accents; in a shadowy corner beside the fireplace sat 
a witch with a thick, black veil that fell to her toes. 
They could just see the tip of her nose because it 
caused the veil to protrude slightly. 

I dont know about this, Hermione, Harry muttered, 
as they crossed to the bar. He was looking 
particularly at the heavily veiled witch. Has it 
occurred to you Umbridge might be under that? 

Hermione cast an appraising eye at the veiled figure. 

  429Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Umbridge is shorter than that woman, she said 
quietly. And anyway, even if Umbridge does come in 
here theres nothing she can do to stop us, Harry, 
because Ive double and triplechecked the school 
rules. Were not outofbounds; I specifically asked 
Professor Flitwick whether students were allowed to 
come in the Hogs Head, and he said yes, but he 
advised me strongly to bring our own glasses. And Ive 
looked up everything I can think of about study 
groups and homework groups and theyre definitely 
allowed. I just dont think its a good idea if we parade 
what were doing. 

No, said Harry dryly, especially as its not exactly a 
homework group youre planning, is it? 

The barman sidled toward them out of a back room. 
He was a grumpylooking old man with a great deal of 
long gray hair and beard. He was tall and thin and 
looked vaguely familiar to Harry. 

What? he grunted. 

Three butterbeers, please, said Hermione. 

The man reached beneath the counter and pulled up 
three very dusty, very dirty bottles, which he 
slammed on the bar. 

Six Sickles, he said. 

Ill get them, said Harry quickly, passing over the 
silver. The barmans eyes traveled over Harry, resting 
for a fraction of a second on his scar. Then he turned 
away and deposited Harrys money in an ancient 
wooden till whose drawer slid open automatically to 
receive it. Harry, Ron, and Hermione retreated to the 
farthest table from the bar and sat down, looking 
around, while the man in the dirty gray bandages 
  430Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




rapped the counter with his knuckles and received 
another smoking drink from the barman. 



You know what? Ron murmured, looking over at the 
bar with enthusiasm. We could order anything we 
liked in here, I bet that bloke would sell us anything, 
he wouldnt care. Ive always wanted to try firewhisky 



You  are  a  prefect, snarled Hermione. 

Oh, said Ron, the smile fading from his face. Yeah 



So who did you say is supposed to be meeting us? 
Harry asked, wrenching open the rusty top of his 
butterbeer and taking a swig. 

Just a couple of people, Hermione repeated, 
checking her watch and then looking anxiously 
toward the door. I told them to be here about now 
and Im sure they all know where it is  oh look, this 
might be them now   

The door of the pub had opened. A thick band of 
dusty sunlight split the room in two for a moment 
and then vanished, blocked by the incoming rush of a 
crowd of people. 

First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were 
closely followed by Parvati and Padma Patil with 
(Harrys stomach did a back flip) Cho and one of her 
usually giggling girlfriends, then (on her own and 
looking so dreamy that she might have walked in by 
accident) Luna Lovegood; then Katie Bell, Alicia 
Spinnet, and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis 
Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Justin FinchFletchley, 
Hannah Abbott, and a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait 
down her back whose name Harry did not know; 

  431Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure were called 
Anthony Goldstein, Michael Corner, and Terry Boot; 
Ginny, followed by a tall skinny blond boy with an 
upturned nose whom Harry recognized vaguely as 
being a member of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, and 
bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with 
their friend Lee Jordan, all three of whom were 
carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonkos 
merchandise. 

A couple of people? said Harry hoarsely to 
Hermione. A couple of people ? 

Yes, well, the idea seemed quite popular, said 
Hermione happily. Ron, do you want to pull up some 
more chairs? 

The barman had frozen in the act of wiping out a 
glass with a rag so filthy it looked as though it had 
never been washed. Possibly he had never seen his 
pub so full. 

Hi, said Fred, reaching the bar first and counting 
his companions quickly. Could we have . . . twenty 
five butterbeers, please? 

The barman glared at him for a moment, then, 
throwing down his rag irritably as though he had 
been interrupted in something very important, he 
started passing up dusty butterbeers from under the 
bar. 

Cheers, said Fred, handing them out. Cough up, 
everyone, I havent got enough gold for all of these... 

Harry watched numbly as the large chattering group 
took their beers from Fred and rummaged in their 
robes to find coins. He could not imagine what all 
these people had turned up for until the horrible 

  432Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




thought occurred to him that they might be expecting 
some kind of speech, at which he rounded on 
Hermione. 

What have you been telling people? he said in a low 
voice. What are they expecting? 

Ive told you, they just want to hear what youve got 
to say, said Hermione soothingly; but Harry 
continued to look at her so furiously that she added 
quickly, You dont have to do anything yet, Ill speak 
to them first. 

Hi, Harry, said Neville, beaming and taking a seat 
opposite Harry. 

Harry tried to smile back, but did not speak; his 
mouth was exceptionally dry. Cho had just smiled at 
him and sat down on Rons right. Her friend, who had 
curly reddishblonde hair, did not smile, but gave 
Harry a thoroughly mistrustful look that told Harry 
plainly that, given her way, she would not be here at 
all. 

In twos and threes the new arrivals settled around 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, some looking rather 
excited, others curious, Luna Lovegood gazing 
dreamily into space. When everybody had pulled up a 
chair, the chatter died out. Every eye was upon 
Harry. 

Er, said Hermione, her voice slightly higher than 
usual out of nerves. Well  er  hi. 

The group focused its attention on her instead, 
though eyes continued to dart back regularly to 
Harry. 



  433Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well ... erm ... well, you know why youre here. Erm 
... well, Harry here had the idea  I mean  Harry 
had thrown her a sharp look  I had the idea  that 
it might be good if people who wanted to study 
Defense Against the Dark Arts  and I mean, really 
study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is 
doing with us  (Hermiones voice became suddenly 
much stronger and more confident)  because 
nobody could call that Defense Against the Dark Arts 
 Hear, hear, said Anthony Goldstein, and 
Hermione looked heartened  well, I thought it 
would be good if we, well, took matters into our own 
hands. 

She paused, looked sideways at Harry, and went on, 
And by that I mean learning how to defend ourselves 
properly, not just theory but the real spells   

You want to pass your Defense Against the Dark Arts 
O.W.L. too though, I bet? said Michael Corner. 

Of course I do, said Hermione at once. But I want 
more than that, I want to be properly trained in 
Defense because ... because ... She took a great 
breath and finished, Because Lord Voldemorts 
back. 

The reaction was immediate and predictable. Chos 
friend shrieked and slopped butterbeer down herself, 
Terry Boot gave a kind of involuntary twitch, Padma 
Patil shuddered, and Neville gave an odd yelp that he 
managed to turn into a cough. All of them, however, 
looked fixedly, even eagerly, at Harry. 

Well ... thats the plan anyway, said Hermione. If 
you want to join us, we need to decide how were 
going to   



  434Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Wheres the proof YouKnow Whos back? said the 
blond Hufflepuff player in a rather aggressive voice. 

Well, Dumbledore believes it   Hermione began. 

You mean, Dumbledore believes him, said the blond 
boy, nodding at Harry. 

Who are you? said Ron rather rudely. 

Zacharias Smith, said the boy, and I think weve 
got the right to know exactly what makes him say 
YouKnowWhos back. 

Look, said Hermione, intervening swiftly, thats 
really not what this meeting was supposed to be 
about   

Its okay, Hermione, said Harry. 

It had just dawned upon him why there were so many 
people there. He felt that Hermione should have seen 
this coming. Some of these people  maybe even 
most of them  had turned up in the hope of hearing 
Harrys story firsthand. 

What makes me say YouKnowWhos back? he 
asked, looking Zacharias straight in the face. I saw 
him. But Dumbledore told the whole school what 
happened last year, and if you didnt believe him, you 
dont believe me, and Im not wasting an afternoon 
trying to convince anyone. 

The whole group seemed to have held its breath while 
Harry spoke. Harry had the impression that even the 
barman was listening in. He was wiping the same 
glass with the filthy rag; it was becoming steadily 
dirtier. 



  435Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Zacharias said dismissively, All Dumbledore told us 
last year was that Cedric Diggory got killed by You 
KnowWho and that you brought Diggorys body back 
to Hogwarts. He didnt give us details, he didnt tell us 
exactly how Diggory got murdered, I think wed all 
like to know   

If youve come to hear exactly what it looks like when 
Voldemort murders someone I cant help you, Harry 
said. His temper, always so close to the surface these 
days, was rising again. He did not take his eyes from 
Zacharias Smiths aggressive face, determined not to 
look at Cho. I dont want to talk about Cedric 
Diggory, all right? So if thats what youre here for, 
you might as well clear out. 

He cast an angry look in Hermiones direction. This 
was, he felt, all her fault; she had decided to display 
him like some sort of freak and of course they had all 
turned up to see just how wild his story was... But 
none of them left their seats, not even Zacharias 
Smith, though he continued to gaze intently at Harry. 

So, said Hermione, her voice very highpitched 
again. So ... like I was saying ... if you want to learn 
some defense, then we need to work out how were 
going to do it, how often were going to meet, and 
where were going to   

Is it true, interrupted the girl with the long plait 
down her back, looking at Harry, that you can 
produce a Patronus? 

There was a murmur of interest around the group at 
this. 

Yeah, said Harry slightly defensively. 

A corporeal Patronus? 

  436Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The phrase stirred something in Harrys memory. 



Er  you dont know Madam Bones, do you? he 
asked. 

The girl smiled. 

Shes my auntie, she said. Im Susan Bones. She 
told me about your hearing. So  is it really true? 

You make a stag Patronus? 

Yes, said Harry. 

Blimey, Harry! said Lee, looking deeply impressed. I 
never knew that! 

Mum told Ron not to spread it around, said Fred, 
grinning at Harry. She said you got enough attention 
as it was. 

Shes not wrong, mumbled Harry and a couple of 
people laughed. The veiled witch sitting alone shifted 
very slightly in her seat. 

And did you kill a basilisk with that sword in 
Dumbledores office? demanded Terry Boot. Thats 
what one of the portraits on the wall told me when I 
was in there last year... 

Er  yeah, I did, yeah, said Harry. 

Justin FinchFletchley whistled, the Creevey brothers 
exchanged awestruck looks, and Lavender Brown said 
wow softly. Harry was feeling slightly hot around the 
collar now; he was determinedly looking anywhere 
but at Cho. 

And in our first year, said Neville to the group at 
large, he saved that Sorcerous Stone   

  437Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Sorcerers, hissed Hermione. 

Yes, that, from YouKnowWho, finished Neville. 

Hannah Abbotts eyes were as round as Galleons. 

And thats not to mention, said Cho (Harrys eyes 
snapped onto her, she was looking at him, smiling; 
his stomach did another somersault), all the tasks he 
had to get through in the Triwizard Tournament last 
year  getting past dragons and merpeople and 
acromantulas and things... 

There was a murmur of impressed agreement around 
the table. 

Harrys insides were squirming. He was trying to 
arrange his face so that he did not look too pleased 
with himself. The fact that Cho had just praised him 
made it much, much harder for him to say the thing 
he had sworn to himself he would tell them. 

Look, he said and everyone fell silent at once, I ... I 
dont want to sound like Im trying to be modest or 
anything, but ... I had a lot of help with all that 
stuff... 

Not with the dragon, you didnt, said Michael Corner 
at once. That was a seriously cool bit of flying... 

Yeah, well   said Harry, feeling it would be churlish 
to disagree. 

And nobody helped you get rid of those dementors 
this summer, said Susan Bones. 

No, said Harry, no, okay, I know I did bits of it 
without help, but the point Im trying to make is   



  438Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Are you trying to weasel out of showing us any of 
this stuff? said Zacharias Smith. 

Heres an idea, said Ron loudly, before Harry could 
speak, why dont you shut your mouth? 

Perhaps the word weasel had affected Ron 
particularly strongly; in any case, he was now looking 
at Zacharias as though he would like nothing better 
than to thump him. Zacharias flushed. 

Well, weve all turned up to learn from him, and now 
hes telling us he cant really do any of it, he said. 

Thats not what he said, snarled Fred Weasley. 

Would you like us to clean out your ears for you? 
inquired George, pulling a long and lethallooking 
metal instrument from inside one of the Zonkos bags. 

Or any part of your body, really, were not fussy 
where we stick this, said Fred. 

Yes, well, said Hermione hastily, moving on ... the 
point is, are we agreed we want to take lessons from 
Harry? 

There was a murmur of general agreement. Zacharias 
folded his arms and said nothing, though perhaps 
this was because he was too busy keeping an eye on 
the instrument in Georges hand. 

Right, said Hermione, looking relieved that 
something had at last been settled. Well, then, the 
next question is how often we do it. I really dont 
think theres any point in meeting less than once a 
week   



  439Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hang on, said Angelina, we need to make sure this 
doesnt clash with our Quidditch practice. 

No, said Cho, nor with ours. 

Nor ours, added Zacharias Smith. 

Im sure we can find a night that suits everyone, 
said Hermione, slightly impatiently, but you know, 
this is rather important, were talking about learning 
to defend ourselves against VVoldemorts Death 
Eaters   

Well said! barked Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry had 
been expecting to speak long before this. Personally I 
think this is really important, possibly more 
important than anything else well do this year, even 
with our O.W.L.s coming up! 

He looked around impressively, as though waiting for 
people to cry, Surely not! When nobody spoke, he 
went on, I, personally, am at a loss to see why the 
Ministry has foisted such a useless teacher upon us 
at this critical period. Obviously they are in denial 
about the return of YouKnowWho, but to give us a 
teacher who is trying to actively prevent us from 
using defensive spells   

We think the reason Umbridge doesnt want us 
trained in Defense Against the Dark Arts, said 
Hermione, is that shes got some ... some mad idea 
that Dumbledore could use the students in the school 
as a kind of private army. She thinks hed mobilize us 
against the Ministry. 

Nearly everybody looked stunned at this news; 
everybody except Luna Lovegood, who piped up, 

Well, that makes sense. After all, Cornelius Fudge 
has got his own private army. 

  440Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What? said Harry, completely thrown by this 
unexpected piece of information. 

Yes, hes got an army of heliopaths, said Luna 
solemnly. 

No, he hasnt, snapped Hermione. 

Yes, he has, said Luna. 

What are heliopaths? asked Neville, looking blank. 

Theyre spirits of fire, said Luna, her protuberant 
eyes widening so that she looked madder than ever. 
Great tall flaming creatures that gallop across the 
ground burning everything in front of   

They dont exist, Neville, said Hermione tartly. 

Oh yes they do! said Luna angrily. 

Im sorry, but wheres the proof of that? snapped 
Hermione. 

There are plenty of eyewitness accounts, just 
because youre so narrowminded you need to have 
everything shoved under your nose before you   

Hem, hem, said Ginny in such a good imitation of 
Professor Umbridge that several people looked around 
in alarm and then laughed. Werent we trying to 
decide how often were going to meet and get Defense 
lessons? 

Yes, said Hermione at once, yes, we were, youre 
right... 

Well, once a week sounds cool, said Lee Jordan. 



  441Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




As long as   began Angelina. 



Yes, yes, we know about the Quidditch, said 
Hermione in a tense voice. Well, the other thing to 
decide is where were going to meet... 

This was rather more difficult; the whole group fell 
silent. 

Library? suggested Katie Bell after a few moments. 

I cant see Madam Pince being too chuffed with us 
doing jinxes in the library, said Harry. 

Maybe an unused classroom? said Dean. 

Yeah, said Ron, McGonagall might let us have hers, 
she did when Harry was practicing for the 
Tri wizard... 

But Harry was pretty certain that McGonagall would 
not be so accommodating this time. For all that 
Hermione had said about study and homework 
groups being allowed, he had the distinct feeling this 
one might be considered a lot more rebellious. 

Right, well, well try to find somewhere, said 
Hermione. Well send a message round to everybody 
when weve got a time and a place for the first 
meeting. 

She rummaged in her bag and produced parchment 
and a quill, then hesitated, rather as though she was 
steeling herself to say something. 

II think everybody should write their name down, 
just so we know who was here. But I also think, she 
took a deep breath, that we all ought to agree not to 
shout about what were doing. So if you sign, youre 

  442Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




agreeing not to tell Umbridge  or anybody else 
what were up to. 



Fred reached out for the parchment and cheerfully 
put down his signature, but Harry noticed at once 
that several people looked less than happy at the 
prospect of putting their names on the list. 

Er ... said Zacharias slowly, not taking the 
parchment that George was trying to pass him. Well 
... Im sure Ernie will tell me when the meeting is. 

But Ernie was looking rather hesitant about signing 
too. Hermione raised her eyebrows at him. 

I  well, we are prefects, Ernie burst out. And if 
this list was found ... well, I mean to say ... you said 
yourself, if Umbridge finds out ... 

You just said this group was the most important 
thing youd do this year, Harry reminded him. 

I  yes, said Ernie, yes, I do believe that, its just 



Ernie, do you really think Id leave that list lying 
around? said Hermione testily. 

No. No, of course not, said Ernie, looking slightly 
less anxious. I  yes, of course Ill sign. 

Nobody raised objections after Ernie, though Harry 
saw Chos friend give her a rather reproachful look 
before adding her name. When the last person  
Zacharias  had signed, Hermione took the 
parchment back and slipped it carefully into her bag. 
There was an odd feeling in the group now. It was as 
though they had just signed some kind of contract. 

  443Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, times ticking on, said Fred briskly, getting to 
his feet. George, Lee, and I have got items of a 
sensitive nature to purchase, well be seeing you all 
later. 

In twos and threes the rest of the group took their 
leave too. Cho made rather a business of fastening 
the catch on her bag before leaving, her long dark 
curtain of hair swinging forward to hide her face, but 
her friend stood beside her, arms folded, clicking her 
tongue, so that Cho had little choice but to leave with 
her. As her friend ushered her through the door, Cho 
looked back and waved at Harry. 

Well, I think that went quite well, said Hermione 
happily, as she, Harry, and Ron walked out of the 
Hogs Head into the bright sunlight a few moments 
later, Harry and Ron still clutching their bottles of 
butterbeer. 

That Zacharias blokes a wart, said Ron, who was 
glowering after the figure of Smith just discernible in 
the distance. 

I dont like him much either, admitted Hermione, 
but he overheard me talking to Ernie and Hannah at 
the Hufflepuff table and he seemed really interested 
in coming, so what could I say? But the more people 
the better really  I mean, Michael Corner and his 
friends wouldnt have come if he hadnt been going 
out with Ginny   

Ron, who had been draining the last few drops from 
his butterbeer bottle, gagged and sprayed butterbeer 
down his front. 

Hes WHAT? said Ron, outraged, his ears now 
resembling curls of raw beef. Shes going out with  



  444Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




my sisters going  what dyou mean, Michael 
Corner? 

Well, thats why he and his friends came, I think  
well, theyre obviously interested in learning defense, 
but if Ginny hadnt told Michael what was going on  



When did this  when did she  ? 

They met at the Yule Ball and they got together at 
the end of last year, said Hermione composedly. They 
had turned into the High Street and she paused 
outside Scrivenshafts Quill Shop, where there was a 
handsome display of pheasantfeather quills in the 
window. Hmm ... I could do with a new quill. 

She turned into the shop. Harry and Ron followed 
her. 

Which one was Michael Corner? Ron demanded 
furiously. 

The dark one, said Hermione. 

I didnt like him, said Ron at once. 

Big surprise, said Hermione under her breath. 

But, said Ron, following Hermione along a row of 
quills in copper pots, I thought Ginny fancied Harry! 

Hermione looked at him rather pityingly and shook 
her head. 

Ginny used to fancy Harry, but she gave up on him 
months ago. Not that she doesnt like you, of course, 
she added kindly to Harry while she examined a long 
blackandgold quill. 

  445Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry, whose head was still full of Chos parting wave, 
did not find this subject quite as interesting as Ron, 
who was positively quivering with indignation, but it 
did bring something home to him that until now he 
had not really registered. 

So thats why she talks now? he asked Hermione. 
She never used to talk in front of me. 

Exactly, said Hermione. Yes, I think Ill have this 
one... 

She went up to the counter and handed over fifteen 
Sickles and two Knuts, Ron still breathing down her 
neck. 

Ron, she said severely as she turned and trod on his 
feet, this is exactly why Ginny hasnt told you shes 
seeing Michael, she knew youd take it badly. So dont 
harp on about it, for heavens sake. 

What dyou mean, whos taking anything badly? Im 
not going to harp on about anything ... 

Ron continued to chunter under his breath all the 
way down the street. Hermione rolled her eyes at 
Harry and then said in an undertone, while Ron was 
muttering imprecations about Michael Corner, And 
talking about Michael and Ginny . . . what about Cho 
and you? 

What dyou mean? said Harry quickly. 

It was as though boiling water was rising rapidly 
inside him; a burning sensation that was causing his 
face to smart in the cold  had he been that obvious? 

Well, said Hermione, smiling slightly, she just 
couldnt keep her eyes off you, could she? 

  446Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry had never before appreciated just how beautiful 
the village of Hogsmeade was. 



  447Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





EDUCATIONAL DECREE NUMBER 
TWENTYFOUR 

Harry felt happier for the rest of the weekend than he 
had done all term. He and Ron spent much of Sunday 
catching up with all their homework again, and 
although this could hardly be called fun, the last 
burst of autumn sunshine persisted, so rather than 
sitting hunched over tables in the common room, they 
took their work outside and lounged in the shade of a 
large beech tree on the edge of the lake. Hermione, 
who of course was up to date with all her work, 
brought more wool outside with her and bewitched 
her knitting needles so that they flashed and clicked 
in midair beside her, producing more hats and 
scarves. 

The knowledge that they were doing something to 
resist Umbridge and the Ministry, and that he was a 
key part of the rebellion, gave Harry a feeling of 
immense satisfaction. He kept reliving Saturdays 
meeting in his mind: all those people, coming to him 
to learn Defense Against the Dark Arts . . . and the 
looks on their faces as they had heard some of the 



  448Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



things he had done . . . and Cho praising his 
performance in the Triwizard Tournament... The 
knowledge that all those people did not think him a 
lying weirdo, but someone to be admired, buoyed him 
up so much that he was still cheerful on Monday 
morning, despite the imminent prospect of all his 
least favorite classes. 

He and Ron headed downstairs from their dormitory 
together, discussing Angelinas idea that they were to 
work on a new move called the Sloth Grip Roll during 
that nights Quidditch practice, and not until they 
were halfway across the sunlit common room did they 
notice the addition to the room that had already 
attracted the attention of a small group of people. 

A large sign had been affixed to the Gryffindor notice 
board, so large that it covered everything else on there 
 the lists of secondhand spellbooks for sale, the 
regular reminders of school rules from Argus Filch, 
the Quidditch team training schedule, the offers to 
barter certain Chocolate Frog cards for others, the 
Weasleys new advertisement for testers, the dates of 
the Hogsmeade weekends, and the lostandfound 
notices. The new sign was printed in large black 
letters and there was a highly officiallooking seal at 
the bottom beside a neat and curly signature. 



 BY ORDER OF  

THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS 

All Student Organizations, Societies, Teams, Groups, 
and Clubs are henceforth disbanded. 



  449Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




An Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club is 
hereby defined as a regular meeting of three or more 
students. 

Permission to reform may be sought from the High 
Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge). 

No Student Organization, Society, Team, Group, or 
Club may exist without the knowledge and approval 
of the High Inquisitor. 

Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, an 
Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club that has 
not been approved by the High Inquisitor will be 
expelled. 

The above is in accordance with 
Educational Decree Number Twentyfour. 

Signed: 

Dolores Jane Umbridge 
HIGH INQUISITOR 

Harry and Ron read the notice over the heads of some 
anxiouslooking second years. 

Does this mean theyre going to shut down the 
Gobstones Club? one of them asked his friend. 

I reckon youll be okay with Gobstones, Ron said 
darkly, making the second year jump. I dont think 
were going to be as lucky, though, do you? he asked 
Harry as the second years hurried away. 



  450Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry was reading the notice through again. The 
happiness that had filled him since Saturday was 
gone. His insides were pulsing with rage. 

This isnt a coincidence, he said, his hands forming 
fists. She knows. 

She cant, said Ron at once. 

There were people listening in that pub. And lets 
face it, we dont know how many of the people who 
turned up we can trust... Any of them could have run 
off and told Umbridge... 

And he had thought they believed him, thought they 
even admired him . . . 

Zacharias Smith! said Ron at once, punching a fist 
into his hand. Or  I thought that Michael Corner 
had a really shifty look too   

I wonder if Hermiones seen this yet? Harry said, 
looking around at the door to the girls dormitories. 

Lets go and tell her, said Ron. He bounded forward, 
pulled open the door, and set off up the spiral 
staircase. 

He was on the sixth stair when it happened. There 
was a loud, wailing, klaxonlike sound and the steps 
melted together to make a long, smooth stone slide. 
There was a brief moment when Ron tried to keep 
running, arms working madly like windmills, then he 
toppled over backward and shot down the newly 
created slide, coming to rest on his back at Harrys 
feet. 



  451Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Er  I dont think were allowed in the girls 
dormitories, said Harry, pulling Ron to his feet and 
trying not to laugh. 

Two fourthyear girls came zooming gleefully down 
the stone slide. 

Oooh, who tried to get upstairs? they giggled 
happily, leaping to their feet and ogling Harry and 
Ron. 

Me, said Ron, who was still rather disheveled. I 
didnt realize that would happen. Its not fair! he 
added to Harry, as the girls headed off for the portrait 
hole, still giggling madly. Hermiones allowed in our 
dormitory, how come were not allowed  ? 

Well, its an oldfashioned rule, said Hermione, who 
had just slid neatly onto a rug in front of them and 
was now getting to her feet, but it says in Hogwarts, 
A History that the founders thought boys were less 
trustworthy than girls. Anyway, why were you trying 
to get in there? 

To see you  look at this! said Ron, dragging her 
over to the notice board. 

Hermiones eyes slid rapidly down the notice. Her 
expression became stony. 

Someone must have blabbed to her! Ron said 
angrily. 

They cant have done, said Hermione in a low voice. 

Youre so naive, said Ron, you think just because 
youre all honorable and trustworthy   



  452Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, they cant have done because I put a jinx on that 
piece of parchment we all signed, said Hermione 
grimly. Believe me, if anyones run off and told 
Umbridge, well know exactly who they are and they 
will really regret it. 

Whatll happen to them? said Ron eagerly. 

Well, put it this way, said Hermione, itll make 
Eloise Midgens acne look like a couple of cute 
freckles. Come on, lets get down to breakfast and see 
what the others think. . . I wonder whether this has 
been put up in all the Houses? 

It was immediately apparent on entering the Great 
Hall that Umbridges sign had not only appeared in 
Gryffindor Tower. There was a peculiar intensity 
about the chatter and an extra measure of movement 
in the Hall as people scurried up and down their 
tables conferring on what they had read. Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione had barely taken their seats when 
Neville, Dean, Fred, George, and Ginny descended 
upon them. 

Did you see it? 

Dyou reckon she knows? 

What are we going to do? 

They were all looking at Harry. He glanced around to 
make sure there were no teachers near them. 

Were going to do it anyway, of course, he said 
quietly. 

Knew youd say that, said George, beaming and 
thumping Harry on the arm. 



  453Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The prefects as well? said Fred, looking quizzically 
at Ron and Hermione. 

Of course, said Hermione coolly. 

Here comes Ernie and Hannah Abbott, said Ron, 
looking over his shoulder. And those Ravenclaw 
blokes and Smith ... and no one looks very spotty. 

Hermione looked alarmed. 

Never mind spots, the idiots cant come over here 
now, itll look really suspicious  sit down! she 
mouthed to Ernie and Hannah, gesturing frantically 
to them to rejoin the Hufflepuff table. Later! Well  
talk  to  you  lateri 

Ill tell Michael, said Ginny impatiently, swinging 
herself off her bench. The fool, honestly ... 

She hurried off toward the Ravenclaw table; Harry 
watched her go. Cho was sitting not far away, talking 
to the curlyhaired friend she had brought along to 
the Hogs Head. Would Umbridges notice scare her off 
meeting them again? 

But the full repercussions of the sign were not felt 
until they were leaving the Great Hall for History of 
Magic. 

Harry! Ron\ 

It was Angelina and she was hurrying toward them 
looking perfectly desperate. 

Its okay, said Harry quietly, when she was near 
enough to hear him. Were still going to   



  454Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You realize shes including Quidditch in this? 
Angelina said over him. We have to go and ask 
permission to reform the Gryffindor team! 

What? said Harry. 

No way, said Ron, appalled. 

You read the sign, it mentions teams too! So listen, 
Harry ... I am saying this for the last time... Please, 
please dont lose your temper with Umbridge again or 
she might not let us play anymore! 

Okay, okay, said Harry, for Angelina looked as 
though she was on the verge of tears. Dont worry, Ill 
behave myself... 

Bet Umbridge is in History of Magic, said Ron 
grimly, as they set off for Binnss lesson. She hasnt 
inspected Binns yet... Bet you anything shes there... 

But he was wrong; the only teacher present when 
they entered was Professor Binns, floating an inch or 
so above his chair as usual and preparing to continue 
his monotonous drone on giant wars. Harry did not 
even attempt to follow what he was saying today; he 
doodled idly on his parchment ignoring Hermiones 
frequent glares and nudges, until a particularly 
painful poke in the ribs made him look up angrily. 

What? 

She pointed at the window. Harry looked around. 
Hedwig was perched on the narrow window ledge, 
gazing through the thick glass at him, a letter tied to 
her leg. Harry could not understand it; they had just 
had breakfast, why on earth hadnt she delivered the 
letter then, as usual? Many of his classmates were 
pointing out Hedwig to each other too. 

  455Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh, Ive always loved that owl, shes so beautiful, 
Harry heard Lavender sigh to Parvati. 



He glanced around at Professor Binns who continued 
to read his notes, serenely unaware that the classs 
attention was even less focused upon him than usual. 
Harry slipped quietly off his chair, crouched down, 
and hurried along the row to the window, where he 
slid the catch and opened it very slowly. 

He had expected Hedwig to hold out her leg so that he 
could remove the letter and then fly off to the Owlery, 
but the moment the window was open wide enough 
she hopped inside, hooting dolefully. He closed the 
window with an anxious glance at Professor Binns, 
crouched low again, and sped back to his seat with 
Hedwig on his shoulder. He regained his seat, 
transferred Hedwig to his lap, and made to remove 
the letter tied to her leg. 

It was only then that he realized that Hedwigs 
feathers were oddly ruffled; some were bent the wrong 
way, and she was holding one of her wings at an odd 
angle. 

Shes hurt! Harry whispered, bending his head low 
over her. Hermione and Ron leaned in closer; 
Hermione even put down her quill. Look  theres 
something wrong with her wing   

Hedwig was quivering; when Harry made to touch the 
wing she gave a little jump, all her feathers on end as 
though she was inflating herself, and gazed at him 
reproachfully. 

Professor Binns, said Harry loudly, and everyone in 
the class turned to look at him. Im not feeling well. 



  456Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Binns raised his eyes from his notes, 
looking amazed, as always, to find the room in front 
of him full of people. 

Not feeling well? he repeated hazily. 

Not at all well, said Harry firmly, getting to his feet 
while concealing Hedwig behind his back. So I think 
Ill need to go to the hospital wing. 

Yes, said Professor Binns, clearly very much wrong 
footed. Yes ... yes, hospital wing ... well, off you go, 
then, Perkins ... 

Once outside the room Harry returned Hedwig to his 
shoulder and hurried off up the corridor, pausing to 
think only when he was out of sight of Binnss door. 
His first choice of somebody to cure Hedwig would 
have been Hagrid, of course, but as he had no idea 
where Hagrid was, his only remaining option was to 
find Professor GrubblyPlank and hope she would 
help. 

He peered out of a window at the blustery, overcast 
grounds. There was no sign of her anywhere near 
Hagrids cabin; if she was not teaching, she was 
probably in the staffroom. He set off downstairs, 
Hedwig hooting feebly as she swayed on his shoulder. 

Two stone gargoyles flanked the staffroom door. As 
Harry approached, one of them croaked, You should 
be in class, sunny Jim. 

This is urgent, said Harry curtly. 

Ooooh, urgent, is it? said the other gargoyle in a 
highpitched voice. Well, thats put us in our place, 
hasnt it? 



  457Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry knocked; he heard footsteps and then the door 
opened and he found himself facetoface with 
Professor McGonagall. 

You havent been given another detention! she said 
at once, her square spectacles flashing alarmingly. 

No, Professor! said Harry hastily. 

Well then, why are you out of class? 

Its urgent, apparently, said the second gargoyle 
snidely. 

Im looking for Professor GrubblyPlank, Harry 
explained. Its my owl, shes injured. 

Injured owl, did you say? 

Professor GrubblyPlank appeared at Professor 
McGonagalls shoulder, smoking a pipe and holding a 
copy of the Daily Prophet 

Yes, said Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off his 
shoulder, she turned up after the other post owls 
and her wings all funny, look   

Professor GrubblyPlank stuck her pipe firmly 
between her teeth and took Hedwig from Harry while 
Professor McGonagall watched. 

Hmm, said Professor GrubblyPlank, her pipe 
waggling slightly as she talked. Looks like 
somethings attacked her. Cant think what would 
have done it, though... Thestrals will sometimes go for 
birds, of course, but Hagrids got the Hogwarts 
thestrals well trained not to touch owls ... 



  458Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry neither knew nor cared what thestrals were, he 
just wanted to know that Hedwig was going to be all 
right. Professor McGonagall, however, looked sharply 
at Harry and said, Do you know how far this owls 
traveled, Potter? 

Er, said Harry. From London, I think. 

He met her eyes briefly and knew that she understood 
London to mean number twelve, Grimmauld Place 
by the way her eyebrows had joined in the middle. 

Professor GrubblyPlank pulled a monocle out of the 
inside of her robes and screwed it into her eye to 
examine Hedwigs wing closely. I should be able to 
sort this out if you leave her with me, Potter, she 
said. She shouldnt be flying long distances for a few 
days, in any case. 

Er  right  thanks, said Harry, just as the bell 
rang for break. 

No problem, said Professor GrubblyPlank gruffly, 
turning back into the staffroom. 

Just a moment, Wilhelmina! said Professor 
McGonagall. Potters letter! 

Oh yeah! said Harry, who had momentarily 
forgotten the scroll tied to Hedwigs leg. Professor 
GrubblyPlank handed it over and then disappeared 
into the staffroom carrying Hedwig, who was staring 
at Harry as though unable to believe he would give 
her away like this. Feeling slightly guilty, he turned to 
go, but Professor McGonagall called him back. 

Potter! 

Yes, Professor? 

  459Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She glanced up and down the corridor; there were 
students coming from both directions. 

Bear in mind, she said quickly and quietly, her eyes 
on the scroll in his hand, that channels of 
communication in and out of Hogwarts may be being 
watched, wont you? 

I   said Harry, but the flood of students rolling 
along the corridor was almost upon him. Professor 
McGonagall gave him a curt nod and retreated into 
the staffroom, leaving Harry to be swept out into the 
courtyard with the crowd. Here he spotted Ron and 
Hermione already standing in a sheltered corner, 
their cloak collars turned up against the wind. Harry 
slit open the scroll as he hurried toward them and 
found five words in Siriuss handwriting: 

Today, same time, same place. 

Is Hedwig okay? asked Hermione anxiously, the 
moment he was within earshot. 

Where did you take her? asked Ron. 

To GrubblyPlank, said Harry. And I met 
McGonagall... Listen... 

And he told them what Professor McGonagall had 
said. To his surprise, neither of the others looked 
shocked; on the contrary, they exchanged significant 
looks. 

What? said Harry, looking from Ron to Hermione 
and back again. 

Well, I was just saying to Ron ... what if someone 
had tried to intercept Hedwig? I mean, shes never 
been hurt on a flight before, has she? 

  460Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Whos the letter from anyway? asked Ron, taking 
the note from Harry. 

Snuffles, said Harry quietly. 

 Same time, same place? Does he mean the fire in 
the common room? 

Obviously, said Hermione, also reading the note. 

She looked uneasy. I just hope nobody else has read 
this... 

But it was still sealed and everything, said Harry, 
trying to convince himself as much as her. And 
nobody would understand what it meant if they didnt 
know where wed spoken to him before, would they? 

I dont know, said Hermione anxiously, hitching her 
bag back over her shoulder as the bell rang again. It 
wouldnt be exactly difficult to reseal the scroll by 
magic... And if anyones watching the Floo Network ... 
but I dont really see how we can warn him not to 
come without that being intercepted too! 

They trudged down the stone steps to the dungeons 
for Potions, all three of them lost in thought, but as 
they reached the bottom of the stairs they were 
recalled to themselves by the voice of Draco Malfoy, 
who was standing just outside Snapes classroom 
door, waving around an officiallooking piece of 
parchment and talking much louder than was 
necessary so that they could hear every word. 

Yeah, Umbridge gave the Slytherin Quidditch team 
permission to continue playing straightaway, I went 
to ask her first thing this morning. Well, it was pretty 
much automatic, I mean, she knows my father really 
well, hes always popping in and out of the Ministry... 



  461Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Itll be interesting to see whether Gryffindor are 
allowed to keep playing, wont it? 

Dont rise, Hermione whispered imploringly to Harry 
and Ron, who were both watching Malfoy, faces set 
and fists clenched. Its what he wants... 

I mean, said Malfoy, raising his voice a little more, 
his gray eyes glittering malevolently in Harry and 
Rons direction, if its a question of influence with the 
Ministry, I dont think theyve got much chance... 

From what my father says, theyve been looking for an 
excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for years... And as for 
Potter ... My father says its a matter of time before 
the Ministry has him carted off to St. Mungos... 
apparently theyve got a special ward for people whose 
brains have been addled by magic... 

Malfoy made a grotesque face, his mouth sagging 
open and his eyes rolling. Crabbe and Goyle gave 
their usual grunts of laughter, Pansy Parkinson 
shrieked with glee. 

Something collided hard with Harrys shoulder, 
knocking him sideways. A split second later he 
realized that Neville had just charged past him, 
heading straight for Malfoy. 

Neville, no! 

Harry leapt forward and seized the back of Nevilles 
robes; Neville struggled frantically, his fists flailing, 
trying desperately to get at Malfoy who looked, for a 
moment, extremely shocked. 

Help me! Harry flung at Ron, managing to get an 
arm around Nevilles neck and dragging him 
backward, away from the Slytherins. Crabbe and 
Goyle were now flexing their arms, closing in front of 

  462Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Malfoy, ready for the fight. Ron hurried forward and 
seized Nevilles arms; together, he and Harry 
succeeded in dragging Neville back into the Gryffindor 
line. Nevilles face was scarlet; the pressure Harry was 
exerting on his throat rendered him quite 
incomprehensible, but odd words spluttered from his 
mouth. 

Not... funny ... dont ... Mungos ... show ... him ... 

The dungeon door opened. Snape appeared there. His 
black eyes swept up the Gryffindor line to the point 
where Harry and Ron were wrestling with Neville. 

Fighting, Potter, Weasley, Longbottom? Snape said 
in his cold, sneering voice. Ten points from 
Gryffindor. Release Longbottom, Potter, or it will be 
detention. Inside, all of you. 

Harry let go of Neville, who stood panting and glaring 
at him. 

I had to stop you, Harry gasped, picking up his bag. 
Crabbe and Goyle wouldve torn you apart. 

Neville said nothing, he merely snatched up his own 
bag and stalked off into the dungeon. 

What in the name of Merlin, said Ron slowly, as 
they followed Neville, was that about? 

Harry did not answer. He knew exactly why the 
subject of people who were in St. Mungos because of 
magical damage to their brains was highly distressing 
to Neville, but he had sworn to Dumbledore that he 
would not tell anyone Nevilles secret. Even Neville did 
not know that Harry knew. 



  463Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their usual seats at 
the back of the class and pulled out parchment, 
quills, and their copies of One Thousand Magical 
Herbs and Fungi. The class around them was 
whispering about what Neville had just done, but 
when Snape closed the dungeon door with an echoing 
bang everybody fell silent immediately. 

You will notice, said Snape in his low, sneering 
voice, that we have a guest with us today. 

He gestured toward the dim corner of the dungeon, 
and Harry saw Professor Umbridge sitting there, 
clipboard on her knee. He glanced sideways at Ron 
and Hermione, his eyebrows raised. Snape and 
Umbridge, the two teachers he hated most ... it was 
hard to decide which he wanted to triumph over the 
other. 

We are continuing with our Strengthening Solutions 
today, you will find your mixtures as you left them 
last lesson, if correctly made they should have 
matured well over the weekend  instructions  he 
waved his wand again  on the board. Carry on. 

Professor Umbridge spent the first half hour of the 
lesson making notes in her corner. Harry was very 
interested in hearing her question Snape, so 
interested, that he was becoming careless with his 
potion again. 

Salamander blood, Harry! Hermione moaned, 
grabbing his wrist to prevent him adding the wrong 
ingredient for the third time. Not pomegranate juice! 

Right, said Harry vaguely, putting down the bottle 
and continuing to watch the corner. Umbridge had 
just gotten to her feet. Ha, he said softly, as she 



  464Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




strode between two lines of desks toward Snape, who 
was bending over Dean Thomass cauldron. 

Well, the class seems fairly advanced for their level, 
she said briskly to Snape s back. Though I would 
question whether it is advisable to teach them a 
potion like the Strengthening Solution. I think the 
Ministry would prefer it if that was removed from the 
syllabus. 

Snape straightened up slowly and turned to look at 
her. 

Now ... how long have you been teaching at 
Hogwarts? she asked, her quill poised over her 
clipboard. 

Fourteen years, Snape replied. His expression was 
unfathomable. His eyes on Snape, Harry added a few 
drops to his potion; it hissed menacingly and turned 
from turquoise to orange. 

You applied first for the Defense Against the Dark 
Arts post, I believe? Professor Umbridge asked 
Snape. 

Yes, said Snape quietly. 

But you were unsuccessful? 

Snape s lip curled. 

Obviously. 

Professor Umbridge scribbled on her clipboard. 

And you have applied regularly for the Defense 
Against the Dark Arts post since you first joined the 
school, I believe? 

  465Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, said Snape quietly, barely moving his lips. He 
looked very angry. 

Do you have any idea why Dumbledore has 
consistently refused to appoint you? asked 
Umbridge. 

I suggest you ask him, said Snape jerkily. 

Oh I shall, said Professor Umbridge with a sweet 
smile. 

I suppose this is relevant? Snape asked, his black 
eyes narrowed. 

Oh yes, said Professor Umbridge. Yes, the Ministry 
wants a thorough understanding of teachers  er  
backgrounds... 

She turned away, walked over to Pansy Parkinson 
and began questioning her about the lessons. Snape 
looked around at Harry and their eyes met for a 
second. Harry hastily dropped his gaze to his potion, 
which was now congealing foully and giving off a 
strong smell of burned rubber. 

No marks again, then, Potter, said Snape 
maliciously, emptying Harrys cauldron with a wave of 
his wand. You will write me an essay on the correct 
composition of this potion, indicating how and why 
you went wrong, to be handed in next lesson, do you 
understand? 

Yes, said Harry furiously. Snape had already given 
them homework, and he had Quidditch practice this 
evening; this would mean another couple of sleepless 
nights. It did not seem possible that he had awoken 
that morning feeling very happy. All he felt now was a 
fervent desire for this day to end as soon as possible. 
  466Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Maybe Ill skive off Divination, he said glumly as 
they stood again in the courtyard after lunch, the 
wind whipping at the hems of robes and brims of 
hats. Ill pretend to be ill and do Snapes essay 
instead, then I wont have to stay up half the night... 

You cant skive off Divination, said Hermione 
severely. 

Hark whos talking, you walked out of Divination, 
you hate Trelawney! said Ron indignantly. 

I dont hate her, said Hermione loftily. I just think 
shes an absolutely appalling teacher and a real old 
fraud... But Harrys already missed History of Magic 
and I dont think he ought to miss anything else 
today! 

There was too much truth in this to ignore, so half an 
hour later Harry took his seat in the hot, over 
perfumed atmosphere of the Divination classroom 
feeling angry at everybody. Professor Trelawney was 
handing out copies of The Dream Oracle yet again; he 
would surely be much better employed doing Snapes 
punishment essay than sitting here trying to find 
meaning in a lot of madeup dreams. 

It seemed, however, that he was not the only person 
in Divination who was in a temper. Professor 
Trelawney slammed a copy of the Oracle down on the 
table between Harry and Ron and swept away, her 
lips pursed; she threw the next copy of the Oracle at 
Seamus and Dean, narrowly avoiding Seamuss head, 
and thrust the final one into Nevilles chest with such 
force that he slipped off his pouf. 

Well, carry on! said Professor Trelawney loudly, her 
voice high pitched and somewhat hysterical. You 



  467Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




know what to do! Or am I such a substandard teacher 
that you have never learned how to open a book? 

The class stared perplexedly at her and then at each 
other. Harry, however, thought he knew what was the 
matter. As Professor Trelawney flounced back to the 
highbacked teachers chair, her magnified eyes full of 
angry tears, he leaned his head closer to Rons and 
muttered, I think shes got the results of her 
inspection back. 

Professor? said Parvati Patil in a hushed voice (she 
and Lavender had always rather admired Professor 
Trelawney). Professor, is there anything  er  
wrong? 

Wrong! cried Professor Trelawney in a voice 
throbbing with emotion. Certainly not! I have been 
insulted, certainly... Insinuations have been made 
against me... Unfounded accusations levelled ... but 
no, there is nothing wrong, certainly not... 

She took a great shuddering breath and looked away 
from Parvati, angry tears spilling from under her 
glasses. 

I say nothing, she choked, of sixteen years devoted 
service... It has passed, apparently, unnoticed... But I 
shall not be insulted, no, I shall not! 

But Professor, whos insulting you? asked Parvati 
timidly. 

The establishment! said Professor Trelawney in a 
deep, dramatic, wavering voice. Yes, those with eyes 
too clouded by the Mundane to See as I See, to Know 
as I Know ... Of course, we Seers have always been 
feared, always persecuted... It is  alas  our fate... 



  468Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She gulped, dabbed at her wet cheeks with the end of 
her shawl, and then pulled a small, embroidered 
handkerchief from her sleeve, into which she blew her 
nose very hard with a sound like Peeves blowing a 
raspberry. Ron sniggered. Lavender shot him a 
disgusted look. 

Professor, said Parvati, do you mean ... is it 
something Professor Umbridge ... ? 

Do not speak to me about that woman! cried 
Professor Trelawney, leaping to her feet, her beads 
rattling and her spectacles flashing. Kindly continue 
with your work! 

And she spent the rest of the lesson striding among 
them, tears still leaking from behind her glasses, 
muttering what sounded like threats under her 
breath. 

"... may well choose to leave ... the indignity of it ... on 
probation ... we shall see ... how she dares ... 

You and Umbridge have got something in common, 
Harry told Hermione quietly when they met again in 
Defense Against the Dark Arts. She obviously 
reckons Trelawneys an old fraud too... Looks like 
shes put her on probation. 

Umbridge entered the room as he spoke, wearing her 
black velvet bow and an expression of great 
smugness. 

Good afternoon, class. 

Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge, they chanted 
drearily. 

Wands away, please ... 

  469Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But there was no answering flurry of movement this 
time; nobody had bothered to take out their wands. 

Please turn to  thirtyfour of Defensive Magical 
Theory and read the third chapter, entitled The Case 
for NonOffensive Responses to Magical Attack. There 
will be   

  no need to talk, Harry, Ron, and Hermione said 
together under their breaths. 

No Quidditch practice, said Angelina in hollow tones 
when Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the common 
room that night after dinner. 

But I kept my temper! said Harry, horrified. I didnt 
say anything to her, Angelina, I swear, I   

I know, I know, said Angelina miserably. She just 
said she needed a bit of time to consider. 

Consider what? said Ron angrily. Shes given the 
Slytherins permission, why not us? 

But Harry could imagine how much Umbridge was 
enjoying holding the threat of no Gryffindor Quidditch 
team over their heads and could easily understand 
why she would not want to relinquish that weapon 
over them too soon. 

Well, said Hermione, look on the bright side  at 
least now youll have time to do Snapes essay! 

Thats a bright side, is it? snapped Harry, while Ron 
stared incredulously at Hermione. No Quidditch 
practice and extra Potions? 

Harry slumped down into a chair, dragged his Potions 
essay reluctantly from his bag, and set to work. 

  470Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It was very hard to concentrate; even though he knew 
that Sirius was not due in the fire until much later he 
could not help glancing into the flames every few 
minutes just in case. There was also an incredible 
amount of noise in the room: Fred and George 
appeared finally to have perfected one type of Skiving 
Snackbox, which they were taking turns to 
demonstrate to a cheering and whooping crowd. 

First, Fred would take a bite out of the orange end of 
a chew, at which he would vomit spectacularly into a 
bucket they had placed in front of them. Then he 
would force down the purple end of the chew, at 
which the vomiting would immediately cease. Lee 
Jordan, who was assisting the demonstration, was 
lazily vanishing the vomit at regular intervals with the 
same Vanishing Spell Snape kept using on Harrys 
potions. 

What with the regular sounds of retching, cheering, 
and Fred and George taking advance orders from the 
crowd, Harry was finding it exceptionally difficult to 
focus on the correct method for Strengthening 
Solutions. Hermione was not helping matters; the 
cheers and sound of vomit hitting the bottom of Fred 
and Georges bucket were punctuated by loud and 
disapproving sniffs that Harry found, if anything, 
more distracting. 

Just go and stop them, then! he said irritably, after 
crossing out the wrong weight of powdered griffin 
claw for the fourth time. 

I cant, theyre not technically doing anything wrong, 
said Hermione through gritted teeth. Theyre quite 
within their rights to eat the foul things themselves, 
and I cant find a rule that says the other idiots arent 
entitled to buy them, not unless theyre proven to be 



  471Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




dangerous in some way, and it doesnt look as though 
they are... 

She, Harry, and Ron watched George projectilevomit 
into the bucket, gulp down the rest of the chew, and 
straighten up, beaming with his arms wide to 
protracted applause. 

You know, I dont get why Fred and George only got 
three O.W.L.s each, said Harry, watching as Fred, 
George, and Lee collected gold from the eager crowd. 
They really know their stuff... 

Oh, they only know flashy stuff thats no real use to 
anyone, said Hermione disparagingly. 

No real use? said Ron in a strained voice. 

Hermione, theyve got about twentysix Galleons 
already... 

It was a long while before the crowd around the 
Weasleys dispersed, and then Fred, Lee, and George 
sat up counting their takings even longer, so that it 
was well past midnight when Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione finally had the common room to themselves 
again. At long last, Fred closed the doorway to the 
boys dormitories behind him, rattling his box of 
Galleons ostentatiously so that Hermione scowled. 
Harry, who was making very little progress with his 
Potions essay, decided to give it up for the night. As 
he put his books away, Ron, who was dozing lightly in 
an armchair, gave a muffled grunt, awoke, looked 
blearily into the fire and said, Sirius! 

Harry whipped around; Siriuss untidy dark head was 
sitting in the fire again. 

Hi, he said, grinning. 



  472Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hi, chorused Harry, Ron, and Hermione, all three 
kneeling down upon the hearthrug. Crookshanks 
purred loudly and approached the fire, trying, despite 
the heat, to put his face close to Siriuss. 

Howre things? said Sirius. 

Not that good, said Harry, as Hermione pulled 
Crookshanks back to stop him singeing his whiskers. 
The Ministrys forced through another decree, which 
means were not allowed to have Quidditch teams   

  or secret Defense Against the Dark Arts groups? 
said Sirius. 

There was a short pause. 

How did you know about that? Harry demanded. 

You want to choose your meeting places more 
carefully, said Sirius, grinning still more broadly. 
The Hogs Head, I ask you ... 

Well, it was better than the Three Broomsticks! said 
Hermione defensively. Thats always packed with 
people   

  which means youd have been harder to overhear, 
said Sirius. Youve got a lot to learn, Hermione. 

Who overheard us? Harry demanded. 

Mundungus, of course, said Sirius, and when they 
all looked puzzled he laughed. He was the witch 
under the veil. 

That was Mundungus? Harry said, stunned. What 
was he doing in the Hogs Head? 



  473Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What do you think he was doing? said Sirius 
impatiently. Keeping an eye on you, of course. 

Im still being followed? asked Harry angrily. 

Yeah, you are, said Sirius, and just as well, isnt it, 
if the first thing youre going to do on your weekend 
off is organize an illegal defense group. 

But he looked neither angry nor worried; on the 
contrary, he was looking at Harry with distinct pride. 

Why was Dung hiding from us? asked Ron, 
sounding disappointed. Wedve liked tove seen him. 

He was banned from the Hogs Head twenty years 
ago, said Sirius, and that barmans got a long 
memory. We lost Moodys spare Invisibility Cloak 
when Sturgis was arrested, so Dungs been dressing 
as a witch a lot lately... Anyway ... First of all, Ron  
Ive sworn to pass on a message from your mother. 

Oh yeah? said Ron, sounding apprehensive. 

She says on no account whatsoever are you to take 
part in an illegal secret Defense Against the Dark Arts 
group. She says youll be expelled for sure and your 
future will be ruined. She says there will be plenty of 
time to learn how to defend yourself later and that 
you are too young to be worrying about that right 
now. She also  Siriuss eyes turned to the other two 
 advises Harry and Hermione not to proceed with 
the group, though she accepts that she has no 
authority over either of them and simply begs them to 
remember that she has their best interests at heart. 
She would have written all this to you, but if the owl 
had been intercepted youd all have been in real 
trouble, and she cant say it for herself because shes 
on duty tonight. 

  474Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




On duty doing what? said Ron quickly. 

Never you mind, just stuff for the Order, said Sirius. 
So its fallen to me to be the messenger and make 
sure you tell her I passed it all on, because I dont 
think she trusts me to. 

There was another pause in which Crookshanks, 
mewing, attempted to paw Siriuss head, and Ron 
fiddled with a hole in the hearthrug. 

So you want me to say Im not going to take part in 
the defense group? he muttered finally. 

Me? Certainly not! said Sirius, looking surprised. I 
think its an excellent idea! 

You do? said Harry, his heart lifting. 

Of course I do! said Sirius. Dyou think your father 
and I wouldve lain down and taken orders from an 
old hag like Umbridge? 

But  last term all you did was tell me to be careful 
and not take risks   

Last year all the evidence was that someone inside 
Hogwarts was trying to kill you, Harry! said Sirius 
impatiently. This year we know that theres someone 
outside Hogwarts whod like to kill us all, so I think 
learning to defend yourselves properly is a very good 
idea! 

And if we do get expelled? Hermione asked, a 
quizzical look on her face. 

Hermione, this whole thing was your idea! said 
Harry, staring at her. 



  475Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I know it was... I just wondered what Sirius 
thought, she said, shrugging. 

Well, better expelled and able to defend yourselves 
than sitting safely in school without a clue, said 
Sirius. 

Hear, hear, said Harry and Ron enthusiastically. 

So, said Sirius, how are you organizing this group? 
Where are you meeting? 

Well, thats a bit of a problem now, said Harry. 
Dunno where were going to be able to go... 

How about the Shrieking Shack? suggested Sirius. 

Hey, thats an idea! said Ron excitedly, but 
Hermione made a skeptical noise and all three of 
them looked at her, Siriuss head turning in the 
flames. 

Well, Sirius, its just that there were only four of you 
meeting in the Shrieking Shack when you were at 
school, said Hermione, and all of you could 
transform into animals and I suppose you could all 
have squeezed under a single Invisibility Cloak if 
youd wanted to. But there are twentyeight of us and 
none of us is an Animagus, so we wouldnt need so 
much an Invisibility Cloak as an Invisibility Marquee 



Fair point, said Sirius, looking slightly crestfallen. 
Well, Im sure youll come up with somewhere... 
There used to be a pretty roomy secret passageway 
behind that big mirror on the fourth floor, you might 
have enough space to practice jinxes in there   



  476Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fred and George told me its blocked, said Harry, 
shaking his head. Caved in or something. 

Oh ... said Sirius, frowning. Well, 111 have a think 
and get back to   

He broke off. His face was suddenly tense, alarmed. 
He turned sideways, apparently looking into the solid 
brick wall of the fireplace. 

Sirius? said Harry anxiously. 

But he had vanished. Harry gaped at the flames for a 
moment, then turned to look at Ron and Hermione. 

Why did he  ? 

Hermione gave a horrified gasp and leapt to her feet, 
still staring at the fire. 

A hand had appeared amongst the flames, groping as 
though to catch hold of something; a stubby, short 
fingered hand covered in ugly oldfashioned rings... 

The three of them ran for it; at the door of the boys 
dormitory Harry looked back. Umbridges hand was 
still making snatching movements amongst the 
flames, as though she knew exactly where Siriuss 
hair had been moments before and was determined to 
seize it. 



  477Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






DUMBLEDORES ARMY 

Umbridge has been reading your mail, Harry. Theres 
no other explanation. 

You think Umbridge attacked Hedwig? he said, 
outraged. 

Im almost certain of it, said Hermione grimly. 

Watch your frog, its escaping. 

Harry pointed his wand at the bullfrog that had been 
hopping hopefully toward the other side of the table 
 Acciol   and it zoomed gloomily back into his 
hand. 

Charms was always one of the best lessons in which 
to enjoy a private chat: There was generally so much 
movement and activity that the danger of being 
overheard was very slight. Today, with the room full of 
croaking bullfrogs and cawing ravens, and with a 
heavy downpour of rain clattering and pounding 
against the classroom windows, Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione s whispered discussion about how 
  478Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Umbridge had nearly caught Sirius went quite 
unnoticed. 

Ive been suspecting this ever since Filch accused 
you of ordering Dungbombs, because it seemed such 
a stupid lie, Hermione whispered. I mean, once your 
letter had been read, it would have been quite clear 
you werent ordering them, so you wouldnt have been 
in trouble at all  its a bit of a feeble joke, isnt it? 
But then I thought, what if somebody just wanted an 
excuse to read your mail? Well then, it would be a 
perfect way for Umbridge to manage it  tip off Filch, 
let him do the dirty work and confiscate the letter, 
then either find a way of stealing it from him or else 
demand to see it  I dont think Filch would object, 
whens he ever stuck up for a students rights? Harry, 
youre squashing your frog. 

Harry looked down; he was indeed squeezing his 
bullfrog so tightly its eyes were popping; he replaced 
it hastily upon the desk. 

It was a very, very close call last night, said 
Hermione. I just wonder if Umbridge knows how 
close it was. Silenciol 

The bullfrog on which she was practicing her 
Silencing Charm was struck dumb midcroak and 
glared at her reproachfully. 

If shed caught Snuffles ... 

Harry finished the sentence for her. 

Hed probably be back in Azkaban this morning. He 
waved his wand without really concentrating; his 
bullfrog swelled like a green balloon and emitted a 
highpitched whistle. 



  479Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Silenciol said Hermione hastily, pointing her wand 
at Harrys frog, which deflated silently before them. 
Well, he mustnt do it again, thats all. I just dont 
know how were going to let him know. We cant send 
him an owl. 

I dont reckon hell risk it again, said Ron. Hes not 
stupid, he knows she nearly got him. Silenciol 

The large and ugly raven in front of him let out a 
derisive caw. 

 Silenciol SILENCIO 

The raven cawed more loudly. 

Its the way youre moving your wand, said 
Hermione, watching Ron critically. You dont want to 
wave it, its more a sharp jab. 

Ravens are harder than frogs, said Ron testily. 

Fine, lets swap, said Hermione, seizing Rons raven 
and replacing it with her own fat bullfrog. Silencio\ 
The raven continued to open and close its sharp beak, 
but no sound came out. 

Very good, Miss Granger! said Professor Flitwicks 
squeaky little voice and Harry, Ron, and Hermione all 
jumped. Now, let me see you try, Mr. Weasley! 

Wha  ? Oh  oh, right, said Ron, very flustered. 
Er  Silenciol 

He jabbed at the bullfrog so hard that he poked it in 
the eye; the frog gave a deafening croak and leapt off 
the desk. 



  480Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It came as no surprise to any of them that Harry and 
Ron were given additional practice of the Silencing 
Charm for homework. 

They were allowed to remain inside over break due to 
the downpour outside. They found seats in a noisy 
and overcrowded classroom on the first floor in which 
Peeves was floating dreamily up near the chandelier, 
occasionally blowing an ink pellet at the top of 
somebodys head. They had barely sat down when 
Angelina came struggling toward them through the 
groups of gossiping students. 

Ive got permission! she said. To reform the 
Quidditch team! 

Excellent. said Ron and Harry together. 

Yeah, said Angelina, beaming. I went to 
McGonagall and I think she might have appealed to 
Dumbledore  anyway, Umbridge had to give in. Ha! 
So I want you down at the pitch at seven oclock 
tonight, all right, because weve got to make up time, 
you realize were only three weeks away from our first 
match? 

She squeezed away from them, narrowly dodged an 
ink pellet from Peeves, which hit a nearby first year 
instead, and vanished from sight. 

Rons smile slipped slightly as he looked out of the 
window, which was now opaque with hammering 
rain. 

Hope this clears up ... Whats up with you, 
Hermione? 



  481Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She too was gazing at the window, but not as though 
she really saw it. Her eyes were unfocused and there 
was a frown on her face. 

Just thinking ... she said, still frowning at the rain 
washed window. 

About Siri . . . Snuffles? said Harry. 

No ... not exactly ... said Hermione slowly. More ... 
wondering ... I suppose were doing the right thing ... 

I think ... arent we? 

Harry and Ron looked at each other. 

Well, that clears that up, said Ron. It wouldve been 
really annoying if you hadnt explained yourself 
properly. 

Hermione looked at him as though she had only just 
realized he was there. 

I was just wondering, she said, her voice stronger 
now, whether were doing the right thing, starting 
this Defense Against the Dark Arts group. 

What! said Harry and Ron together. 

Hermione, it was your idea in the first place! said 
Ron indignantly. 

I know, said Hermione, twisting her fingers together. 
But after talking to Snuffles ... 

But hes all for it! said Harry. 

Yes, said Hermione, staring at the window again. 
Yes, thats what made me think maybe it wasnt a 
good idea after all... 

  482Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Peeves floated over them on his stomach, peashooter 
at the ready; automatically all three of them lifted 
their bags to cover their heads until he had passed. 

Lets get this straight, said Harry angrily, as they 
put their bags back on the floor, Sirius agrees with 
us, so you dont think we should do it anymore? 

Hermione looked tense and rather miserable. Now 
staring at her own hands she said, Do you honestly 
trust his judgment? 

Yes, I do! said Harry at once. Hes always given us 
great advice! 

An ink pellet whizzed past them, striking Katie Bell 
squarely in the ear. Hermione watched Katie leap to 
her feet and start throwing things at Peeves; it was a 
few moments before Hermione spoke again and it 
sounded as though she was choosing her words very 
carefully. 

You dont think he has become ... sort of ... reckless 
... since hes been cooped up in Grimmauld Place? 

You dont think hes ... kind of ... living through us? 

What dyou mean, living through us? Harry 
retorted. 

I mean ... well, I think hed love to be forming secret 
defense societies right under the nose of someone 
from the Ministry... I think hes really frustrated at 
how little he can do where he is ... so I think hes 
keen to kind of ... egg us on. 

Ron looked utterly perplexed. 

Sirius is right, he said, you do sound just like my 
mother. 

  483Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hermione bit her lip and did not answer. The bell 
rang just as Peeves swooped down upon Katie and 
emptied an entire ink bottle over her head. 

The weather did not improve as the day wore on, so 
that at seven oclock that evening, when Harry and 
Ron went down to the Quidditch pitch for practice, 
they were soaked through within minutes, their feet 
slipping and sliding on the sodden grass. The sky was 
a deep, thundery gray and it was a relief to gain the 
warmth and light of the changing rooms, even if they 
knew the respite was only temporary. They found 
Fred and George debating whether to use one of their 
own Skiving Snackboxes to get out of flying. 

  but I bet shed know what wed done, Fred said 
out of the corner of his mouth. If only I hadnt offered 
to sell her some Puking Pastilles yesterday   

We could try the Fever Fudge, George muttered, no 
ones seen that yet   

Does it work? inquired Ron hopefully, as the 
hammering of rain on the roof intensified and wind 
howled around the building. 

Well, yeah, said Fred, your temperaturell go right 
up   



  but you get these massive pusfilled boils too, 
said George, and we havent worked out how to get 
rid of them yet. 

I cant see any boils, said Ron, staring at the twins. 

No, well, you wouldnt, said Fred darkly, theyre not 
in a place we generally display to the public   



  484Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




  but they make sitting on a broom a right pain in 
the   



All right, everyone, listen up, said Angelina loudly, 
emerging from the Captains office. I know its not 
ideal weather, but theres a good chance well be 
playing Slytherin in conditions like this so its a good 
idea to work out how were going to cope with them. 
Harry, didnt you do something to your glasses to stop 
the rain fogging them up when we played Hufflepuff 
in that storm? 

Hermione did it, said Harry. He pulled out his wand, 
tapped his glasses and said, Imperviusl 

I think we all ought to try that, said Angelina. If we 
could just keep the rain off our faces it would really 
help visibility  all together, come on  Imperviusl 
Okay. Lets go. 

They all stowed their wands back in the inside 
pockets of their robes, shouldered their brooms, and 
followed Angelina out of the changing rooms. 

They squelched through the deepening mud to the 
middle of the pitch; visibility was still very poor even 
with the Impervius Charm; light was fading fast and 
curtains of rain were sweeping the grounds. 

All right, on my whistle, shouted Angelina. 

Harry kicked off from the ground, spraying mud in all 
directions, and shot upward, the wind pulling him 
slightly off course. He had no idea how he was going 
to see the Snitch in this weather; he was having 
enough difficulty seeing the one Bludger with which 
they were practicing; a minute into the practice it 
almost unseated him and he had to use the Sloth 
Grip Roll to avoid it. Unfortunately Angelina did not 
  485Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




see this; in fact, she did not appear to be able to see 
anything; none of them had a clue what the others 
were doing. The wind was picking up; even at a 
distance Harry could hear the swishing, pounding 
sounds of the rain pummeling the surface of the lake. 

Angelina kept them at it for nearly an hour before 
conceding defeat. She led her sodden and disgruntled 
team back into the changing rooms, insisting that the 
practice had not been a waste of time, though without 
any real conviction in her voice. Fred and George were 
looking particularly annoyed; both were bandylegged 
and winced with every movement. Harry could hear 
them complaining in low voices as he toweled his hair 
dry. 

I think a few of mine have ruptured, said Fred in a 
hollow voice. 

Mine havent, said George, wincing. Theyre 
throbbing like mad ... feel bigger if anything ... 

OUCH! said Harry. 

He pressed the towel to his face, his eyes screwed 
tight with pain. The scar on his forehead had seared 
again, more painfully than in months. 

Whats up? said several voices. 

Harry emerged from behind his towel; the changing 
room was blurred because he was not wearing his 
glasses; but he could still tell that everyones face was 
turned toward him. 

Nothing, he muttered, I  poked myself in the eye, 
thats all... 



  486Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But he gave Ron a significant look and the two of 
them hung back as the rest of the team filed back 
outside, muffled in their cloaks, their hats pulled low 
over their ears. 

What happened? said Ron, the moment that Alicia 
had disappeared through the door. Was it your 
scar? 

Harry nodded. 

But ... Looking scared, Ron strode across to the 
window and stared out into the rain, He  he cant 
be near us now, can he? 

No, Harry muttered, sinking onto a bench and 
rubbing his forehead. Hes probably miles away. It 
hurt because ... hes ... angry. 

Harry had not meant to say that at all, and heard the 
words as though a stranger had spoken them  yet 
he knew at once that they were true. He did not know 
how he knew it, but he did; Voldemort, wherever he 
was, whatever he was doing, was in a towering 
temper. 

Did you see him? said Ron, looking horrified. Did 
you . . . get a vision, or something? 

Harry sat quite still, staring at his feet, allowing his 
mind and his memory to relax in the aftermath of the 
pain... 

A confused tangle of shapes, a howling rush of voices 



He wants something done, and its not happening 
fast enough, he said. 



  487Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Again, he felt surprised to hear the words coming out 
of his mouth, and yet quite certain that they were 
true. 

But ... how do you know? said Ron. 

Harry shook his head and covered his eyes with his 
hands, pressing down upon them with his palms. 
Little stars erupted in them. He felt Ron sit down on 
the bench beside him and knew Ron was staring at 
him. 

Is this what it was about last time? said Ron in a 
hushed voice. When your scar hurt in Umbridges 
office? YouKnowWho was angry? 

Harry shook his head. 

What is it, then? 

Harry was thinking himself back. He had been 
looking into Umbridges face... His scar had hurt ... 
and he had had that odd feeling in his stomach ... a 
strange, leaping feeling ... a happy feeling... But, of 
course, he had not recognized it for what it was, as he 
had been feeling so miserable himself. . . 

Last time, it was because he was pleased, he said. 
Really pleased. 

He thought ... something good was going to happen. 
And the night before we came back to Hogwarts ... 

He thought back to the moment when his scar had 
hurt so badly in his and Rons bedroom in 
Grimmauld Place. He was furious... 

He looked around at Ron, who was gaping at him. 



  488Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You could take over from Trelawney, mate, he said 
in an awed voice. 

Im not making prophecies, said Harry. 

No, you know what youre doing? Ron said, 
sounding both scared and impressed. Harry, youre 
reading YouKnowWhos mind... 

No, said Harry, shaking his head. Its more like ... 
his mood, I suppose. Im just getting flashes of what 
mood hes in... Dumbledore said something like this 
was happening last year. . . He said that when 
Voldemort was near me, or when he was feeling 
hatred, I could tell. Well, now Im feeling it when hes 
pleased too... 

There was a pause. The wind and rain lashed at the 
building. 

Youve got to tell someone, said Ron. 

I told Sirius last time. 

Well, tell him about this time! 

Cant, can I? said Harry grimly. Umbridge is 
watching the owls and the fires, remember? 

Well then, Dumbledore   

Ive just told you, he already knows, said Harry 
shortly, getting to his feet, taking his cloak off his peg, 
and swinging it around himself. Theres no point 
telling him again. 

Ron did up the fastening of his own cloak, watching 
Harry thoughtfully. 



  489Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dumbledored want to know, he said. 



Harry shrugged. 

Cmon ... weve still got Silencing Charms to practice 



They hurried back through the dark grounds, sliding 
and stumbling up the muddy lawns, not talking. 

Harry was thinking hard. What was it that Voldemort 
wanted done that was not happening quickly enough? 

Hes got other plans ... plans he can put into operation 
very quietly indeed . . . stuff he can only get by stealth 
... like a weapon. Something he didnt have last time. 

He had not thought about those words in weeks; he 
had been too absorbed in what was going on at 
Hogwarts, too busy dwelling on the ongoing battles 
with Umbridge, the injustice of all the Ministry 
interference... But now they came back to him and 
made him wonder... Voldemorts anger would make 
sense if he was no nearer laying hands on the 
weapon, whatever it was... Had the Order thwarted 
him, stopped him from seizing it? Where was it kept? 
Who had it now? 

Mimbulus mimbletonia, said Rons voice and Harry 
came back to his senses just in time to clamber 
through the portrait hole into the common room. 

It appeared that Hermione had gone to bed early, 
leaving Crookshanks curled in a nearby chair and an 
assortment of knobbly, knitted elf hats lying on a 
table by the fire. Harry was rather grateful that she 
was not around because he did not much want to 
discuss his scar hurting and have her urge him to go 
to Dumbledore too. Ron kept throwing him anxious 
glances, but Harry pulled out his Potions book and 
  490Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




set to work to finish his essay, though he was only 
pretending to concentrate and, by the time that Ron 
said he was going to bed too, had written hardly 
anything. 

Midnight came and went while Harry was reading and 
rereading a passage about the uses of scurvygrass, 
lovage, and sneezewort and not taking in a word of 
it... 

These plantes are moste efficacious in the inflaming 
of the braine, and are therefore much used in 
Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, where the 
wizard is desirous of producing hotheadedness and 
recklessness... 

... Hermione said Sirius was becoming reckless 
cooped up in Grimmauld Place... 

. . . moste efficacious in the inflaming of the braine, and 
are therefore much used . . . 

. . . the Daily Prophet would think his brain was 
inflamed if they found out that he knew what 
Voldemort was feeling ... 

. . . therefore much used in Confusing and 
Befuddlement Draughts . . . 

. . . confusing was the word, all right; why did he know 
what Voldemort was feeling? What was this weird 
connection between them, which Dumbledore had 
never been able to explain satisfactorily? 

. . . where the wizard is desirous . . . 

. . . how he would like to sleep . . . 

...of producing hotheadedness . . . 

  491Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




... It was warm and comfortable in his armchair 
before the fire, with the rain still beating heavily on 
the windowpanes and Crookshanks purring and the 
crackling of the flames... 

The book slipped from Harrys slack grip and landed 
with a dull thud on the hearthrug. His head fell 
sideways... 

He was walking once more along a windowless 
corridor, his footsteps echoing in the silence. As the 
door at the end of the passage loomed larger his heart 
beat fast with excitement... If he could only open it ... 
enter beyond . . . 

He stretched out his hand... His fingertips were 
inches from it... 

Harry Potter, sir! 

He awoke with a start. The candles had all been 
extinguished in the common room, but there was 
something moving close by. 

Whozair? said Harry, sitting upright in his chair. 

The fire was almost extinguished, the room very dark. 

Dobby has your owl, sir! said a squeaky voice. 

Dobby? said Harry thickly, peering through the 
gloom toward the source of the voice. 

Dobby the houseelf was standing beside the table on 
which Hermione had left her half a dozen knitted 
hats. His large, pointed ears were now sticking out 
from beneath what looked like all the hats that 
Hermione had ever knitted; he was wearing one on 
top of the other, so that his head seemed elongated by 



  492Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




two or three feet, and on the very topmost bobble sat 
Hedwig, hooting serenely and obviously cured. 



Dobby volunteered to return Harry Potters owl! said 
the elf squeakily, with a look of positive adoration on 
his face. Professor GrubblyPlank says she is all well 
now, sir! 

He sank into a deep bow so that his pencillike nose 
brushed the threadbare surface of the hearthrug and 
Hedwig gave an indignant hoot and fluttered onto the 
arm of Harrys chair. 

Thanks, Dobby! said Harry, stroking Hedwigs head 
and blinking hard, trying to rid himself of the image 
of the door in his dream... It had been very vivid... 
Looking back at Dobby, he noticed that the elf was 
also wearing several scarves and innumerable socks, 
so that his feet looked far too big for his body. 

Er . . . have you been taking all the clothes 
Hermiones been leaving out? 

Oh no, sir, said Dobby happily, Dobby has been 
taking some for Winky too, sir. 

Yeah, how is Winky? asked Harry. 

Dobbys ears drooped slightly. 

Winky is still drinking lots, sir, he said sadly, his 
enormous round green eyes, large as tennis balls, 
downcast. She still does not care for clothes, Harry 
Potter. Nor do the other houseelves. None of them 
will clean Gryffindor Tower anymore, not with the 
hats and socks hidden everywhere, they finds them 
insulting, sir. Dobby does it all himself, sir, but 
Dobby does not mind, sir, for he always hopes to meet 
Harry Potter and tonight, sir, he has got his wish! 
  493Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dobby sank into a deep bow again. But Harry Potter 
does not seem happy, Dobby went on, straightening 
up again and looking timidly at Harry. Dobby heard 
him muttering in his sleep. Was Harry Potter having 
bad dreams? 

Not really bad, said Harry, yawning and rubbing his 
eyes. Ive had worse. 

The elf surveyed Harry out of his vast, orblike eyes. 
Then he said very seriously, his ears drooping, 

Dobby wishes he could help Harry Potter, for Harry 
Potter set Dobby free and Dobby is much, much 
happier now... 

Harry smiled. 

You cant help me, Dobby, but thanks for the offer... 

He bent and picked up his Potions book. Hed have to 
try and finish the essay tomorrow. He closed the book 
and as he did so the firelight illuminated the thin 
white scars on the back of his hand  the result of 
his detention with Umbridge. 

Wait a moment  there is something you can do for 
me, Dobby, said Harry slowly. 

The elf looked around, beaming. 

Name it, Harry Potter, sir! 

I need to find a place where twentyeight people can 
practice Defense Against the Dark Arts without being 
discovered by any of the teachers. Especially, Harry 
clenched his hand on the book, so that the scars 
shone pearly white, Professor Umbridge. 



  494Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He expected the elfs smile to vanish, his ears to 
droop; he expected him to say that this was 
impossible, or else that he would try, but his hopes 
were not high... What he had not expected was for 
Dobby to give a little skip, his ears waggling happily, 
and clap his hands together. 

Dobby knows the perfect place, sir! he said happily. 
Dobby heard tell of it from the other houseelves 
when he came to Hogwarts, sir. It is known by us as 
the Come and Go Room, sir, or else as the Room of 
Requirement! 

Why? said Harry curiously. 

Because it is a room that a person can only enter, 
said Dobby seriously, when they have real need of it. 
Sometimes it is there, and sometimes it is not, but 
when it appears, it is always equipped for the seekers 
needs. Dobby has used it, sir, said the elf, dropping 
his voice and looking guilty, when Winky has been 
very drunk. He has hidden her in the Room of 
Requirement and he has found antidotes to 
butterbeer there, and a nice elfsized bed to settle her 
on while she sleeps it off, sir... And Dobby knows Mr. 
Filch has found extra cleaning materials there when 
he has run short, sir, and   

  and if you really needed a bathroom, said Harry, 
suddenly remembering something Dumbledore had 
said at the Yule Ball the previous Christmas, would 
it fill itself with chamber pots? 

Dobby expects so, sir, said Dobby, nodding 
earnestly. It is a most amazing room, sir. 

How many people know about it? said Harry, sitting 
up straighter in his chair. 



  495Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Very few, sir. Mostly people stumbles across it when 
they needs it, sir, but often they never finds it again, 
for they do not know that it is always there waiting to 
be called into service, sir. 

It sounds brilliant, said Harry, his heart racing. It 
sounds perfect, Dobby. When can you show me where 
it is? 



Anytime, Harry Potter, sir, said Dobby, looking 
delighted at Harrys enthusiasm. We could go now, if 
you like! 

For a moment Harry was tempted to go now; he was 
halfway out of his seat, intending to hurry upstairs 
for his Invisibility Cloak when, not for the first time, a 
voice very much like Hermiones whispered in his ear: 
reckless. It was, after all, very late, he was exhausted 
and had Snapes essay to finish. 

Not tonight, Dobby, said Harry reluctantly, sinking 
back into his chair. This is really important... I dont 
want to blow it, itll need proper planning... Listen, 
can you just tell me exactly where this Room of 
Requirement is and how to get in there? 

Their robes billowed and swirled around them as they 
splashed across the flooded vegetable patch to double 
Herbology, where they could hardly hear what 
Professor Sprout was saying over the hammering of 
raindrops hard as hailstones on the greenhouse roof. 
The afternoons Care of Magical Creatures lesson was 
to be relocated from the stormswept grounds to a 
free classroom on the ground floor and, to their 
intense relief, Angelina sought out her team at lunch 
to tell them that Quidditch practice was canceled. 

Good, said Harry quietly, when she told him, 
because weve found somewhere to have our first 

  496Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Defense meeting. Tonight, eight oclock, seventh floor 
opposite that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy being 
clubbed by those trolls. Can you tell Katie and 
Alicia? 

She looked slightly taken aback but promised to tell 
the others; Harry returned hungrily to his sausages 
and mash. When he looked up to take a drink of 
pumpkin juice, he found Hermione watching him. 

What? he said thickly. 

Well ... its just that Dobbys plans arent always that 
safe. Dont you remember when he lost you all the 
bones in your arm? 

This room isnt just some mad idea of Dobbys; 
Dumbledore knows about it too, he mentioned it to 
me at the Yule Ball. 

Hermiones expression cleared. 

Dumbledore told you about it? 

Just in passing, said Harry, shrugging. 

Oh well, thats all right then, said Hermione briskly 
and she raised no more objections. 

Together with Ron they had spent most of the day 
seeking out those people who had signed their names 
to the list in the Hogs Head and telling them where to 
meet that evening. Somewhat to Harrys 
disappointment, it was Ginny who managed to find 
Cho Chang and her friend first; however, by the end 
of dinner he was confident that the news had been 
passed to every one of the twentyfive people who had 
turned up in the Hogs Head. 



  497Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




At halfpast seven Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the 
Gryffindor common room, Harry clutching a certain 
piece of aged parchment in his hand. Fifth years were 
allowed to be out in the corridors until nine oclock, 
but all three of them kept looking around nervously 
as they made their way up to the seventh floor. 

Hold it, said Harry warningly, unfolding the piece of 
parchment at the top of the last staircase, tapping it 
with his wand, and muttering, I solemnly swear that 
I am up to no good. 

A map of Hogwarts appeared upon the blank surface 
of the parchment. Tiny black moving dots, labeled 
with names, showed where various people were. 

Filch is on the second floor, said Harry, holding the 
map close to his eyes and scanning it closely, and 
Mrs. Norris is on the fourth. 

And Umbridge? said Hermione anxiously. 

In her office, said Harry, pointing. Okay, lets go. 

They hurried along the corridor to the place Dobby 
had described to Harry, a stretch of blank wall 
opposite an enormous tapestry depicting Barnabas 
the Barmys foolish attempt to train trolls for the 
ballet. 

Okay, said Harry quietly, while a motheaten troll 
paused in his relentless clubbing of the wouldbe 
ballet teacher to watch. Dobby said to walk past this 
bit of wall three times, concentrating hard on what we 
need. 

They did so, turning sharply at the window just 
beyond the blank stretch of wall, then at the mansize 
vase on its other side. Ron had screwed up his eyes in 

  498Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




concentration, Hermione was whispering something 
under her breath, Harrys fists were clenched as he 
stared ahead of him. 

We need somewhere to learn to fight... he thought. 

Just give us a place to practice ... somewhere they 
cant find us ... 

Harry, said Hermione sharply, as they wheeled 
around after their third walk past. 

A highly polished door had appeared in the wall. Ron 
was staring at it, looking slightly wary. Harry reached 
out, seized the brass handle, pulled open the door, 
and led the way into a spacious room lit with 
flickering torches like those that illuminated the 
dungeons eight floors below. 

The walls were lined with wooden bookcases, and 
instead of chairs there were large silk cushions on the 
floor. A set of shelves at the far end of the room 
carried a range of instruments such as Sneakoscopes, 
Secrecy Sensors, and a large, cracked FoeGlass that 
Harry was sure had hung, the previous year, in the 
fake Moodys office. 

These will be good when were practicing Stunning, 
said Ron enthusiastically, prodding one of the 
cushions with his foot. 

And just look at these books! said Hermione 
excitedly, running a finger along the spines of the 
large leatherbound tomes. A Compendium of 
Common Curses and Their CounterActions ... The 
Dark Arts Outsmarted ... SelfDefensive Spellwork ... 
wow ... She looked around at Harry, her face 
glowing, and he saw that the presence of hundreds of 
books had finally convinced Hermione that what they 



  499Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




were doing was right. Harry, this is wonderful, 
theres everything we need here! 

And without further ado she slid Jinxes for the Jinxed 
from its shelf, sank onto the nearest cushion, and 
began to read. 

There was a gentle knock on the door. Harry looked 
around; Ginny, Neville, Lavender, Parvati, and Dean 
had arrived. 

Whoa, said Dean, staring around, impressed. What 
is this place? 

Harry began to explain, but before he had finished 
more people had arrived, and he had to start all over 
again. By the time eight oclock arrived, every cushion 
was occupied. Harry moved across to the door and 
turned the key protruding from the lock; it clicked in 
a satisfyingly loud way and everybody fell silent, 
looking at him. Hermione carefully marked her  
of Jinxes for the Jinxed and set the book aside. 

Well, said Harry, slightly nervously. This is the 
place weve found for practices, and youve  er  
obviously found it okay   

Its fantastic! said Cho, and several people 
murmured their agreement. 

Its bizarre, said Fred, frowning around at it. We 
once hid from Filch in here, remember, George? But it 
was just a broom cupboard then... 

Hey, Harry, whats this stuff? asked Dean from the 
rear of the room, indicating the Sneakoscopes and the 
FoeGlass. 



  500Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dark Detectors, said Harry, stepping between the 
cushions to reach them. Basically they all show 
when Dark wizards or enemies are around, but you 
dont want to rely on them too much, they can be 
fooled... 

He gazed for a moment into the cracked FoeGlass; 
shadowy figures were moving around inside it, though 
none was recognizable. He turned his back on it. 

Well, Ive been thinking about the sort of stuff we 
ought to do first and  er   He noticed a raised 
hand. What, Hermione? 

I think we ought to elect a leader, said Hermione. 

Harrys leader, said Cho at once, looking at 
Hermione as though she were mad, and Harrys 
stomach did yet another back flip. 

Yes, but I think we ought to vote on it properly, said 
Hermione, unperturbed. It makes it formal and it 
gives him authority. So  everyone who thinks Harry 
ought to be our leader? 

Everybody put up their hands, even Zacharias Smith, 
though he did it very halfheartedly. 

Er  right, thanks, said Harry, who could feel his 
face burning. And  what, Hermione? 

I also think we ought to have a name, she said 
brightly, her hand still in the air. It would promote a 
feeling of team spirit and unity, dont you think? 

Can we be the AntiUmbridge League? said Angelina 
hopefully. 



  501Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Or the Ministry of Magic Are Morons Group? 
suggested Fred. 

I was thinking, said Hermione, frowning at Fred, 
more of a name that didnt tell everyone what we 
were up to, so we can refer to it safely outside 
meetings. 

The Defense Association? said Cho. The D.A. for 
short, so nobody knows what were talking about? 

Yeah, the D.A.s good, said Ginny. Only lets make 
it stand for Dumbledores Army because thats the 
Ministrys worst fear, isnt it? 

There was a good deal of appreciative murmuring and 
laughter at this. 

All in favor of the D.A.? said Hermione bossily, 
kneeling up on her cushion to count. Thats a 
majority  motion passed! 

She pinned the piece of paper with all of their names 
on it on the wall and wrote DUMBLEDORES ARMY 
across the top in large letters. 

Right, said Harry, when she had sat down again, 
shall we get practicing then? I was thinking, the first 
thing we should do is Expelliarmus, you know, the 
Disarming Charm. I know its pretty basic but Ive 
found it really useful   

Oh please, said Zacharias Smith, rolling his eyes 
and folding his arms. I dont think Expelliarmus is 
exactly going to help us against YouKnowWho, do 
you? 

Ive used it against him, said Harry quietly. It saved 
my life last June. 

  502Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Smith opened his mouth stupidly. The rest of the 
room was very quiet. 

But if you think its beneath you, you can leave, 
Harry said. 

Smith did not move. Nor did anybody else. 

Okay, said Harry, his mouth slightly drier than 
usual with all those eyes upon him, I reckon we 
should all divide into pairs and practice. 

It felt very odd to be issuing instructions, but not 
nearly as odd as seeing them followed. Everybody got 
to their feet at once and divided up. Predictably, 
Neville was left partnerless. 

You can practice with me, Harry told him. Right  
on the count of three, then  one, two, three   

The room was suddenly full of shouts of 
Expelliarmusl: Wands flew in all directions, missed 
spells hit books on shelves and sent them flying into 
the air. Harry was too quick for Neville, whose wand 
went spinning out of his hand, hit the ceiling in a 
shower of sparks, and landed with a clatter on top of 
a bookshelf, from which Harry retrieved it with a 
Summoning Charm. Glancing around he thought he 
had been right to suggest that they practice the 
basics first; there was a lot of shoddy spellwork going 
on; many people were not succeeding in disarming 
their opponents at all, but merely causing them to 
jump backward a few paces or wince as the feeble 
spell whooshed over them. 

Expelliarmusl said Neville, and Harry, caught 
unawares, felt his wand fly out of his hand. 



  503Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I DID IT! said Neville gleefully. Ive never done it 
before  I DID IT! 



Good one! said Harry encouragingly, deciding not to 
point out that in a real duel situation Nevilles 
opponent was unlikely to be staring in the opposite 
direction with his wand held loosely at his side. 
Listen, Neville, can you take it in turns to practice 
with Ron and Hermione for a couple of minutes so I 
can walk around and see how the rest are doing? 

Harry moved off into the middle of the room. 
Something very odd was happening to Zacharias 
Smith; every time he opened his mouth to disarm 
Anthony Goldstein, his own wand would fly out of his 
hand, yet Anthony did not seem to be making a 
sound. Harry did not have to look far for the solution 
of the mystery, however; Fred and George were 
several feet from Smith and taking it in turns to point 
their wands at his back. 

Sorry, Harry, said George hastily, when Harry 
caught his eye. Couldnt resist ... 

Harry walked around the other pairs, trying to correct 
those who were doing the spell wrong. Ginny was 
teamed with Michael Corner; she was doing very well, 
whereas Michael was either very bad or unwilling to 
jinx her. Ernie Macmillan was flourishing his wand 
unnecessarily, giving his partner time to get in under 
his guard; the Creevey brothers were enthusiastic but 
erratic and mainly responsible for all the books 
leaping off the shelves around them. Luna Lovegood 
was similarly patchy, occasionally sending Justin 
FinchFletchleys wand spinning out of his hand, at 
other times merely causing his hair to stand on end. 

Okay, stop! Harry shouted. Stop\ STOP. 

  504Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I need a whistle, he thought, and immediately spotted 
one lying on top of the nearest row of books. He 
caught it up and blew hard. Everyone lowered their 
wands. 

That wasnt bad, said Harry, but theres definite 
room for improvement. Zacharias Smith glared at 
him. Lets try again... 

He moved off around the room again, stopping here 
and there to make suggestions. Slowly the general 
performance improved. He avoided going near Cho 
and her friend for a while, but after walking twice 
around every other pair in the room felt he could not 
ignore them any longer. 

Oh no, said Cho rather wildly as he approached. 

 Expelliarmiousl I mean, Exnellimellius\ I  oh, sorry, 
Marietta! 

Her curlyhaired friends sleeve had caught fire; 
Marietta extinguished it with her own wand and 
glared at Harry as though it was his fault. 

You made me nervous, I was doing all right before 
then! Cho told Harry ruefully. 

That was quite good, Harry lied, but when she 
raised her eyebrows he said, Well, no, it was lousy, 
but I know you can do it properly, I was watching 
from over there... 

She laughed. Her friend Marietta looked at them 
rather sourly and turned away. 

Dont mind her, Cho muttered. She doesnt really 
want to be here but I made her come with me. Her 
parents have forbidden her to do anything that might 



  505Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




upset Umbridge, you see  her mum works for the 
Ministry. 

What about your parents? asked Harry. 

Well, theyve forbidden me to get on the wrong side of 
Umbridge too, said Cho, drawing herself up proudly. 
But if they think Im not going to fight YouKnow 
Who after what happened to Cedric   

She broke off, looking rather confused, and an 
awkward silence fell between them; Terry Boots wand 
went whizzing past Harrys ear and hit Alicia Spinnet 
hard on the nose. 

Well, my father is very supportive of any anti 
Ministry action! said Luna Lovegood proudly from 
just behind Harry; evidently she had been 
eavesdropping on his conversation while Justin 
FinchFletchley attempted to disentangle himself from 
the robes that had flown up over his head. Hes 
always saying hed believe anything of Fudge, I mean, 
the number of goblins Fudge has had assassinated! 
And of course he uses the Department of Mysteries to 
develop terrible poisons, which he feeds secretly to 
anybody who disagrees with him. And then theres his 
Umgubular Slashkilter   

Dont ask, Harry muttered to Cho as she opened her 
mouth, looking puzzled. She giggled. 

Hey, Harry, Hermione called from the other end of 
the room, have you checked the time? 

He looked down at his watch and received a shock  
it was already ten past nine, which meant they 
needed to get back to their common rooms 
immediately or risk being caught and punished by 
Filch for being outofbounds. He blew his whistle; 
  506Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




everybody stopped shouting,  Expelliarmusl and the 
last couple of wands clattered to the floor. 

Well, that was pretty good, said Harry, but weve 
overrun, wed better leave it here. Same time, same 
place next week? 

Sooner! said Dean Thomas eagerly and many people 
nodded in agreement. 

Angelina, however, said quickly, The Quidditch 
seasons about to start, we need team practices too! 

Lets say next Wednesday night, then, said Harry, 
and we can decide on additional meetings then... 
Come on, wed better get going... 

He pulled out the Marauders Map again and checked 
it carefully for signs of teachers on the seventh floor. 
He let them all leave in threes and fours, watching 
their tiny dots anxiously to see that they returned 
safely to their dormitories: the Hufflepuffs to the 
basement corridor that also led to the kitchens, the 
Ravenclaws to a tower on the west side of the castle, 
and the Gryffindors along the corridor to the seventh 
floor and the Fat Ladys portrait. 

That was really, really good, Harry, said Hermione, 
when finally it was just her, Harry, and Ron left. 

Yeah, it was! said Ron enthusiastically, as they 
slipped out of the door and watched it melt back into 
stone behind them. Did you see me disarm 
Hermione, Harry? 

Only once, said Hermione, stung. I got you loads 
more than you got me   



  507Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I did not only get you once, I got you at least three 
times   

Well, if youre counting the one where you tripped 
over your own feet and knocked the wand out of my 
hand   

They argued all the way back to the common room, 
but Harry was not listening to them. He had one eye 
on the Marauders Map, but he was also thinking of 
how Cho had said he made her nervous... 



  508Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE LION AND THE SERPENT 

Harry felt as though he were carrying some kind of 
talisman inside his chest over the following two 
weeks, a glowing secret that supported him through 
Umbridges classes and even made it possible for him 
to smile blandly as he looked into her horrible bulging 
eyes. He and the D.A. were resisting her under her 
very nose, doing the very thing that she and the 
Ministry most feared, and whenever he was supposed 
to be reading Wilbert Slinkhards book during her 
lessons he dwelled instead on satisfying memories of 
their most recent meetings, remembering how Neville 
had successfully disarmed Hermione, how Colin 
Creevey had mastered the Impediment Jinx after 
three meetings hard effort, how Parvati Patil had 
produced such a good Reductor Curse that she had 
reduced the table carrying all the Sneakoscopes to 
dust. 

He was finding it almost impossible to fix a regular 
night of the week for D.A. meetings, as they had to 
accommodate three separate Quidditch teams 
practices, which were often rearranged depending on 

  509Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



the weather conditions; but Harry was not sorry 
about this, he had a feeling that it was probably 
better to keep the timing of their meetings 
unpredictable. If anyone was watching them, it would 
be hard to make out a pattern. 

Hermione soon devised a very clever method of 
communicating the time and date of the next meeting 
to all the members in case they needed to change it at 
short notice, because it would look so suspicious if 
people from different Houses were seen crossing the 
Great Hall to talk to each other too often. She gave 
each of the members of the D.A. a fake Galleon (Ron 
became very excited when he saw the basket at first, 
convinced that she was actually giving out gold). 

You see the numerals around the edge of the coins? 
Hermione said, holding one up for examination at the 
end of their fourth meeting. The coin gleamed fat and 
yellow in the light from the torches. On real Galleons 
thats just a serial number referring to the goblin who 
cast the coin. On these fake coins, though, the 
numbers will change to reflect the time and date of 
the next meeting. The coins will grow hot when the 
date changes, so if youre carrying them in a pocket 
youll be able to feel them. We take one each, and 
when Harry sets the date of the next meeting hell 
change the numbers on his coin, and because Ive put 
a Protean Charm on them, theyll all change to mimic 
his. 

A blank silence greeted Hermione s words. She looked 
around at all the faces upturned to her, rather 
disconcerted. 

Well  I thought it was a good idea, she said 
uncertainly, I mean, even if Umbridge asked us to 
turn out our pockets, theres nothing fishy about 



  510Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




carrying a Galleon, is there? But ... well, if you dont 
want to use them ... 

You can do a Protean Charm? said Terry Boot. 

Yes, said Hermione. 

But thats ... thats N.E.W.T. standard, that is, he 
said weakly. 

Oh, said Hermione, trying to look modest. Oh ... 
well ... yes, I suppose it is... 

How come youre not in Ravenclaw? he demanded, 
staring at Hermione with something close to wonder. 
With brains like yours? 

Well, the Sorting Hat did seriously consider putting 
me in Ravenclaw during my Sorting, said Hermione 
brightly, but it decided on Gryffindor in the end. So 
does that mean were using the Galleons? 

There was a murmur of assent and everybody moved 
forward to collect one from the basket. Harry looked 
sideways at Hermione. 

You know what these remind me of? 

No, whats that? 

The Death Eaters scars. Voldemort touches one of 
them, and all their scars burn, and they know theyve 
got to join him. 

Well ... yes, said Hermione quietly. That is where I 
got the idea ... but youll notice I decided to engrave 
the date on bits of metal rather than on our members 
skin... 



  511Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah ... I prefer your way, said Harry, grinning, as 
he slipped his Galleon into his pocket. I suppose the 
only danger with these is that we might accidentally 
spend them. 

Fat chance, said Ron, who was examining his own 
fake Galleon with a slightly mournful air. I havent 
got any real Galleons to confuse it with. 

As the first Quidditch match of the season, Gryffindor 
versus Slytherin, drew nearer, their D.A. meetings 
were put on hold because Angelina insisted on almost 
daily practices. The fact that the Quidditch Cup had 
not been held for so long added considerably to the 
interest and excitement surrounding the forthcoming 
game. The Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs were taking a 
lively interest in the outcome, for they, of course, 
would be playing both teams over the coming year; 
and the Heads of House of the competing teams, 
though they attempted to disguise it under a decent 
pretense of sportsmanship, were determined to see 
their sides victory. Harry realized how much 
Professor McGonagall cared about beating Slytherin 
when she abstained from giving them homework in 
the week leading up to the match. 

I think youve got enough to be getting on with at the 
moment, she said loftily. Nobody could quite believe 
their ears until she looked directly at Harry and Ron 
and said grimly, Ive become accustomed to seeing 
the Quidditch Cup in my study, boys, and I really 
dont want to have to hand it over to Professor Snape, 
so use the extra time to practice, wont you? 

Snape was no less obviously partisan: He had booked 
the Quidditch pitch for Slytherin practice so often 
that the Gryffindors had difficulty getting on it to 
play. He was also turning a deaf ear to the many 
reports of Slytherin attempts to hex Gryffindor 
  512Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




players in the corridors. When Alicia Spinnet turned 
up in the hospital wing with her eyebrows growing so 
thick and fast that they obscured her vision and 
obstructed her mouth, Snape insisted that she must 
have attempted a HairThickening Charm on herself 
and refused to listen to the fourteen eyewitnesses who 
insisted that they had seen the Slytherin Keeper, 

Miles Bletchley, hit her from behind with a jinx while 
she worked in the library. 

Harry felt optimistic about Gryffindors chances; they 
had, after all, never lost to Malfoys team. Admittedly 
Ron was still not performing to Woods standard, but 
he was working extremely hard to improve. His 
greatest weakness was a tendency to lose confidence 
when he made a blunder; if he let in one goal he 
became flustered and was therefore likely to miss 
more. On the other hand, Harry had seen Ron make 
some truly spectacular saves when he was on form: 
During one memorable practice, he had hung one 
handed from his broom and kicked the Quaffle so 
hard away from the goal hoop that it soared the 
length of the pitch and through the center hoop at the 
other end. The rest of the team felt this save 
compared favorably with one made recently by Barry 
Ryan, the Irish International Keeper, against Polands 
top Chaser, Ladislaw Zamojski. Even Fred had said 
that Ron might yet make him and George proud, and 
that they were seriously considering admitting that he 
was related to them, something he assured Ron they 
had been trying to deny for four years. 

The only thing really worrying Harry was how much 
Ron was allowing the tactics of the Slytherin team to 
upset him before they even got onto the pitch. Harry, 
of course, had endured their snide comments for 
more than four years, so whispers of, Hey, Potty, I 
heard Warringtons sworn to knock you off your 
broom on Saturday, far from chilling his blood, made 
  513Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




him laugh. Warringtons aims so pathetic Id be 
more worried if he was aiming for the person next to 
me, he retorted, which made Ron and Hermione 
laugh and wiped the smirk off Pansy Parkinsons face. 

But Ron had never endured a relentless campaign of 
insults, jeers, and intimidation. When Slytherins, 
some of them seventh years and considerably larger 
than he was, muttered as they passed in the 
corridors, Got your bed booked in the hospital wing, 
Weasley? he did not laugh, but turned a delicate 
shade of green. When Draco Malfoy imitated Ron 
dropping the Quaffle (which he did whenever they 
were within sight of each other), Rons ears glowed 
red and his hands shook so badly that he was likely 
to drop whatever he was holding at the time too. 

October extinguished itself in a rush of howling winds 
and driving rain and November arrived, cold as frozen 
iron, with hard frosts every morning and icy drafts 
that bit at exposed hands and faces. The skies and 
the ceiling of the Great Hall turned a pale, pearly 
gray, the mountains around Hogwarts became 
snowcapped, and the temperature in the castle 
dropped so far that many students wore their thick 
protective dragon skin gloves in the corridors between 
lessons. 

The morning of the match dawned bright and cold. 
When Harry awoke he looked around at Rons bed 
and saw him sitting bolt upright, his arms around his 
knees, staring fixedly into space. 

You all right? said Harry. 

Ron nodded but did not speak. Harry was reminded 
forcibly of the time that Ron had accidentally put a 
slug vomiting charm on himself. He looked just as 



  514Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




pale and sweaty as he had done then, not to mention 
as reluctant to open his mouth. 



You just need some breakfast, Harry said bracingly. 
Cmon. 

The Great Hall was filling up fast when they arrived, 
the talk louder and the mood more exuberant than 
usual. As they passed the Slytherin table there was 
an upsurge of noise; Harry looked around and saw 
that nearly everyone there was wearing, in addition to 
the usual greenandsilver scarves and hats, silver 
badges in the shape of what seemed to be crowns. For 
some reason many of them waved at Ron, laughing 
uproariously. Harry tried to see what was written on 
the badges as he walked by, but he was too 
concerned to get Ron past their table quickly to linger 
long enough to read them. 

They received a rousing welcome at the Gryffindor 
table, where everyone was wearing red and gold, but 
far from raising Rons spirits the cheers seemed to 
sap the last of his morale; he collapsed onto the 
nearest bench looking as though he were facing his 
final meal. 

I mustve been mental to do this, he said in a croaky 
whisper. Mental. 

Dont be thick, said Harry firmly, passing him a 
choice of cereals. Youre going to be fine. Its normal 
to be nervous. 

Im rubbish, croaked Ron. Im lousy. I cant play to 
save my life. What was I thinking? 

Get a grip, said Harry sternly. Look at that save 
you made with your foot the other day, even Fred and 
George said it was brilliant   

  515Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ron turned a tortured face to Harry. 



That was an accident, he whispered miserably. I 
didnt mean to do it  I slipped off my broom when 
none of you were looking and I was trying to get back 
on and I kicked the Quaffle by accident. 

Well, said Harry, recovering quickly from this 
unpleasant surprise, a few more accidents like that 
and the games in the bag, isnt it? 

Hermione and Ginny sat down opposite them wearing 
redandgold scarves, gloves, and rosettes. 

Howre you feeling? Ginny asked Ron, who was now 
staring into the dregs of milk at the bottom of his 
empty cereal bowl as though seriously considering 
attempting to drown himself in them. 

Hes just nervous, said Harry. 

Well, thats a good sign, I never feel you perform as 
well in exams if youre not a bit nervous, said 
Hermione heartily. 

Hello, said a vague and dreamy voice from behind 
them. Harry looked up: Luna Lovegood had drifted 
over from the Ravenclaw table. Many people were 
staring at her and a few openly laughing and 
pointing; she had managed to procure a hat shaped 
like a lifesize lions head, which was perched 
precariously on her head. 

Im supporting Gryffindor, said Luna, pointing 
unnecessarily at her hat. Look what it does... 

She reached up and tapped the hat with her wand. It 
opened its mouth wide and gave an extremely realistic 
roar that made everyone in the vicinity jump. 

  516Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Its good, isnt it? said Luna happily. I wanted to 
have it chewing up a serpent to represent Slytherin, 
you know, but there wasnt time. Anyway ... good 
luck, Ronald! 

She drifted away. They had not quite recovered from 
the shock of Lunas hat before Angelina came 
hurrying toward them, accompanied by Katie and 
Alicia, whose eyebrows had mercifully been returned 
to normal by Madam Pomfrey. 

When youre ready, she said, were going to go 
straight down to the pitch, check out conditions and 
change. 

Well be there in a bit, Harry assured her. Rons 
just got to have some breakfast. 

It became clear after ten minutes, however, that Ron 
was not capable of eating anything more and Harry 
thought it best to get him down to the changing 
rooms. As they rose from the table, Hermione got up 
too, and taking Harrys arm, she drew him to one 
side. 

Dont let Ron see whats on those Slytherins 
badges, she whispered urgently. 

Harry looked questioningly at her, but she shook her 
head warningly; Ron had just ambled over to them, 
looking lost and desperate. 

Good luck, Ron, said Hermione, standing on tiptoe 
and kissing him on the cheek. And you, Harry   

Ron seemed to come to himself slightly as they 
walked back across the Great Hall. He touched the 
spot on his face where Hermione had kissed him, 
looking puzzled, as though he was not quite sure 

  517Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




what had just happened. He seemed too distracted to 
notice much around him, but Harry cast a curious 
glance at the crownshaped badges as they passed 
the Slytherin table, and this time he made out the 
words etched onto them: 

WEASLEY 

IS OUR KING 

With an unpleasant feeling that this could mean 
nothing good, he hurried Ron across the entrance 
hall, down the stone steps, and out into the icy air. 

The frosty grass crunched under their feet as they 
hurried down the sloping lawns toward the stadium. 
There was no wind at all and the sky was a uniform 
pearly white, which meant that visibility would be 
good without the drawback of direct sunlight in the 
eyes. Harry pointed out these encouraging factors to 
Ron as they walked, but he was not sure that Ron 
was listening. 

Angelina had changed already and was talking to the 
rest of the team when they entered. Harry and Ron 
pulled on their robes (Ron attempted to do his up 
backtofront for several minutes before Alicia took 
pity on him and went to help) and then sat down to 
listen to the prematch talk while the babble of voices 
outside grew steadily louder as the crowd came 
pouring out of the castle toward the pitch. 

Okay, Eve only just found out the final lineup for 
Slytherin, said Angelina, consulting a piece of 
parchment. Last years Beaters, Derrick and Bole, 
have left now, but it looks as though Montagues 
replaced them with the usual gorillas, rather than 
anyone who can fly particularly well. Theyre two 



  518Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




blokes called Crabbe and Goyle, I dont know much 
about them   

We do, said Harry and Ron together. 

Well, they dont look bright enough to tell one end of 
a broom from another, said Angelina, pocketing her 
parchment, but then I was always surprised Derrick 
and Bole managed to find their way onto the pitch 
without signposts. 

Crabbe and Goyle are in the same mold, Harry 
assured her. 

They could hear hundreds of footsteps mounting the 
banked benches of the spectators stands now. Some 
people were singing, though Harry could not make 
out the words. He was starting to feel nervous, but he 
knew his butterflies were as nothing to Rons, who 
was clutching his stomach and staring straight ahead 
again, his jaw set and his complexion pale gray. 

Its time, said Angelina in a hushed voice, looking at 
her watch. Cmon everyone ... good luck. 

The team rose, shouldered their brooms, and 
marched in single file out of the changing room and 
into the dazzling sunlight. A roar of sound greeted 
them in which Harry could still hear singing, though 
it was muffled by the cheers and whistles. 

The Slytherin team were standing waiting for them. 
They too were wearing those silver crownshaped 
badges. The new captain, Montague, was built along 
the same lines as Dudley, with massive forearms like 
hairy hams. Behind him lurked Crabbe and Goyle, 
almost as large, blinking stupidly in the sunlight, 
swinging their new Beaters bats. Malfoy stood to one 
side, the sunlight gleaming on his whiteblond head. 
  519Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He caught Harrys eye and smirked, tapping the 
crownshaped badge on his chest. 

Captains shake hands, ordered the umpire, Madam 
Hooch, as Angelina and Montague reached each 
other. Harry could tell that Montague was trying to 
crush Angelinas fingers, though she did not wince. 
Mount your brooms... 

Madam Hooch placed her whistle in her mouth and 
blew. 

The balls were released and the fourteen players shot 
upward; out of the corner of his eye Harry saw Ron 
streak off toward the goal hoops. He zoomed higher, 
dodging a Bludger, and set off on a wide lap of the 
pitch, gazing around for a glint of gold; on the other 
side of the stadium, Draco Malfoy was doing exactly 
the same. 

And its Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle, what a 
player that girl is, Ive been saying it for years but she 
still wont go out with me   

JORDAN! yelled Professor McGonagall. 

Just a fun fact, Professor, adds a bit of interest  
and shes ducked Warrington, shes passed 
Montague, shes  ouch  been hit from behind by a 
Bludger from Crabbe... Montague catches the Quaffle, 
Montague heading back up the pitch and  nice 
Bludger there from George Weasley, thats a Bludger 
to the head for Montague, he drops the Quaffle, 
caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell of Gryffindor reverse 
passes to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnets away   

Lee Jordans commentary rang through the stadium 
and Harry listened as hard as he could through the 



  520Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wind whistling in his ears and the din of the crowd, 
all yelling and booing and singing  

  dodges Warrington, avoids a Bludger  close call, 
Alicia  and the crowd are loving this, just listen to 
them, whats that theyre singing? 

And as Lee paused to listen the song rose loud and 
clear from the sea of green and silver in the Slytherin 
section of the stands: 

Weasley cannot save a thing, 

He cannot block a single ring, 

Thats why Slytherins all sing: 

Weasley is our King. 

Weasley was born in a bin, 

He always lets the Quaffle in, 

Weasley will make sure we win, 

Weasley is our King. 

  and Alicia passes back to Angelina! Lee shouted, 
and as Harry swerved, his insides boiling at what he 
had just heard, he knew Lee was trying to drown out 
the sound of the singing. Come on now, Angelina  
looks like shes got just the Keeper to beat!  SHE 
SHOOTS  SHE  aaaah ... 

Bletchley, the Slytherin Keeper, had saved the goal; 
he threw the Quaffle to Warrington who sped off with 
it, zigzagging in between Alicia and Katie; the singing 
from below grew louder and louder as he drew nearer 
and nearer Ron  

Weasley is our King, 

Weasley is our King, 

He always lets the Quaffle in, 

Weasley is our King. 



  521Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry could not help himself: Abandoning his search 
for the Snitch, he turned his Firebolt toward Ron, a 
lone figure at the far end of the pitch, hovering before 
the three goal hoops while the massive Warrington 
pelted toward him ... 

  and its Warrington with the Quaffle, Warrington 
heading for goal, hes out of Bludger range with just 
the Keeper ahead   

A great swell of song rose from the Slytherin stands 
below: 

Weasley cannot save a thing, 

He cannot block a single ring . . . 

  so its the first test for new Gryffindor Keeper, 
Weasley, brother of Beaters, Fred and George, and a 
promising new talent on the team  come on, Ron! 

But the scream of delight came from the Slytherin 
end: Ron had dived wildly, his arms wide, and the 
Quaffle had soared between them, straight through 
Rons central hoop. 

Slytherin score! came Lees voice amid the cheering 
and booing from the crowds below. So thats tennil 
to Slytherin  bad luck, Ron ... 

The Slytherins sang even louder: 

WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN, 

HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN ... 

  and Gryffindor back in possession and its Katie 
Bell tanking up the pitch   cried Lee valiantly, 
though the singing was now so deafening that he 
could hardly make himself heard above it. 



  522Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN, 

WEASLEY IS OUR KING . . . 

Harry, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? screamed Angelina, 
soaring past him to keep up with Katie. GET 
GOING! 

Harry realized that he had been stationary in midair 
for more than a minute, watching the progress of the 
match without sparing a thought for the whereabouts 
of the Snitch; horrified, he went into a dive and 
started circling the pitch again, staring around, trying 
to ignore the chorus now thundering through the 
stadium: 

WEASLEY IS OUR KING, 

WEASLEY IS OUR KING . . . 

There was no sign of the Snitch anywhere he looked; 
Malfoy was still circling the stadium just like Harry. 
They passed midway around the pitch going in 
opposite directions and Harry heard Malfoy singing 
loudly, 

WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN . . . 

  and its Warrington again, bellowed Lee, who 
passes to Pucey, Puceys off past Spinnet, come on 
now Angelina, you can take him  turns out you 
cant  but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley, I mean, 
George Weasley, oh who cares, one of them anyway, 
and Warrington drops the Quaffle and Katie Bell  er 
 drops it too  so thats Montague with the Quaffle, 
Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle, and 
hes off up the pitch, come on now Gryffindor, block 
him! 

Harry zoomed around the end of the stadium behind 
the Slytherin goal hoops, willing himself not to look at 

  523Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




what was going on at Rons end; as he sped past the 
Slytherin Keeper, he heard Bletchley singing along 
with the crowd below, 

WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING . . . 

  and Puceys dodged Alicia again, and hes heading 
straight for goal, stop it, Ron! 

Harry did not have to look to see what had happened: 
There was a terrible groan from the Gryffindor end, 
coupled with fresh screams and applause from the 
Slytherins. Looking down, Harry saw the pugfaced 
Pansy Parkinson right at the front of the stands, her 
back to the pitch as she conducted the Slytherin 
supporters who were roaring: 

THATS WHY SLYTHERINS ALL SING: 

WEASLEY IS OUR KING. 

But twentynil was nothing, there was still time for 
Gryffindor to catch up or catch the Snitch, a few goals 
and they would be in the lead as usual, Harry 
assured himself, bobbing and weaving through the 
other players in pursuit of something shiny that 
turned out to be Montagues watch strap... 

But Ron let in two more goals. There was an edge of 
panic in Harrys desire to find the Snitch now. If he 
could just get it soon and finish the game quickly ... 

  and Katie Bell of Gryffindor dodges Pucey, ducks 
Montague, nice swerve, Katie, and she throws to 
Johnson, Angelina Johnson takes the Quaffle, shes 
past Warrington, shes heading for goal, come on now 
Angelina  GRYFFINDOR SCORE! Its fortyten, forty 
ten to Slytherin and Pucey has the Quaffle... 



  524Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry could hear Lunas ludicrous lion hat roaring 
amidst the Gryffindor cheers and felt heartened; only 
thirty points in it, that was nothing, they could pull 
back easily. Harry ducked a Bludger that Crabbe had 
sent rocketing in his direction and resumed his 
frantic scouring of the pitch for the Snitch, keeping 
one eye on Malfoy in case he showed signs of having 
spotted it, but Malfoy, like him, was continuing to 
soar around the stadium, searching fruitlessly . . . 

  Pucey throws to Warrington, Warrington to 
Montague, Montague back to Pucey  Johnson 
intervenes, Johnson takes the Quaffle, Johnson to 
Bell, this looks good  I mean bad  Bells hit by a 
Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and its Pucey in 
possession again ... 

WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN, 

HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN, 

WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN  

But Harry had seen it at last: The tiny fluttering 
Golden Snitch was hovering feet from the ground at 
the Slytherin end of the pitch. 

He dived... 

In a matter of seconds, Malfoy was streaking out of 
the sky on Harrys left, a greenandsilver blur lying 
flat on his broom... 

The Snitch skirted the foot of one of the goal hoops 
and scooted off toward the other side of the stands; 
its change of direction suited Malfoy, who was nearer. 
Harry pulled his Firebolt around, he and Malfoy were 
now neck and neck . . . 



  525Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Feet from the ground, Harry lifted his right hand from 
his broom, stretching toward the Snitch ... to his 
right, Malfoys arm extended too, reaching, groping ... 

It was over in two breathless, desperate, windswept 
seconds  Harrys fingers closed around the tiny, 
struggling ball  Malfoys fingernails scrabbled the 
back of Harrys hand hopelessly  Harry pulled his 
broom upward, holding the struggling ball in his 
hand and the Gryffindor spectators screamed their 
approval... 

They were saved, it did not matter that Ron had let in 
those goals, nobody would remember as long as 
Gryffindor had won  

WHAM 

A Bludger hit Harry squarely in the small of the back 
and he flew forward off his broom; luckily he was only 
five or six feet above the ground, having dived so low 
to catch the Snitch, but he was winded all the same 
as he landed flat on his back on the frozen pitch. He 
heard Madam Hoochs shrill whistle, an uproar in the 
stands compounded of catcalls, angry yells and 
jeering, a thud, then Angelinas frantic voice. 

Are you all right? 

 Course I am, said Harry grimly, taking her hand 
and allowing her to pull him to his feet. Madam 
Hooch was zooming toward one of the Slytherin 
players above him, though he could not see who it 
was at this angle. 

It was that thug, Crabbe, said Angelina angrily. He 
whacked the Bludger at you the moment he saw youd 
got the Snitch  but we won, Harry, we won! 



  526Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry heard a snort from behind him and turned 
around, still holding the Snitch tightly in his hand: 
Draco Malfoy had landed close by; whitefaced with 
fury, he was still managing to sneer. 

Saved Weasleys neck, havent you? he said to 
Harry. Ive never seen a worse Keeper ... but then he 
was born in a bin... Did you like my lyrics, Potter? 

Harry did not answer; he turned away to meet the 
rest of the team who were now landing one by one, 
yelling and punching the air in triumph, all except 
Ron, who had dismounted from his broom over by the 
goalposts and was making his way slowly back to the 
changing rooms alone. 

We wanted to write another couple of verses! Malfoy 
called, as Katie and Alicia hugged Harry. But we 
couldnt find rhymes for fat and ugly  we wanted to 
sing about his mother, see   

Talk about sour grapes, said Angelina, casting 
Malfoy a disgusted look. 

  we couldnt fit in useless loser either  for his 
father, you know   

Fred and George had realized what Malfoy was talking 
about. Halfway through shaking Harrys hand they 
stiffened, looking around at Malfoy. 

Leave it, said Angelina at once, taking Fred by the 
arm. Leave it, Fred, let him yell, hes just sore he 
lost, the jumpedup little   

  but you like the Weasleys, dont you, Potter? said 
Malfoy, sneering. Spend holidays there and 
everything, dont you? Cant see how you stand the 



  527Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




stink, but I suppose when youve been dragged up by 
Muggles even the Weasleys hovel smells okay   

Harry grabbed hold of George; meanwhile it was 
taking the combined efforts of Angelina, Alicia, and 
Katie to stop Fred leaping on Malfoy, who was 
laughing openly. Harry looked around for Madam 
Hooch, but she was still berating Crabbe for his illegal 
Bludger attack. 

Or perhaps, said Malfoy, leering as he backed away, 
you can remember what your mothers house stank 
like, Potter, and Weasleys pigsty reminds you of it   

Harry was not aware of releasing George, all he knew 
was that a second later both of them were sprinting at 
Malfoy. He had completely forgotten the fact that all 
the teachers were watching: All he wanted to do was 
cause Malfoy as much pain as possible. With no time 
to draw out his wand, he merely drew back the fist 
clutching the Snitch and sank it as hard as he could 
into Malfoys stomach  

Harry! HARRY! GEORGE! 1VO! 

He could hear girls voices screaming, Malfoy yelling, 
George swearing, a whistle blowing, and the bellowing 
of the crowd around him, but he did not care, not 
until somebody in the vicinity yelled  IMPEDIMENTA ! 
and only when he was knocked over backward by the 
force of the spell did he abandon the attempt to 
punch every inch of Malfoy he could reach... 

What do you think youre doing? screamed Madam 
Hooch, as Harry leapt to his feet again; it was she 
who had hit him with the Impediment Jinx. She was 
holding her whistle in one hand and a wand in the 
other, her broom lay abandoned several feet away. 
Malfoy was curled up on the ground, whimpering and 
  528Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




moaning, his nose bloody; George was sporting a 
swollen lip; Fred was still being forcibly restrained by 
the three Chasers, and Crabbe was cackling in the 
background. Ive never seen behavior like it  back 
up to the castle, both of you, and straight to your 
Head of Houses office! Go! Now\ 

Harry and George marched off the pitch, both 
panting, neither saying a word to each other. The 
howling and jeering of the crowd grew fainter and 
fainter until they reached the entrance hall, where 
they could hear nothing except the sound of their own 
footsteps. Harry became aware that something was 
still struggling in his right hand, the knuckles of 
which he had bruised against Malfoys jaw; looking 
down he saw the Snitchs silver wings protruding 
from between his fingers, struggling for release. 

They had barely reached the door of Professor 
McGonagalls office when she came marching along 
the corridor behind them. She was wearing a 
Gryffindor scarf, but tore it from her throat with 
shaking hands as she strode toward them, looking 
livid. 

In! she said furiously, pointing to the door. Harry 
and George entered. She strode around behind her 
desk and faced them, quivering with rage as she 
threw the Gryffindor scarf aside onto the floor. 

Well? she said. I have never seen such a disgraceful 
exhibition. Two onto one! Explain yourselves! 

Malfoy provoked us, said Harry stiffly. 

Provoked you? shouted Professor McGonagall, 
slamming a fist onto her desk so that her tartan 
biscuit tin slid sideways off it and burst open, littering 
the floor with Ginger Newts. Hed just lost, hadnt he, 

  529Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




of course he wanted to provoke you! But what on 
earth he can have said that justified what you two   

He insulted my parents, snarled George. And 
Harrys mother. 

But instead of leaving it to Madam Hooch to sort out, 
you two decided to give an exhibition of Muggle 
dueling, did you? bellowed Professor McGonagall. 
Have you any idea what youve  ? 

Hem, hem. 

George and Harry both spun around. Dolores 
Umbridge was standing in the doorway wrapped in a 
green tweed cloak that greatly enhanced her 
resemblance to a giant toad, and smiling in the 
horribly sickly, ominous way that Harry had come to 
associate with imminent misery. 

May I help, Professor McGonagall? asked Professor 
Umbridge in her most poisonously sweet voice. 

Blood rushed into Professor McGonagalls face. 

Help? she repeated in a constricted voice. What do 
you mean, help? 

Professor Umbridge moved forward into the office, still 
smiling her sickly smile. 

Why, I thought you might be grateful for a little extra 
authority. 

Harry would not have been surprised to see sparks fly 
from Professor McGonagalls nostrils. 

You thought wrong, she said, turning her back on 
Umbridge. Now, you two had better listen closely. I 

  530Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




do not care what provocation Malfoy offered you, I do 
not care if he insulted every family member you 
possess, your behavior was disgusting and I am 
giving each of you a weeks worth of detention! Do not 
look at me like that, Potter, you deserve it! And if 
either of you ever   

Hem, hem. 

Professor McGonagall closed her eyes as though 
praying for patience as she turned her face toward 
Professor Umbridge again. 

 Yes? 

I think they deserve rather more than detentions, 
said Umbridge, smiling still more broadly. 

Professor McGonagalls eyes flew open. But 
unfortunately, she said, with an attempt at a 
reciprocal smile that made her look as though she 
had lockjaw, it is what I think that counts, as they 
are in my House, Dolores. 

Well, actually, Minerva, simpered Umbridge, I think 
youll find that what I think does count. Now, where 
is it? Cornelius just sent it... I mean, she gave a little 
false laugh as she rummaged in her handbag, the 
Minister just sent it... Ah yes ... 

She had pulled out a piece of parchment that she now 
unfurled, clearing her throat fussily before starting to 
read what it said. 

Hem, hem ... Educational Decree Number Twenty 
five ... 

Not another one! exclaimed Professor McGonagall 
violently. 

  531Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, yes, said Umbridge, still smiling. As a matter 
of fact, Minerva, it was you who made me see that we 
needed a further amendment... You remember how 
you overrode me, when I was unwilling to allow the 
Gryffindor Quidditch team to reform? How you took 
the case to Dumbledore, who insisted that the team 
be allowed to play? Well, now, I couldnt have that. I 
contacted the Minister at once, and he quite agreed 
with me that the High Inquisitor has to have the 
power to strip pupils of privileges, or she  that is to 
say, I  would have less authority than common 
teachers! And you see now, dont you, Minerva, how 
right I was in attempting to stop the Gryffindor team 
reforming? Dreadful tempers . . . Anyway, I was 
reading out our amendment ... hem, hem ... The High 
Inquisitor will henceforth have supreme authority 
over all punishments, sanctions, and removal of 
privileges pertaining to the students of Hogwarts, and 
the power to alter such punishments, sanctions, and 
removals of privileges as may have been ordered by 
other staff members. Signed, Cornelius Fudge, 
Minister of Magic, Order of Merlin First Class, etc., 
etc... 

She rolled up the parchment and put it back into her 
handbag, still smiling. 

So ... I really think I will have to ban these two from 
playing Quidditch ever again, she said, looking from 
Harry to George and back again. 

Harry felt the Snitch fluttering madly in his hand. 

Ban us? he said, and his voice sounded strangely 
distant. From playing ... ever again? 

Yes, Mr. Potter, I think a lifelong ban ought to do the 
trick, said Umbridge, her smile widening still further 
as she watched him struggle to comprehend what she 

  532Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




had said. You and Mr. Weasley here. And I think, to 
be safe, this young mans twin ought to be stopped 
too  if his teammates had not restrained him, I feel 
sure he would have attacked young Mr. Malfoy as 
well. I will want their broomsticks confiscated, of 
course; I shall keep them safely in my office, to make 
sure there is no infringement of my ban. But I am not 
unreasonable, Professor McGonagall, she continued, 
turning back to Professor McGonagall who was now 
standing as still as though carved from ice, staring at 
her. The rest of the team can continue playing, I saw 
no signs of violence from any of them. Well ... good 
afternoon to you. And with a look of the utmost 
satisfaction Umbridge left the room, leaving a 
horrified silence in her wake. 

Banned, said Angelina in a hollow voice, late that 
evening in the common room.  Banned . No Seeker 
and no Beaters . . . What on earth are we going to do? 

It did not feel as though they had won the match at 
all. Everywhere Harry looked there were disconsolate 
and angry faces; the team themselves were slumped 
around the fire, all apart from Ron, who had not been 
seen since the end of the match. 

Its just so unfair, said Alicia numbly. I mean, what 
about Crabbe and that Bludger he hit after the 
whistle had been blown? Has she banned him? 

No, said Ginny miserably; she and Hermione were 
sitting on either side of Harry. He just got lines, I 
heard Montague laughing about it at dinner. 

And banning Fred when he didnt even do anything! 
said Alicia furiously, pummeling her knee with her 
fist. 



  533Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Its not my fault I didnt, said Fred, with a very ugly 
look on his face. I wouldve pounded the little 
scumbag to a pulp if you three hadnt been holding 
me back. 

Harry stared miserably at the dark window. Snow was 
falling. The Snitch he had caught earlier was now 
zooming around and around the common room; 
people were watching its progress as though 
hypnotized and Crookshanks was leaping from chair 
to chair, trying to catch it. 

Im going to bed, said Angelina, getting slowly to her 
feet. 

Maybe this will all turn out to have been a bad 
dream... Maybe Ill wake up tomorrow and find we 
havent played yet... 

She was soon followed by Alicia and Katie. Fred and 
George sloped off to bed some time later, glowering at 
everyone they passed, and Ginny went not long after 
that. Only Harry and Hermione were left beside the 
fire. 

Have you seen Ron? Hermione asked in a low voice. 
Harry shook his head. 

I think hes avoiding us, said Hermione. Where do 
you think he  ? 

But at that precise moment, there was a creaking 
sound behind them as the Fat Lady swung forward 
and Ron came clambering through the portrait hole. 
He was very pale indeed and there was snow in his 
hair. When he saw Harry and Hermione he stopped 
dead in his tracks. 



  534Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Where have you been? said Hermione anxiously, 
springing up. 



Walking, Ron mumbled. He was still wearing his 
Quidditch things. 

You look frozen, said Hermione. Come and sit 
down! 

Ron walked to the fireside and sank into the chair 
farthest from Harrys, not looking at him. The stolen 
Snitch zoomed over their heads. 

Im sorry, Ron mumbled, looking at his feet. 

What for? said Harry. 

For thinking I can play Quidditch, said Ron. Im 
going to resign first thing tomorrow. 

If you resign, said Harry testily, therell only be 
three players left on the team. And when Ron looked 
puzzled, he said, Ive been given a lifetime ban. Sove 
Fred and George. 

What? Ron yelped. 

Hermione told him the full story; Harry could not bear 
to tell it again. When she had finished, Ron looked 
more anguished than ever. 

This is all my fault   

You didnt make me punch Malfoy, said Harry 
angrily. 

  if I wasnt so lousy at Quidditch   

  its got nothing to do with that   

  535Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




  it was that song that wound me up   

  it wouldve wound anyone up   

Hermione got up and walked to the window, away 
from the argument, watching the snow swirling down 
against the pane. 

Look, drop it, will you! Harry burst out. Its bad 
enough without you blaming yourself for everything! 

Ron said nothing but sat gazing miserably at the 
damp hem of his robes. After a while he said in a dull 
voice, This is the worst Ive ever felt in my life. 

Join the club, said Harry bitterly. 

Well, said Hermione, her voice trembling slightly. I 
can think of one thing that might cheer you both up. 

Oh yeah? said Harry skeptically. 

Yeah, said Hermione, turning away from the pitch 
black, snowflecked window, a broad smile spreading 
across her face. Hagrids back. 



  536Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





HAGRIDS TALE 

Harry sprinted up to the boys dormitory to fetch the 
Invisibility Cloak and the Marauders Map from his 
trunk; he was so quick that he and Ron were ready to 
leave at least five minutes before Hermione hurried 
back down from the girls dormitories, wearing scarf, 
gloves, and one of her own knobbly elf hats. 

Well, its cold out there! she said defensively, as Ron 
clicked his tongue impatiently. 

They crept through the portrait hole and covered 
themselves hastily in the cloak  Ron had grown so 
much he now needed to crouch to prevent his feet 
showing  then, moving slowly and cautiously, they 
proceeded down the many staircases, pausing at 
intervals to check the map for signs of Filch or Mrs. 
Norris. They were lucky; they saw nobody but Nearly 
Headless Nick, who was gliding along absentmindedly 
humming something that sounded horribly like 
Weasley Is Our King. They crept across the entrance 
hall and then out into the silent, snowy grounds. 

With a great leap of his heart, Harry saw little golden 
squares of light ahead and smoke coiling up from 

  537Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Hagrids chimney. He set off at a quick march, the 
other two jostling and bumping along behind him, 
and they crunched excitedly through the thickening 
snow until at last they reached the wooden front door; 
when Harry raised his fist and knocked three times, a 
dog started barking frantically inside. 

Hagrid, its us! Harry called through the keyhole. 

Shoulda known! said a gruff voice. 

They beamed at one another under the cloak; they 
could tell that Hagrids voice was pleased. Bin home 
three seconds ... Out the way, Fang ... Out the way, 
yeh dozy dog ... 

The bolt was drawn back, the door creaked open, and 
Hagrids head appeared in the gap. 

Hermione screamed. 

Merlins beard, keep it down! said Hagrid hastily, 
staring wildly over their heads. Under that cloak, are 
yeh? Well, get in, get in! 

Im sorry! Hermione gasped, as the three of them 
squeezed past Hagrid into the house and pulled the 
cloak off themselves so he could see them. I just  
oh, Hagrid). 

Its nuthin, its nuthin! said Hagrid hastily, 
shutting the door behind them and hurrying to close 
all the curtains, but Hermione continued to gaze up 
at him in horror. 

Hagrids hair was matted with congealed blood, and 
his left eye had been reduced to a puffy slit amid a 
mass of purpleandblack bruises. There were many 
cuts on his face and hands, some of them still 

  538Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




bleeding, and he was moving gingerly, which made 
Harry suspect broken ribs. It was obvious that he had 
only just got home; a thick black traveling cloak lay 
over the back of a chair and a haversack large enough 
to carry several small children leaned against the wall 
inside the door. Hagrid himself, twice the size of a 
normal man and three times as broad, was now 
limping over to the fire and placing a copper kettle 
over it. 

What happened to you? Harry demanded, while 
Fang danced around them all, trying to lick their 
faces. 

Told yeh, nuthin said Hagrid firmly. Want a 
cuppa? 

Come off it, said Ron, youre in a right state! 

Im tellinyeh, Im fine, said Hagrid, straightening 
up and turning to beam at them all, but wincing. 
Blimey, its good ter see you three again  had good 
summers, did yeh? 

Hagrid, youve been attacked! said Ron. 

Fer the las time, its nuthin! said Hagrid firmly. 

Would you say it was nothing if one of us turned up 
with a pound of mince instead of a face? Ron 
demanded. 

You ought to go and see Madam Pomfrey, Hagrid, 
said Hermione anxiously. Some of those cuts look 
nasty. 

Im dealin with it, all righ? said Hagrid repressively. 



  539Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He walked across to the enormous wooden table that 
stood in the middle of his cabin and twitched aside a 
tea towel that had been lying on it. Underneath was a 
raw, bloody, greentinged steak slightly larger than 
the average car tire. 

Youre not going to eat that, are you, Hagrid? said 
Ron, leaning in for a closer look. It looks poisonous. 

Its s posed ter look like that, its dragon meat, 
Hagrid said. An I didn get it ter eat. 

He picked up the steak and slapped it over the left 
side of his face. Greenish blood trickled down into his 
beard as he gave a soft moan of satisfaction. 

Thas better. It helps with the stingin, yeh know. 

So are you going to tell us whats happened to you? 
Harry asked. 

Can, Harry. Top secret. Moren me jobs worth ter 
tell yeh that. 

Did the giants beat you up, Hagrid? asked Hermione 
quietly. 

Hagrids fingers slipped on the dragon steak, and it 
slid squelchily onto his chest. 

Giants? said Hagrid, catching the steak before it 
reached his belt and slapping it back over his face. 
Who said anythin abou giants? Who yeh bin talkin 
to? Whos told yeh what Ive  whos said Ive bin  
eh? 

We guessed, said Hermione apologetically. 



  540Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh, yeh did, did yeh? said Hagrid, fixing her sternly 
with the eye that was not hidden by the steak. 

It was kind of ... obvious, said Ron. Harry nodded. 

Hagrid glared at them, then snorted, threw the steak 
onto the table again and strode back to the kettle, 
which was now whistling. 

Never known kids like you three fer knowin moren 
yeh oughta, he muttered, splashing boiling water 
into three of his bucketshaped mugs. An Im not 
complimentin yeh, neither. Nosy, somed call it. 
Interferin. 

But his beard twitched. 

So you have been to look for giants? said Harry, 
grinning as he sat down at the table. 

Hagrid set tea in front of each of them, sat down, 
picked up his steak again, and slapped it back over 
his face. 

Yeah, all righ, he grunted, I have. 

And you found them? said Hermione in a hushed 
voice. 

Well, theyre not that difficult ter find, ter be honest, 
said Hagrid. Pretty big, see. 

Where are they? said Ron. 

Mountains, said Hagrid unhelpfully. 

So why dont Muggles  ? 



  541Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




They do, said Hagrid darkly. Ony their deaths are 
always put down ter mountaineerin accidents, aren 
they? 

He adjusted the steak a little so that it covered the 
worst of the bruising. 

Come on, Hagrid, tell us what youve been up to! 
said Ron. Tell us about being attacked by the giants 
and Harry can tell you about being attacked by the 
dementors   

Hagrid choked in his mug and dropped his steak at 
the same time; a large quantity of spit, tea, and 
dragon blood was sprayed over the table as Hagrid 
coughed and spluttered and the steak slid, with a soft 
splat, onto the floor. 

Whadda yeh mean, attacked by dementors? growled 
Hagrid. 

Didnt you know? Hermione asked him, wideeyed. 

I don know anything thats been happenin since I 
left. I was on a secret mission, wasn I, didn wan 
owls followin me all over the place  ruddy 
dementors! Yehre not serious? 

Yeah, I am, they turned up in Little Whinging and 
attacked my cousin and me, and then the Ministry of 
Magic expelled me   

WHAT? 

  and I had to go to a hearing and everything, but 
tell us about the giants first. 

You were expelled? 



  542Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tell us about your summer and Ill tell you about 
mine. 

Hagrid glared at him through his one open eye. Harry 
looked right back, an expression of innocent 
determination on his face. 

Oh, all righ, Hagrid said in a resigned voice. 

He bent down and tugged the dragon steak out of 
Fangs mouth. 

Oh, Hagrid, dont, its not hygien   Hermione 
began, but Hagrid had already slapped the meat back 
over his swollen eye. He took another fortifying gulp of 
tea and then said, Well, we set off righ after term 
ended   

Madame Maxime went with you, then? Hermione 
interjected. 

Yeah, thas right, said Hagrid, and a softened 
expression appeared on the few inches of face that 
were not obscured by beard or green steak. Yeah, it 
was jus the pair of us. An Ill tell yeh this, shes not 
afraid of roughin it, Olympe. Yeh know, shes a fine, 
welldressed woman, an knowin where we was goin I 
wondered ow shed feel abou clamberin over 
boulders an sleepin in caves an tha, bu she never 
complained once. 

You knew where you were going? Harry asked. You 
knew where the giants were? 

Well, Dumbledore knew, an he told us, said Hagrid. 

Are they hidden? asked Ron. Is it a secret, where 
they are? 



  543Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Not really, said Hagrid, shaking his shaggy head. 

Its jus that mos wizards aren bothered where they 
are, s long as its a good long way away. But where 
they ares very difficult ter get ter, fer humans 
anyway, so we needed Dumbledores instructions. 
Took us abou a month ter get there   

A month? said Ron, as though he had never heard of 
a journey lasting such a ridiculously long time. But 
 why couldnt you just grab a Portkey or 
something? 

There was an odd expression in Hagrids unobscured 
eye as he squinted at Ron; it was almost pitying. 

Were bein watched, Ron, he said gruffly. 

What dyou mean? 

Yeh don understand, said Hagrid. The Ministrys 
keepin an eye on Dumbledore an anyone they 
reckons in league with him, an   

We know about that, said Harry quickly, keen to 
hear the rest of Hagrids story. We know about the 
Ministry watching Dumbledore   

So you couldnt use magic to get there? asked Ron, 
looking thunderstruck. You had to act like Muggles 
all the way? 

Well, not exactly all the way, said Hagrid cagily. We 
jus had ter be careful, cause Olympe an me, we 
stick out a bit   

Ron made a stifled noise somewhere between a snort 
and a sniff and hastily took a gulp of tea. 



  544Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




  so were not hard ter follow. We was pretendin we 
was goin on holiday together, so we got inter France 
an we made like we was headin fer where Olympes 
school is, cause we knew we was bein tailed by 
someone from the Ministry. We had to go slow, cause 
Im not really s posed ter use magic an we knew the 
Ministryd be lookin fer a reason ter run us in. But 
we managed ter give the berk tailin us the slip round 
abou DeeJohn   

Ooooh, Dijon? said Hermione excitedly. Ive been 
there on holiday, did you see  ? 

She fell silent at the look on Rons face. 

We chanced a bit o magic after that, and it wasn a 
bad journey. Ran inter a couple o mad trolls on the 
Polish border, an I had a sligh disagreement with a 
vampire in a pub in Minsk, but apart from tha, 
couldnta bin smoother. 

An then we reached the place, an we started 
trekkin up through the mountains, lookin fer signs 
of em . . . 

We had ter lay off the magic once we got near em. 
Partly cause they don like wizards an we didn want 
ter put their backs up too soon, and partly cause 
Dumbledore had warned us YouKnowWho was 
bound ter be after the giants an all. Said it was odds 
on hed sent a messenger off ter them already. Told us 
ter be very careful of drawin attention ter ourselves 
as we got nearer in case there was Death Eaters 
around. 

Hagrid paused for a long draft of tea. 

Go on! said Harry urgently. 



  545Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Found em, said Hagrid baldly. Went over a ridge 
one nigh an there they was, spread ou underneath 
us. Little fires burnin below an huge shadows ... It 
was like watchin bits o the mountain movin. 

How big are they? asked Ron in a hushed voice. 

 T3out twenty feet, said Hagrid casually. Some o 
the bigger ones mighta bin twentyfive. 

And how many were there? asked Harry. 

I reckon abou seventy or eighty, said Hagrid. 

Is that all? said Hermione. 

Yep, said Hagrid sadly, eighty left, an there was 
loads once, musta bin a hundred diffrent tribes from 
all over the world. But theyve bin dyin out fer ages. 
Wizards killed a few, o course, but mostly they killed 
each other, an now theyre dyin out faster than ever. 
Theyre not made ter live bunched up together like 
tha. Dumbledore says its our fault, it was the 
wizards who forced em to go an made em live a good 
long way from us an they had no choice but ter stick 
together fer their own protection. 

So, said Harry, you saw them and then what? 

Well, we waited till morning, didn want ter go 
sneakin up on em in the dark, fer our own safety, 
said Hagrid.  Bout three in the mornin they fell 
asleep jus where they was sittin. We didn dare sleep. 
Fer one thing, we wanted ter make sure none of em 
woke up an came up where we were, an fer another, 
the snorin was unbelievable. Caused an avalanche 
near mornin. 

Anyway, once it was light we wen down ter see em. 

  546Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Just like that? said Ron, looking awestruck. You 
just walked right into a giant camp? 

Well, Dumbledored told us how ter do it, said 
Hagrid. Give the Gurg gifts, show some respect, yeh 
know. 

Give the what gifts? asked Harry. 

Oh, the Gurg  means the chief. 

How could you tell which one was the Gurg? asked 
Ron. 

Hagrid grunted in amusement. 

No problem, he said. He was the biggest, the 
ugliest, an the laziest. Sittin there waitin ter be 
brought food by the others. Dead goats an such like. 
Name o Karkus. Id put him at twentytwo, twenty 
three feet, an the weight of a couple o bull elephants. 
Skin like rhino hide an all. 

And you just walked up to him? said Hermione 
breathlessly. 

Well ... down ter him, where he was lyin in the 
valley. They was in this dip between four pretty high 
mountains, see, beside a mountain lake, an Karkus 
was lyin by the lake roarin at the others ter feed him 
an his wife. Olympe an I went down the 
mountainside   

But didnt they try and kill you when they saw you? 
asked Ron incredulously. 

It was defnitely on some of their minds, said 
Hagrid, shrugging, but we did what Dumbledore told 
us ter do, which was ter hold our gift up high an 

  547Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




keep our eyes on the Gurg an ignore the others. So 
thas what we did. An the rest of em went quiet an 
watched us pass an we got right up ter Karkuss feet 
an we bowed an put our present down in front o 
him. 

What do you give a giant? asked Ron eagerly. 

Food? 

Nah, he can get food all righ fer himself, said 
Hagrid. We took him magic. Giants like magic, jus 
dont like us usin it against em. Anyway, that firs 
day we gave him a branch o Gubraithian fire. 

Hermione said wow softly, but Harry and Ron both 
frowned in puzzlement. 

A branch of  ? 

Everlasting fire, said Hermione irritably, you ought 
to know that by now, Professor Flitwicks mentioned it 
at least twice in class! 

Well anyway, said Hagrid quickly, intervening before 
Ron could answer back, Dumbledored bewitched 
this branch to burn evermore, which isn somethin 
any wizard could do, an so I lies it down in the snow 
by Karkuss feet and says, A gift to the Gurg of the 
giants from Albus Dumbledore, who sends his 
respectful greetings.  

And what did Karkus say? asked Harry eagerly. 
Nothin, said Hagrid. Didn speak English. 

Youre kidding! 

Didn matter, said Hagrid imperturbably, 
Dumbledore had warned us tha migh happen. 

  548Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Karkus knew enough to yell fer a couple o giants who 
knew our lingo an they translated fer us. 



And did he like the present? asked Ron. 

Oh yeah, it went down a storm once they understood 
what it was, said Hagrid, turning his dragon steak 
over to press the cooler side to his swollen eye. Very 
pleased. So then I said, Altars Dumbledore asks the 
Gurg to speak with his messenger when he returns 
tomorrow with another gift.  

Why couldnt you speak to them that day? asked 
Hermione. 

Dumbledore wanted us ter take it very slow, said 
Hagrid. Let em see we kept our promises. Well come 
back tomorrow with another present, an then we do 
come back with another present  gives a good 
impression, see? An gives them time ter test out the 
firs present an find out its a good one, an get em 
eager fer more. In any case, giants like Karkus  
overload em with information an theyll kill yeh jus 
to simplify things. So we bowed outta the way an 
went off an found ourselves a nice little cave ter 
spend that night in, an the followin mornin we went 
back an this time we found Karkus sittin up waitin 
fer us lookin all eager. 

And you talked to him? 

Oh yeah. Firs we presented him with a nice battle 
helmet  goblinmade an indestructible, yeh know  
an then we sat down an we talked. 

What did he say? 

Not much, said Hagrid. Listened mostly. But there 
were good signs. Hed heard o Dumbledore, heard 

  549Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hed argued against the killin of the last giants in 
Britain. Karkus seemed ter be quite intrested in what 
Dumbledore had ter say. An a few o the others, 
specially the ones who had some English, they 
gathered round an listened too. We were hopeful 
when we left that day. Promised ter come back next 
day with another present. 

But that night it all wen wrong. 

What dyou mean? said Ron quickly. 

Well, like I say, theyre not meant ter live together, 
giants, said Hagrid sadly. Not in big groups like 
that. They can help themselves, they half kill each 
other every few weeks. The men fight each other an 
the women fight each other, the remnants of the old 
tribes fight each other, an thats even without 
squabbles over food an the best fires an sleepin 
spots. Yehd think, seein as how their whole race is 
abou finished, theyd lay off each other, but ... 

Hagrid sighed deeply 

That night a fight broke out, we saw it from the 
mouth of our cave, lookin down on the valley. Went 
on fer hours, yeh wouldn believe the noise. An when 
the sun came up the snow was scarlet an his head 
was lyin at the bottom o the lake. 

Whose head? gasped Hermione. 

Karkuss, said Hagrid heavily. There was a new 
Gurg, Golgomath. He sighed deeply. Well, we hadn 
bargained on a new Gurg two days after wed made 
friendly contact with the firs one, an we had a funny 
feelin Golgomath wouldn be so keen ter listen to us, 
but we had ter try. 



  550Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You went to speak to him? asked Ron incredulously. 
After youd watched him rip off another giants 
head? 

 Course we did, said Hagrid, we hadn gone all that 
way ter give up after two days! We wen down with the 
next present wed meant ter give ter Karkus. 

I knew it was no go before Id opened me mouth. He 
was sitting there wearin Karkus s helmet, leerin at 
us as we got nearer. Hes massive, one o the biggest 
ones there. Black hair an matchin teeth an a 
necklace o bones. Humanlookin bones, some of em. 
Well, I gave it a go  held out a great roll o dragon 
skin  an said A gift fer the Gurg of the giants   
Nex thing I knew, I was hangin upside down in the 
air by me feet, two of his mates had grabbed me. 

Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth. 

How did you get out of that? asked Harry. 

Wouldnta done if Olympe hadn bin there, said 
Hagrid. She pulled out her wand an did some o the 
fastes spellwork Ive ever seen. Ruddy marvelous. Hit 
the two holdin me right in the eyes with 
Conjunctivitus Curses an they dropped me 
straightaway  bu we were in trouble then, cause 
wed used magic against em, an thats what giants 
hate abou wizards. We had ter leg it an we knew 
there was no way we was going ter be able ter march 
inter camp again. 

Blimey, Hagrid, said Ron quietly. 

So how come its taken you so long to get home if you 
were only there for three days? asked Hermione. 



  551Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




We didn leave after three days! said Hagrid, looking 
outraged. Dumbledore was relyin on us! 



But youve just said there was no way you could go 
back! 

Not by daylight, we couldn, no. We just had ter 
rethink a bit. Spent a couple o days lyin low up in 
the cave an watchin. An wha we saw wasn good. 

Did he rip off more heads? asked Hermione, 
sounding squeamish. 

No, said Hagrid. I wish he had. 

What dyou mean? 

I mean we soon found out he didn object ter all 
wizards  just us. 

Death Eaters? said Harry quickly. 

Yep, said Hagrid darkly. Couple of em were visitin 
him evry day, bringin gifts ter the Gurg, an he wasn 
dangling them upside down. 

How dyou know they were Death Eaters? said Ron. 

Because I recognized one of em, Hagrid growled. 
Macnair, remember him? Bloke they sent ter kill 
Buckbeak? Maniac, he is. Likes killin as much as 
Golgomath, no wonder they were gettin on so well. 

So Macnairs persuaded the giants to join YouKnow 
Who? said Hermione desperately. 

Hold yer hippogriffs, I haven finished me story yet! 
said Hagrid indignantly, who, considering he had not 
wanted to tell them anything in the first place, now 

  552Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




seemed to be rather enjoying himself. Me an Olympe 
talked it over an we agreed, jus cause the Gurg 
looked like favorin YouKnowWho didn mean all of 
em would. We had ter try an persuade some o the 
others, the ones who hadn wanted Golgomath as 
Gurg. 

How could you tell which ones they were? asked 
Ron. 

Well, they were the ones bein beaten to a pulp, 
weren they? said Hagrid patiently. The ones with 
any sense were keepin outta Golgomath s way, hidin 
out in caves roun the gully jus like we were. So we 
decided wed go pokin round the caves by night an 
see if we couldn persuade a few o them. 

You went poking around dark caves looking for 
giants? said Ron with awed respect in his voice. 

Well, it wasn the giants who worried us most, said 
Hagrid. We were more concerned abou the Death 
Eaters. Dumbledore had told us before we wen not 
ter tangle with em if we could avoid it, an the trouble 
was they knew we was around  spect Golgomath 
told him abou us. At night when the giants were 
sleepin an we wanted ter be creepin inter the caves, 
Macnair an the other one were sneakin round the 
mountains lookin fer us. I was hard put to stop 
Olympe jumpin out at them, said Hagrid, the 
corners of his mouth lifting his wild beard. She was 
rarin ter attack em... shes somethin when shes 
roused, Olympe... Fiery, yeh know ... spect its the 
French in her ... 

Hagrid gazed mistyeyed into the fire. Harry allowed 
him thirty seconds reminiscence before clearing his 
throat loudly. 



  553Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




So what happened? Did you ever get near any of the 
other giants? 

What? Oh ... oh yeah, we did. Yeah, on the third 
night after Karkus was killed, we crept outta the cave 
wed bin hidin in and headed back down inter the 
gully, keepin our eyes skinned fer the Death Eaters. 
Got inside a few o the caves, no go  then, in abou 
the sixth one, we found three giants hidin. 

Cave mustve been cramped, said Ron. 

Wasn room ter swing a kneazle, said Hagrid. 

Didnt they attack you when they saw you? asked 
Hermione. 

Probably woulda done if theyd bin in any condition, 
said Hagrid, but they was badly hurt, all three o 
them. Golgomaths lot had beaten em unconscious; 
theyd woken up an crawled inter the nearest shelter 
they could find. Anyway, one o them had a bit of 
English an e translated fer the others, an what we 
had ter say didn seem ter go down too badly. So we 
kep goin back, visitin the wounded... I reckon we 
had abou six or seven o them convinced at one 
poin. 

Six or seven? said Ron eagerly. Well thats not bad 
 are they going to come over here and start fighting 
YouKnowWho with us? 

But Hermione said, What do you mean at one point, 
Hagrid? 

Hagrid looked at her sadly. 



  554Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Golgomaths lot raided the caves. The ones tha 
survived didn wan no more ter to do with us after 
that. 

So ... so there arent any giants coming? said Ron, 
looking disappointed. 

Nope, said Hagrid, heaving a deep sigh as he turned 
over his steak again and applied the cooler side to his 
face, but we did wha we meant ter do, we gave em 
Dumbledores message an some o them heard it an I 
spect some o themll remember it. Jus maybe, them 
that don want ter stay around Golgomathll move 
outta the mountains, an theres gotta be a chance 
theyll remember Dumbledores friendly to em... 

Could be theyll come ... 

Snow was filling up the window now. Harry became 
aware that the knees of his robes were soaked 
through; Fang was drooling with his head in Harrys 
lap. 

Hagrid? said Hermione quietly after a while. 

Mmm? 

Did you ... was there any sign of ... did you hear 
anything about your . . . your . . . mother while you were 
there? 

Hagrids unobscured eye rested upon her, and 
Hermione looked rather scared. 

Im sorry ... I ... forget it   

Dead, Hagrid grunted. Died years ago. They told 
me. 



  555Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh ... Im ... Im really sorry, said Hermione in a 
very small voice. 



Hagrid shrugged his massive shoulders. No need, he 
said shortly. Can remember her much. Wasn a great 
mother. 

They were silent again. Hermione glanced nervously 
at Harry and Ron, plainly wanting them to speak. 

But you still havent explained how you got in this 
state, Hagrid, Ron said, gesturing toward Hagrids 
bloodstained face. 

Or why youre back so late, said Harry. Sirius says 
Madame Maxime got back ages ago   

Who attacked you? said Ron. 

I haven bin attacked! said Hagrid emphatically. I  



But the rest of his words were drowned in a sudden 
outbreak of rapping on the door. Hermione gasped; 
her mug slipped through her fingers and smashed on 
the floor; Fang yelped. All four of them stared at the 
window beside the doorway. The shadow of somebody 
small and squat rippled across the thin curtain. 

Its her\ Ron whispered. 

Get under here! Harry said quickly; seizing the 
Invisibility Cloak he whirled it over himself and 
Hermione while Ron tore around the table and dived 
beneath the cloak as well. Huddled together they 
backed away into a corner. Fang was barking madly 
at the door. Hagrid looked thoroughly confused. 

Hagrid, hide our mugs! 

  556Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hagrid seized Harrys and Rons mugs and shoved 
them under the cushion in Fangs basket. Fang was 
now leaping up at the door; Hagrid pushed him out of 
the way with his foot and pulled it open. 

Professor Umbridge was standing in the doorway 
wearing her green tweed cloak and a matching hat 
with earflaps. Lips pursed, she leaned back so as to 
see Hagrids face; she barely reached his navel. 

So, she said slowly and loudly, as though speaking 
to somebody deaf. Youre Hagrid, are you? 

Without waiting for an answer she strolled into the 
room, her bulging eyes rolling in every direction. 

Get away, she snapped, waving her handbag at 
Fang, who had bounded up to her and was 
attempting to lick her face. 

Er  I don want ter be rude, said Hagrid, staring at 
her, but who the ruddy hell are you? 

My name is Dolores Umbridge. 

Her eyes were sweeping the cabin. Twice they stared 
directly into the corner where Harry stood, 
sandwiched between Ron and Hermione. 

Dolores Umbridge? Hagrid said, sounding 
thoroughly confused. I thought you were one o them 
Ministry  don you work with Fudge? 

I was Senior Undersecretary to the Minister, yes, 
said Umbridge, now pacing around the cabin, taking 
in every tiny detail within, from the haversack against 
the wall to the abandoned traveling cloak. I am now 
the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher   



  557Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Thas brave of yeh, said Hagrid, theres not manyd 
take tha job anymore   

  and Hogwarts High Inquisitor, said Umbridge, 
giving no sign that she had heard him. 

Whas that? said Hagrid, frowning. 

Precisely what I was going to ask, said Umbridge, 
pointing at the broken shards of china on the floor 
that had been Hermiones mug. 

Oh, said Hagrid, with a most unhelpful glance 
toward the corner where Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
stood hidden, oh, tha was ... was Fang. He broke a 
mug. So I had ter use this one instead. 

Hagrid pointed to the mug from which he had been 
drinking, one hand still clamped over the dragon 
steak pressed to his eye. Umbridge stood facing him 
now, taking in every detail of his appearance instead 
of the cabins. 

I heard voices, she said quietly. 

I was talkin ter Fang, said Hagrid stoutly. 

And was he talking back to you? 

Well ... in a manner o speakin, said Hagrid, looking 
uncomfortable. I sometimes say Fangs near enough 
human   

There are three sets of footprints in the snow leading 
from the castle doors to your cabin, said Umbridge 
sleekly. 

Hermione gasped; Harry clapped a hand over her 
mouth. Luckily, Fang was sniffing loudly around the 

  558Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hem of Professor Umbridges robes, and she did not 
appear to have heard. 

Well, I ony jus got back, said Hagrid, waving an 
enormous hand at the haversack. Maybe someone 
came ter call earlier an I missed em. 

There are no footsteps leading away from your cabin 
door. 

Well I ... I don know why thatd be... said Hagrid, 
tugging nervously at his beard and again glancing 
toward the corner where Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
stood, as though asking for help. Erm ... 

Umbridge wheeled around and strode the length of 
the cabin, looking around carefully. She bent and 
peered under the bed. She opened Hagrid s 
cupboards. She passed within two inches of where 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood pressed against the 
wall; Harry actually pulled in his stomach as she 
walked by. After looking carefully inside the 
enormous cauldron Hagrid used for cooking she 
wheeled around again and said, What has happened 
to you? How did you sustain those injuries? 

Hagrid hastily removed the dragon steak from his 
face, which in Harrys opinion was a mistake, because 
the blackandpurple bruising all around his eye was 
now clearly visible, not to mention the large amount 
of fresh and congealed blood on his face. Oh, I ... had 
a bit of an accident, he said lamely. 

What sort of accident? 

II tripped. 

You tripped, she repeated coolly. 



  559Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, thas right. Over ... over a friends broomstick. I 
don fly, meself. Well, look at the size o me, I don 
reckon theres a broomstick thatd hold me. Friend o 
mine breeds Abraxan horses, I dunno if youve ever 
seen em, big beasts, winged, yeh know, Ive had a bit 
of a ride on one o them an it was   

Where have you been? asked Umbridge, cutting 
coolly through Hagrids babbling. 

Where ve I ... ? 

Been, yes, she said. Term started more than two 
months ago. Another teacher has had to cover your 
classes. None of your colleagues has been able to give 
me any information as to your whereabouts. You left 
no address. Where have you been? 

There was a pause in which Hagrid stared at her with 
his newly uncovered eye. Harry could almost hear his 
brain working furiously. 

I  Ive been away for me health, he said. 

For your health, said Umbridge. Her eyes traveled 
over Hagrids discolored and swollen face; dragon 
blood dripped gently onto his waistcoat in the silence. 
I see. 

Yeah, said Hagrid, bit o  o fresh air, yeh know  



Yes, as gamekeeper fresh air must be so difficult to 
come by, said Umbridge sweetly. The small patch of 
Hagrids face that was not black or purple flushed. 

Well  change o scene, yeh know   

Mountain scenery? said Umbridge swiftly. 

  560Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She knows, Harry thought desperately. 

Mountains? Hagrid repeated, clearly thinking fast. 
Nope, South of France fer me. Bit o sun an ... an 
sea. 

Really? said Umbridge. You dont have much of a 
tan. 

Yeah ... well ... sensitive skin, said Hagrid, 
attempting an ingratiating smile. Harry noticed that 
two of his teeth had been knocked out. Umbridge 
looked at him coldly; his smile faltered. Then she 
hoisted her handbag a little higher into the crook of 
her arm and said, I shall, of course, be informing the 
Minister of your late return. 

Righ, said Hagrid, nodding. 

You ought to know too that as High Inquisitor it is 
my unfortunate but necessary duty to inspect my 
fellow teachers. So I daresay we shall meet again soon 
enough. 

She turned sharply and marched back to the door. 

Youre inspectin us? Hagrid echoed blankly, looking 
after her. 

Oh yes, said Umbridge softly, looking back at him 
with her hand on the door handle. The Ministry is 
determined to weed out unsatisfactory teachers, 
Hagrid. Good night. 

She left, closing the door behind her with a snap. 
Harry made to pull off the Invisibility Cloak but 
Hermione seized his wrist. 



  561Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Not yet, she breathed in his ear. She might not be 
gone yet. 

Hagrid seemed to be thinking the same way; he 
stumped across the room and pulled back the curtain 
an inch or so. 

Shes goin back ter the castle, he said in a low 
voice. Blimey ... inspectin people, is she? 

Yeah, said Harry, pulling the cloak off. Trelawneys 
on probation already... 

Um ... what sort of thing are you planning to do with 
us in class, Hagrid? asked Hermione. 

Oh, don you worry abou that, Ive got a great load o 
lessons planned, said Hagrid enthusiastically, 
scooping up his dragon steak from the table and 
slapping it over his eye again. Ive bin keepin a 
couple o creatures saved fer yer O.W.L. year, you 
wait, theyre somethin really special. 

Erm . . . special in what way? asked Hermione 
tentatively. 

Im not sayin, said Hagrid happily. I don want ter 
spoil the surprise. 

Look, Hagrid, said Hermione urgently, dropping all 
pretense, Professor Umbridge wont be at all happy if 
you bring anything to class thats too dangerous   

Dangerous? said Hagrid, looking genially bemused. 
Don be silly, I wouldn give yeh anythin dangerous! I 
mean, all righ, they can look after themselves   

Hagrid, youve got to pass Umbridges inspection, 
and to do that it would really be better if she saw you 

  562Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




teaching us how to look after porlocks, how to tell the 
difference between knarls and hedgehogs, stuff like 
that! said Hermione earnestly. 

But thas not very interestin, Hermione, said 
Hagrid. The stuff Ive gots much more impressive, 

Ive bin bringin em on fer years, I reckon Ive got the 
ony domestic herd in Britain   

Hagrid ... please ... said Hermione, a note of real 
desperation in her voice. Umbridge is looking for any 
excuse to get rid of teachers she thinks are too close 
to Dumbledore. Please, Hagrid, teach us something 
dull thats bound to come up in our O.W.L... 

But Hagrid merely yawned widely and cast a oneeyed 
look of longing toward the vast bed in the corner. 

Lisen, its bin a long day an its late, he said, 
patting Hermione gently on the shoulder, so that her 
knees gave way and hit the floor with a thud. Oh  
sorry   He pulled her back up by the neck of her 
robes. Look, don you go worryin abou me, I promise 
yeh Ive got really good stuff planned fer yer lessons 
now Im back... Now you lot had better get back up to 
the castle, an don forget ter wipe yer footprints out 
behind yeh! 

I dunno if you got through to him, said Ron a short 
while later when, having checked that the coast was 
clear, they walked back up to the castle through the 
thickening snow, leaving no trace behind them due to 
the Obliteration Charm Hermione was performing as 
they went. 

Then Ill go back again tomorrow, said Hermione 
determinedly. Ill plan his lessons for him if I have to. 
I dont care if she throws out Trelawney but shes not 
taking Hagrid! 

  563Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE EYE OF THE SNAKE 

Hermione plowed her way back to Hagrids cabin 
through two feet of snow on Sunday morning. Harry 
and Ron wanted to go with her, but their mountain of 
homework had reached an alarming height again, so 
they grudgingly remained in the common room, trying 
to ignore the gleeful shouts drifting up from the 
grounds outside, where students were enjoying 
themselves skating on the frozen lake, tobogganing, 
and worst of all, bewitching snowballs to zoom up to 
Gryffindor Tower and rap hard on the windows. 

Oy! bellowed Ron, finally losing patience and 
sticking his head out of the window, I am a prefect 
and if one more snowball hits this window  OUCH! 

He withdrew his head sharply, his face covered in 
snow. 

Its Fred and George, he said bitterly, slamming the 
window behind him. Gits ... 



  564Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Hermione returned from Hagrids just before lunch, 
shivering slightly, her robes damp to the knees. 



So? said Ron, looking up when she entered. Got all 
his lessons planned for him? 

Well, I tried, she said dully, sinking into a chair 
beside Harry. She pulled out her wand and gave it a 
complicated little wave so that hot air streamed out of 
the tip; she then pointed this at her robes, which 
began to steam as they dried out. He wasnt even 
there when I arrived, I was knocking for at least half 
an hour. And then he came stumping out of the forest 



Harry groaned. The Forbidden Forest was teeming 
with the kind of creatures most likely to get Hagrid 
the sack. Whats he keeping in there? Did he say? 
asked Harry. 

No, said Hermione miserably. He says he wants 
them to be a surprise. I tried to explain about 
Umbridge, but he just doesnt get it. He kept saying 
nobody in their right mind would rather study knarls 
than chimaeras  oh I dont think hes got a 
chimaera, she added at the appalled look on Harry 
and Rons faces, but thats not for lack of trying from 
what he said about how hard it is to get eggs... I dont 
know how many times I told him hed be better off 
following GrubblyPlanks plan, I honestly dont think 
he listened to half of what I said. Hes in a bit of a 
funny mood, you know. He still wont say how he got 
all those injuries... 

Hagrids reappearance at the staff table at breakfast 
next day was not greeted by enthusiasm from all 
students. Some, like Fred, George, and Lee, roared 
with delight and sprinted up the aisle between the 
Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables to wring Hagrids 
  565Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




enormous hand; others, like Parvati and Lavender, 
exchanged gloomy looks and shook their heads. Harry 
knew that many of them preferred Professor Grubbly 
Planks lessons, and the worst of it was that a very 
small, unbiased part of him knew that they had good 
reason: GrubblyPlanks idea of an interesting class 
was not one where there was a risk that somebody 
might have their head ripped off. 

It was with a certain amount of apprehension that 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione headed down to Hagrids 
on Tuesday, heavily muffled against the cold. Harry 
was worried, not only about what Hagrid might have 
decided to teach them, but also about how the rest of 
the class, particularly Malfoy and his cronies, would 
behave if Umbridge was watching them. 

However, the High Inquisitor was nowhere to be seen 
as they struggled through the snow toward Hagrid, 
who stood waiting for them on the edge of the forest. 
He did not present a reassuring sight; the bruises 
that had been purple on Saturday night were now 
tinged with green and yellow and some of his cuts still 
seemed to be bleeding. Harry could not understand 
this: Had Hagrid perhaps been attacked by some 
creature whose venom prevented the wounds it 
inflicted from healing? As though to complete the 
ominous picture, Hagrid was carrying what looked 
like half a dead cow over his shoulder. 

Were workin in here today! Hagrid called happily to 
the approaching students, jerking his head back at 
the dark trees behind him. Bit more sheltered! 
Anyway, they prefer the dark... 

What prefers the dark? Harry heard Malfoy say 
sharply to Crabbe and Goyle, a trace of panic in his 
voice. What did he say prefers the dark  did you 
hear? 

  566Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry remembered the only occasion on which Malfoy 
had entered the forest before now; he had not been 
very brave then either. He smiled to himself; after the 
Quidditch match anything that caused Malfoy 
discomfort was all right with him. 

Ready? said Hagrid happily, looking around at the 
class. Right, well, Ive bin savin a trip inter the forest 
fer yer fifth year. Thought wed go an see these 
creatures in their natural habitat. Now, what were 
studyin today is pretty rare, I reckon Im probably the 
ony person in Britain whos managed ter train em   

And youre sure theyre trained, are you? said 
Malfoy, the panic in his voice even more pronounced 
now. Only it wouldnt be the first time youd brought 
wild stuff to class, would it? 

The Slytherins murmured agreement and a few 
Gryffindors looked as though they thought Malfoy had 
a fair point too. 

 Course theyre trained, said Hagrid, scowling and 
hoisting the dead cow a little higher on his shoulder. 

So what happened to your face, then? demanded 
Malfoy. 

Mind yer own business! said Hagrid, angrily. Now if 
yehve finished askin stupid questions, follow me! 

He turned and strode straight into the forest. Nobody 
seemed much disposed to follow. Harry glanced at 
Ron and Hermione, who sighed but nodded, and the 
three of them set off after Hagrid, leading the rest of 
the class. 

They walked for about ten minutes until they reached 
a place where the trees stood so closely together that 

  567Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




it was as dark as twilight and there was no snow on 
the ground at all. Hagrid deposited his half a cow with 
a grunt on the ground, stepped back, and turned to 
face his class again, most of whom were creeping 
toward him from tree to tree, peering around 
nervously as though expecting to be set upon at any 
moment. 

Gather roun, gather roun, said Hagrid 
encouragingly. Now, theyll be attracted by the smell 
o the meat but Im goin ter give em a call anyway, 
cause theyll like ter know its me... 

He turned, shook his shaggy head to get the hair out 
of his face, and gave an odd, shrieking cry that 
echoed through the dark trees like the call of some 
monstrous bird. Nobody laughed; most of them 
looked too scared to make a sound. 

Hagrid gave the shrieking cry again. A minute passed 
in which the class continued to peer nervously over 
their shoulders and around trees for a first glimpse of 
whatever it was that was coming. And then, as Hagrid 
shook his hair back for a third time and expanded his 
enormous chest, Harry nudged Ron and pointed into 
the black space between two gnarled yew trees. 

A pair of blank, white, shining eyes were growing 
larger through the gloom and a moment later the 
dragonish face, neck, and then skeletal body of a 
great, black, winged horse emerged from the 
darkness. It looked around at the class for a few 
seconds, swishing its long black tail, then bowed its 
head and began to tear flesh from the dead cow with 
its pointed fangs. 

A great wave of relief broke over Harry. Here at last 
was proof that he had not imagined these creatures, 
that they were real: Hagrid knew about them too. He 

  568Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




looked eagerly at Ron, but Ron was still staring 
around into the trees and after a few seconds he 
whispered, Why doesnt Hagrid call again? 

Most of the rest of the class were wearing expressions 
as confused and nervously expectant as Rons and 
were still gazing everywhere but at the horse standing 
feet from them. There were only two other people who 
seemed to be able to see them: a stringy Slytherin boy 
standing just behind Goyle was watching the horse 
eating with an expression of great distaste on his face, 
and Neville, whose eyes were following the swishing 
progress of the long black tail. 

Oh, an here comes another one! said Hagrid 
proudly, as a second black horse appeared out of the 
dark trees, folded its leathery wings closer to its body, 
and dipped its head to gorge on the meat. Now ... put 
yer hands up, who can see em? 

Immensely pleased to feel that he was at last going to 
understand the mystery of these horses, Harry raised 
his hand. Hagrid nodded at him. 

Yeah ... yeah, I knew youd be able ter, Harry, he 
said seriously. An you too, Neville, eh? An   

Excuse me, said Malfoy in a sneering voice, but 
what exactly are we supposed to be seeing? 

For answer, Hagrid pointed at the cow carcass on the 
ground. The whole class stared at it for a few seconds, 
then several people gasped and Parvati squealed. 
Harry understood why: Bits of flesh stripping 
themselves away from the bones and vanishing into 
thin air had to look very odd indeed. 



  569Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Whats doing it? Parvati demanded in a terrified 
voice, retreating behind the nearest tree. Whats 
eating it? 

Thestrals, said Hagrid proudly and Hermione gave a 
soft oh! of comprehension at Harrys shoulder. 
Hogwarts has got a whole herd of em in here. Now, 
who knows  ? 

But theyre really, really unlucky! interrupted 
Parvati, looking alarmed. Theyre supposed to bring 
all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see 
them. Professor Trelawney told me once   

No, no, no, said Hagrid, chuckling, thas jus 
superstition, that is, they aren unlucky, theyre dead 
clever an useful! Course, this lot don get a lot o 
work, its mainly jus pullin the school carriages 
unless Dumbledores takin a long journey an don 
want ter Apparate  an heres another couple, look 



Two more horses came quietly out of the trees, one of 
them passing very close to Parvati, who shivered and 
pressed herself closer to the tree, saying, I think I felt 
something, I think its near me! 

Don worry, it won hurt yeh, said Hagrid patiently. 
Righ, now, who can tell me why some o you can see 
them an some cant? 

Hermione raised her hand. 

Go on then, said Hagrid, beaming at her. 

The only people who can see thestrals, she said, 

are people who have seen death. 



  570Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Thas exactly right, said Hagrid solemnly, ten 
points ter Gryffindor. Now, thestrals   

Hem, hem. 

Professor Umbridge had arrived. She was standing a 
few feet away from Harry, wearing her green hat and 
cloak again, her clipboard at the ready. Hagrid, who 
had never heard Umbridge s fake cough before, was 
gazing in some concern at the closest thestral, 
evidently under the impression that it had made the 
sound. 

Hem, hem. 

Oh hello! Hagrid said, smiling, having located the 
source of the noise. 

You received the note I sent to your cabin this 
morning? said Umbridge, in the same loud, slow 
voice she had used with him earlier, as though she 
was addressing somebody both foreign and very slow. 
Telling you that I would be inspecting your lesson? 

Oh yeah, said Hagrid brightly. Glad yeh found the 
place all righ! Well, as you can see  or, I dunno  
can you? Were doin thestrals today   

Im sorry? said Umbridge loudly, cupping her hand 
around her ear and frowning. What did you say? 

Hagrid looked a little confused. 

Er  thestralsl he said loudly. Big  er  winged 
horses, yeh know! 

He flapped his gigantic arms hopefully. Professor 
Umbridge raised her eyebrows at him and muttered 



  571Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




as she made a note on her clipboard,  has ... to ... 
resort ... to ... crude . . . sign . . . language  

Well ... anyway ... said Hagrid, turning back to the 
class and looking slightly flustered. Erm ... what was 
I sayin? 

 Appears ... to ... have . . . poor . . . short . . . term . . . 
memory  muttered Umbridge, loudly enough for 
everyone to hear her. Draco Malfoy looked as though 
Christmas had come a month early; Hermione, on the 
other hand, had turned scarlet with suppressed rage. 

Oh yeah, said Hagrid, throwing an uneasy glance at 
Umbridges clipboard, but plowing on valiantly. Yeah, 
I was gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, 
so, we started off with a male an five females. This 
one, he patted the first horse to have appeared, 

name o Tenebrus, hes my special favorite, firs one 
born here in the forest   

Are you aware, Umbridge said loudly, interrupting 
him, that the Ministry of Magic has classified 
thestrals as dangerous? 

Harrys heart sank like a stone, but Hagrid merely 
chuckled. 

Thestrals aren dangerous! All righ, they might take a 
bite outta you if yeh really annoy them   

 Shows . . . signs ... of ... pleasure ... at ... idea ...of 
... violence ...   muttered Umbridge, scribbling on her 
clipboard again. 

No  come on! said Hagrid, looking a little anxious 
now. I mean, a dogll bite if yeh bait it, won it  but 
thestrals have jus got a bad reputation because o the 



  572Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




death thing  people used ter think they were bad 
omens, didn they? Jus didn understand, did they? 



Umbridge did not answer; she finished writing her 
last note, then looked up at Hagrid and said, again 
very loudly and slowly, Please continue teaching as 
usual. I am going to walk  she mimed walking  
Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson were having silent fits of 
laughter  among the students  she pointed 
around at individual members of the class  and 
ask them questions. She pointed at her mouth to 
indicate talking. 

Hagrid stared at her, clearly at a complete loss to 
understand why she was acting as though he did not 
understand normal English. Hermione had tears of 
fury in her eyes now. 

You hag, you evil hag! she whispered, as Umbridge 
walked toward Pansy Parkinson. I know what youre 
doing, you awful, twisted, vicious   

Erm ... anyway, said Hagrid, clearly struggling to 
regain the flow of his lesson, so  thestrals. Yeah. 
Well, theres loads o good stuff abou them... 

Do you find, said Professor Umbridge in a ringing 
voice to Pansy Parkinson, that you are able to 
understand Professor Hagrid when he talks? 

Just like Hermione, Pansy had tears in her eyes, but 
these were tears of laughter; indeed, her answer was 
almost incoherent because she was trying to suppress 
her giggles. No ... because ... well ... it sounds ... like 
grunting a lot of the time... 

Umbridge scribbled on her clipboard. The few 
unbruised bits of Hagrid s face flushed, but he tried 
to act as though he had not heard Pansys answer. 

  573Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Er ... yeah ... good stuff abou thestrals. Well, once 
theyre tamed, like this lot, yehll never be lost again. 
Mazin senses o direction, jus tell em where yeh 
want ter go   

Assuming they can understand you, of course, said 
Malfoy loudly, and Pansy Parkinson collapsed in a fit 
of renewed giggles. Professor Umbridge smiled 
indulgently at them and then turned to Neville. 

You can see the thestrals, Longbottom, can you? 
she said. 

Neville nodded. 

Whom did you see die? she asked, her tone 
indifferent. 

My ... my grandad, said Neville. 

And what do you think of them? she said, waving 
her stubby hand at the horses, who by now had 
stripped a great deal of the carcass down to bone. 

Erm, said Neville nervously, with a glance at Hagrid. 
Well, theyre ... er ... okay... 

 Students ... are ... too ... intimidated ... to ... admit 
... they ... are ... frightened...  muttered Umbridge, 
making another note on her clipboard. 

No! said Neville, looking upset, no, Im not scared of 
them  ! 

Its quite all right, said Umbridge, patting Neville on 
the shoulder with what she evidently intended to be 
an understanding smile, though it looked more like a 
leer to Harry. Well, Hagrid, she turned to look up at 
him again, speaking once more in that loud, slow 
  574Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




voice, I think Ive got enough to be getting along 
with... You will receive  she mimed taking 
something from the air in front of her  the results 
of your inspection  she pointed at the clipboard  
in ten days time. She held up ten stubby little 
fingers, then, her smile wider and more toadlike than 
ever before beneath her green hat, she bustled from 
their midst, leaving Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson in 
fits of laughter, Hermione actually shaking with fury, 
and Neville looking confused and upset. 

That foul, lying, twisting old gargoyle! stormed 
Hermione half an hour later, as they made their way 
back up to the castle through the channels they had 
made earlier in the snow. You see what shes up to? 
Its her thing about halfbreeds all over again  shes 
trying to make out Hagrids some kind of dimwitted 
troll, just because he had a giantess for a mother  
and oh, its not fair, that really wasnt a bad lesson at 
all  I mean, all right, if it had been BlastEnded 
Skrewts again, but thestrals are fine  in fact, for 
Hagrid, theyre really good! 

Umbridge said theyre dangerous, said Ron. 

Well, its like Hagrid said, they can look after 
themselves, said Hermione impatiently, and I 
suppose a teacher like GrubblyPlank wouldnt 
usually show them to us before N.E.W.T. level, but, 
well, they are very interesting, arent they? The way 
some people can see them and some cant! I wish I 
could. 

Do you? Harry asked her quietly. 

She looked horrorstruck. 

Oh Harry  Im sorry  no, of course I dont  that 
was a really stupid thing to say   

  575Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Its okay, he said quickly, dont worry... 



Im surprised so many people could see them, said 
Ron. Three in a class   

Yeah, Weasley, we were just wondering, said a 
malicious voice nearby. Unheard by any of them in 
the muffling snow, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were 
walking along right behind them. Dyou reckon if you 
saw someone snuff it youd be able to see the Quaffle 
better? 

He, Crabbe, and Goyle roared with laughter as they 
pushed past on their way to the castle and then broke 
into a chorus of Weasley Is Our King. Rons ears 
turned scarlet. 

Ignore them, just ignore them, intoned Hermione, 
pulling out her wand and performing the charm to 
produce hot air again, so that she could melt them an 
easier path through the untouched snow between 
them and the greenhouses. 

December arrived, bringing with it more snow and a 
positive avalanche of homework for the fifth years. 

Ron and Hermione s prefect duties also became more 
and more onerous as Christmas approached. They 
were called upon to supervise the decoration of the 
castle (You try putting up tinsel when Peeves has got 
the other end and is trying to strangle you with it, 
said Ron), to watch over first and second years 
spending their break times inside because of the 
bitter cold (And theyre cheeky little snotrags, you 
know, we definitely werent that rude when we were in 
first year, said Ron), and to patrol the corridors in 
shifts with Argus Filch, who suspected that the 
holiday spirit might show itself in an outbreak of 
wizard duels (Hes got dung for brains, that one, 
said Ron furiously). They were so busy that Hermione 
  576Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




had stopped knitting elf hats and was fretting that 
she was down to her last three. 

All those poor elves I havent set free yet, having to 
stay over during Christmas because there arent 
enough hats! 

Harry, who had not had the heart to tell her that 
Dobby was taking everything she made, bent lower 
over his History of Magic essay. In any case, he did 
not want to think about Christmas. For the first time 
in his school career, he very much wanted to spend 
the holidays away from Hogwarts. Between his 
Quidditch ban and worry about whether or not 
Hagrid was going to be put on probation, he felt 
highly resentful toward the place at the moment. The 
only thing he really looked forward to were the D.A. 
meetings, and they would have to stop over the 
holidays, as nearly everybody in the D.A. would be 
spending the time with their families. Hermione was 
going skiing with her parents, something that greatly 
amused Ron, who had never before heard of Muggles 
strapping narrow strips of wood to their feet to slide 
down mountains. Ron, meanwhile, was going home to 
the Burrow. Harry endured several days of jealousy 
before Ron said, in response to Harry asking how Ron 
was going to get home for Christmas, But youre 
coming too! Didnt I say? Mum wrote and told me to 
invite you weeks ago! 

Hermione rolled her eyes, but Harrys spirits soared: 
The thought of Christmas at the Burrow was truly 
wonderful, only slightly marred by Harrys guilty 
feeling that he would not be able to spend the holiday 
with Sirius. He wondered whether he could possibly 
persuade Mrs. Weasley to invite his godfather for the 
festivities too, but apart from the fact that he doubted 
whether Dumbledore would permit Sirius to leave 
Grimmauld Place, he could not help but feel that Mrs. 
  577Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Weasley might not want him; they were so often at 
loggerheads. Sirius had not contacted Harry at all 
since his last appearance in the fire, and although 
Harry knew that with Umbridge on the constant 
watch it would be unwise to attempt to contact him, 
he did not like to think of Sirius alone in his mothers 
old house, perhaps pulling a lonely cracker with 
Kreacher. 

Harry arrived early in the Room of Requirement for 
the last D.A. meeting before the holidays and was 
very glad he had, because when the lamps burst into 
light he saw that Dobby had taken it upon himself to 
decorate the place for Christmas. He could tell the elf 
had done it, because nobody else would have strung a 
hundred golden baubles from the ceiling, each 
showing a picture of Harrys face and bearing the 
legend HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS! 

Harry had only just managed to get the last of them 
down before the door creaked open and Luna 
Lovegood entered, looking dreamy as always. 

Hello, she said vaguely, looking around at what 
remained of the decorations. These are nice, did you 
put them up? 

No, said Harry, it was Dobby the houseelf. 

Mistletoe, said Luna dreamily, pointing at a large 
clump of white berries placed almost over Harrys 
head. He jumped out from under it. Good thinking, 
said Luna very seriously. Its often infested with 
nargles. 

Harry was saved the necessity of asking what nargles 
were by the arrival of Angelina, Katie, and Alicia. All 
three of them were breathless and looked very cold. 



  578Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, said Angelina dully, pulling off her cloak and 
throwing it into a corner, weve replaced you. 



Replaced me? said Harry blankly. 

You and Fred and George, she said impatiently. 
Weve got another Seeker! 

Who? said Harry quickly. 

Ginny Weasley, said Katie. 

Harry gaped at her. 

Yeah, I know, said Angelina, pulling out her wand 
and flexing her arm. But shes pretty good, actually. 
Nothing on you, of course, she said, throwing him a 
very dirty look, but as we cant have you ... 

Harry bit back the retort he was longing to utter: Did 
she imagine for a second that he did not regret his 
expulsion from the team a hundred times more than 
she did? 

And what about the Beaters? he asked, trying to 
keep his voice even. 

Andrew Kirke, said Alicia without enthusiasm, and 
Jack Sloper. Neither of them are brilliant, but 
compared with the rest of the idiots who turned up 



The arrival of Ron, Hermione, and Neville brought this 
depressing discussion to an end and within five 
minutes, the room was full enough to prevent him 
seeing Angelinas burning, reproachful looks. 

Okay, he said, calling them all to order. I thought 
this evening we should just go over the things weve 

  579Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




done so far, because its the last meeting before the 
holidays and theres no point starting anything new 
right before a threeweek break   

Were not doing anything new? said Zacharias 
Smith, in a disgruntled whisper loud enough to carry 
through the room. If Id known that, I wouldnt have 
come... 

Were all really sorry Harry didnt tell you, then, said 
Fred loudly. 

Several people sniggered. Harry saw Cho laughing 
and felt the familiar swooping sensation in his 
stomach, as though he had missed a step going 
downstairs. 

We can practice in pairs, said Harry. Well start 
with the Impediment Jinx, just for ten minutes, then 
we can get out the cushions and try Stunning again. 

They all divided up obediently; Harry partnered 
Neville as usual. The room was soon full of 
intermittent cries of  Impedimental  People froze for a 
minute or so, during which their partners would stare 
aimlessly around the room watching other pairs at 
work, then would unfreeze and take their turn at the 
jinx. 

Neville had improved beyond all recognition. After a 
while, when Harry had unfrozen three times in a row, 
he had Neville join Ron and Hermione again so that 
he could walk around the room and watch the others. 
When he passed Cho she beamed at him; he resisted 
the temptation to walk past her several more times. 

After ten minutes on the Impediment Jinx, they laid 
out cushions all over the floor and started practicing 
Stunning again. Space was really too confined to 

  580Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




allow them all to work this spell at once; half the 
group observed the others for a while, then swapped 
over. Harry felt himself positively swelling with pride 
as he watched them all. True, Neville did Stun Padma 
Patil rather than Dean, at whom he had been aiming, 
but it was a much closer miss than usual, and 
everybody else had made enormous progress. 

At the end of an hour, Harry called a halt. 

Youre getting really good, he said, beaming around 
at them. When we get back from the holidays we can 
start doing some of the big stuff  maybe even 
Patronuses. 

There was a murmur of excitement. The room began 
to clear in the usual twos and threes; most people 
wished Harry a Happy Christmas as they went. 

Feeling cheerful, he collected up the cushions with 
Ron and Hermione and stacked them neatly away. 

Ron and Hermione left before he did; he hung back a 
little, because Cho was still there and he was hoping 
to receive a Merry Christmas from her. 

No, you go on, he heard her say to her friend 
Marietta, and his heart gave a jolt that seemed to take 
it into the region of his Adams apple. 

He pretended to be straightening the cushion pile. He 
was quite sure they were alone now and waited for 
her to speak. Instead, he heard a hearty sniff. 

He turned and saw Cho standing in the middle of the 
room, tears pouring down her face. 

Wha  ? 



He didnt know what to do. She was simply standing 
there, crying silently. 

  581Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Whats up? he said feebly. 



She shook her head and wiped her eyes on her sleeve. 
Im  sorry, she said thickly. I suppose ... its just 
... learning all this stuff... It just makes me ... wonder 
whether ... if hed known it all ... hed still be alive... 

Harrys heart sank right back past its usual spot and 
settled somewhere around his navel. He ought to have 
known. She wanted to talk about Cedric. 

He did know this stuff, Harry said heavily. He was 
really good at it, or he could never have got to the 
middle of that maze. But if Voldemort really wants to 
kill you, you dont stand a chance. 

She hiccuped at the sound of Voldemorts name, but 
stared at Harry without flinching. 

 You survived when you were just a baby, she said 
quietly. 

Yeah, well, said Harry wearily, moving toward the 
door, I dunno why, nor does anyone else, so its 
nothing to be proud of. 

Oh dont go! said Cho, sounding tearful again. Im 
really sorry to get all upset like this... I didnt mean 
to... 

She hiccuped again. She was very pretty even when 
her eyes were red and puffy. Harry felt thoroughly 
miserable. Hed have been so pleased just with a 
Merry Christmas... 

I know it must be horrible for you, she said, 
mopping her eyes on her sleeve again. Me 
mentioning Cedric, when you saw him die... I suppose 
you just want to forget about it... 

  582Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry did not say anything to this; it was quite true, 
but he felt heartless saying it. 

Youre a rreally good teacher, you know, said Cho, 
with a watery smile. Ive never been able to Stun 
anything before. 

Thanks, said Harry awkwardly. 

They looked at each other for a long moment. Harry 
felt a burning desire to run from the room and, at the 
same time, a complete inability to move his feet. 

Mistletoe, said Cho quietly, pointing at the ceiling 
over his head. 

Yeah, said Harry. His mouth was very dry. Its 
probably full of nargles, though. 

What are nargles? 

No idea, said Harry. She had moved closer. His 
brain seemed to have been Stunned. Youd have to 
ask Loony. Luna, I mean. 

Cho made a funny noise halfway between a sob and a 
laugh. She was even nearer him now. He could have 
counted the freckles on her nose. 

I really like you, Harry. 

He could not think. A tingling sensation was 
spreading throughout him, paralyzing his arms, legs, 
and brain. 

She was much too close. He could see every tear 
clinging to her eyelashes... 



  583Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He returned to the common room half an hour later to 
find Hermione and Ron in the best seats by the fire; 
nearly everybody else had gone to bed. Hermione was 
writing a very long letter; she had already filled half a 
roll of parchment, which was dangling from the edge 
of the table. Ron was lying on the hearthrug, trying to 
finish his Transfiguration homework. 

What kept you? he asked, as Harry sank into the 
armchair next to Hermione s. 

Harry did not answer. He was in a state of shock. Half 
of him wanted to tell Ron and Hermione what had 
just happened, but the other half wanted to take the 
secret with him to the grave. 

Are you all right, Harry? Hermione asked, peering at 
him over the tip of her quill. 

Harry gave a halfhearted shrug. In truth, he didnt 
know whether he was all right or not. Whats up? 
said Ron, hoisting himself up on his elbow to get a 
clearer view of Harry. Whats happened? 

Harry didnt quite know how to set about telling them, 
and still wasnt sure whether he wanted to. Just as he 
had decided not to say anything, Hermione took 
matters out of his hands. 

Is it Cho? she asked in a businesslike way. Did she 
corner you after the meeting? 

Numbly surprised, Harry nodded. Ron sniggered, 
breaking off when Hermione caught his eye. 

So  er  what did she want? he asked in a mock 
casual voice. 



  584Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She   Harry began, rather hoarsely; he cleared his 
throat and tried again. She  er   



Did you kiss? asked Hermione briskly. 

Ron sat up so fast that he sent his ink bottle flying all 
over the rug. Disregarding this completely he stared 
avidly at Harry. 

Well? he demanded. 

Harry looked from Rons expression of mingled 
curiosity and hilarity to Hermiones slight frown, and 
nodded. 

HA! 

Ron made a triumphant gesture with his fist and 
went into a raucous peal of laughter that made 
several timidlooking second years over beside the 
window jump. A reluctant grin spread over Harrys 
face as he watched Ron rolling around on the 
hearthrug. Hermione gave Ron a look of deep disgust 
and returned to her letter. 

Well? Ron said finally, looking up at Harry. How 
was it? 

Harry considered for a moment. 

Wet, he said truthfully. 

Ron made a noise that might have indicated 
jubilation or disgust, it was hard to tell. 

Because she was crying, Harry continued heavily. 

Oh, said Ron, his smile fading slightly. Are you that 
bad at kissing? 

  585Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dunno, said Harry, who hadnt considered this, and 
immediately felt rather worried. Maybe I am. 



Of course youre not, said Hermione absently, still 
scribbling away at her letter. 

How do you know? said Ron in a sharp voice. 

Because Cho spends half her time crying these 
days, said Hermione vaguely. She does it at 
mealtimes, in the loos, all over the place. 

Youd think a bit of kissing would cheer her up, said 
Ron, grinning. 

Ron, said Hermione in a dignified voice, dipping the 
point of her quill into her ink pot, you are the most 
insensitive wart I have ever had the misfortune to 
meet. 

Whats that supposed to mean? said Ron 
indignantly. What sort of person cries while 
someones kissing them? 

Yeah, said Harry, slightly desperately, who does? 

Hermione looked at the pair of them with an almost 
pitying expression on her face. 

Dont you understand how Chos feeling at the 
moment? she asked. 

No, said Harry and Ron together. 

Hermione sighed and laid down her quill. 

Well, obviously, shes feeling very sad, because of 
Cedric dying. Then I expect shes feeling confused 
because she liked Cedric and now she likes Harry, 

  586Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and she cant work out who she likes best. Then shell 
be feeling guilty, thinking its an insult to Cedrics 
memory to be kissing Harry at all, and shell be 
worrying about what everyone else might say about 
her if she starts going out with Harry. And she 
probably cant work out what her feelings toward 
Harry are anyway, because he was the one who was 
with Cedric when Cedric died, so thats all very mixed 
up and painful. Oh, and shes afraid shes going to be 
thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team because 
shes been flying so badly. 

A slightly stunned silence greeted the end of this 
speech, then Ron said, One person cant feel all that 
at once, theyd explode. 

Just because youve got the emotional range of a 
teaspoon doesnt mean we all have, said Hermione 
nastily, picking up her quill again. 

She was the one who started it, said Harry. I 
wouldntve  she just sort of came at me  and next 
thing shes crying all over me  I didnt know what to 
do   



Dont blame you, mate, said Ron, looking alarmed at 
the very thought. 

You just had to be nice to her, said Hermione, 
looking up anxiously. You were, werent you? 

Well, said Harry, an unpleasant heat creeping up 
his face, I sort of  patted her on the back a bit. 

Hermione looked as though she was restraining 
herself from rolling her eyes with extreme difficulty. 

Well, I suppose it could have been worse, she said. 
Are you going to see her again? 

  587Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ill have to, wont I? said Harry. Weve got D.A. 
meetings, havent we? 



You know what I mean, said Hermione impatiently. 

Harry said nothing. Hermione s words opened up a 
whole new vista of frightening possibilities. He tried to 
imagine going somewhere with Cho  Hogsmeade, 
perhaps  and being alone with her for hours at a 
time. Of course, she would have been expecting him 
to ask her out after what had just happened... The 
thought made his stomach clench painfully. 

Oh well, said Hermione distantly, buried in her 
letter once more, youll have plenty of opportunities 
to ask her... 

What if he doesnt want to ask her? said Ron, who 
had been watching Harry with an unusually shrewd 
expression on his face. 

Dont be silly, said Hermione vaguely, Harrys liked 
her for ages, havent you, Harry? 

He did not answer. Yes, he had liked Cho for ages, 
but whenever he had imagined a scene involving the 
two of them it had always featured a Cho who was 
enjoying herself, as opposed to a Cho who was 
sobbing uncontrollably into his shoulder. 

Who re you writing the novel to anyway? Ron asked 
Hermione, trying to read the bit of parchment now 
trailing on the floor. Hermione hitched it up out of 
sight. 

Viktor. 

Krum? 

  588Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




How many other Viktors do we know? 



Ron said nothing, but looked disgruntled. They sat in 
silence for another twenty minutes, Ron finishing his 
Transfiguration essay with many snorts of impatience 
and crossingsout, Hermione writing steadily to the 
very end of the parchment, rolling it up carefully and 
sealing it, and Harry staring into the fire, wishing 
more than anything that Siriuss head would appear 
there and give him some advice about girls. But the 
fire merely crackled lower and lower, until the redhot 
embers crumbled into ash and, looking around, Harry 
saw that they were, yet again, the last in the common 
room. 

Well, night, said Hermione, yawning widely, and 
she set off up the girls staircase. 

What does she see in Krum? Ron demanded as he 
and Harry climbed the boys stairs. 

Well, said Harry, considering the matter, I spose 
hes older, isnt he ... and hes an international 
Quidditch player... 

Yeah, but apart from that, said Ron, sounding 
aggravated. I mean hes a grouchy git, isnt he? 

Bit grouchy, yeah, said Harry, whose thoughts were 
still on Cho. 

They pulled off their robes and put on pajamas in 
silence; Dean, Seamus, and Neville were already 
asleep. Harry put his glasses on his bedside table and 
got into bed but did not pull the hangings closed 
around his fourposter; instead he stared at the patch 
of starry sky visible through the window next to 
Nevilles bed. If he had known, this time last night, 

  589Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




that in twentyfour hours time he would have kissed 
Cho Chang ... 



 Night, grunted Ron, from somewhere to his right. 

 Night, said Harry. 

Maybe next time ... if there was a next time ... shed 
be a bit happier. He ought to have asked her out; she 
had probably been expecting it and was now really 
angry with him ... or was she lying in bed, still crying 
about Cedric? He did not know what to think. 
Hermiones explanation had made it all seem more 
complicated rather than easier to understand. 

Thats what they should teach us here, he thought, 
turning over onto his side, how girls brains work ... 
itd be more useful than Divination anyway... 

Neville snuffled in his sleep. An owl hooted 
somewhere out in the night. 

Harry dreamed he was back in the D.A. room. Cho 
was accusing him of luring her there under false 
pretenses; she said that he had promised her a 
hundred and fifty Chocolate Frog cards if she showed 
up. Harry protested... Cho shouted,  Cedric gave me 
loads of Chocolate Frog cards, look\ And she pulled 
out fistfuls of cards from inside her robes and threw 
them into the air, and then turned into Hermione, 
who said, You did promise her, you know, Harry... I 
think youd better give her something else instead... 
How about your Firebolt? And Harry was protesting 
that he could not give Cho his Firebolt because 
Umbridge had it, and anyway the whole thing was 
ridiculous, hed only come to the D.A. room to put up 
some Christmas baubles shaped like Dobbys head... 

The dream changed... 

  590Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




His body felt smooth, powerful, and flexible. He was 
gliding between shining metal bars, across dark, cold 
stone... He was flat against the floor, sliding along on 
his belly... It was dark, yet he could see objects 
around him shimmering in strange, vibrant colors... 
He was turning his head... At first glance, the corridor 
was empty . . . but no ... a man was sitting on the floor 
ahead, his chin drooping onto his chest, his outline 
gleaming in the dark. . . 

Harry put out his tongue... He tasted the mans scent 
on the air. . . He was alive but drowsing . . . sitting in 
front of a door at the end of the corridor . . . 

Harry longed to bite the man . . . but he must master 
the impulse... He had more important work to do... 

But the man was stirring ... a silvery cloak fell from 
his legs as he jumped to his feet; and Harry saw his 
vibrant, blurred outline towering above him, saw a 
wand withdrawn from a belt... He had no choice... He 
reared high from the floor and struck once, twice, 
three times, plunging his fangs deeply into the mans 
flesh, feeling his ribs splinter beneath his jaws, feeling 
the warm gush of blood... 

The man was yelling in pain ... then he fell silent... He 
slumped backward against the wall... Blood was 
splattering onto the floor... 

His forehead hurt terribly. . . It was aching fit to 
burst... 

Harry! HARRY! 

He opened his eyes. Every inch of his body was 
covered in icy sweat; his bedcovers were twisted all 
around him like a straitjacket; he felt as though a 
whitehot poker was being applied to his forehead. 

  591Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harryl 



Ron was standing over him looking extremely 
frightened. There were more figures at the foot of 
Harrys bed. He clutched his head in his hands; the 
pain was blinding him... He rolled right over and 
vomited over the edge of the mattress. 

Hes really ill, said a scared voice. Should we call 
someone? 

Harry! Harryl 

He had to tell Ron, it was very important that he tell 
him... Taking great gulps of air, Harry pushed himself 
up in bed, willing himself not to throw up again, the 
pain halfblinding him. 

Your dad, he panted, his chest heaving. Your dads 
... been attacked... 

What? said Ron uncomprehendingly. 

Your dad! Hes been bitten, its serious, there was 
blood everywhere... 

Im going for help, said the same scared voice, and 
Harry heard footsteps running out of the dormitory. 

Harry, mate, said Ron uncertainly, you ... you were 
just dreaming... 

No! said Harry furiously; it was crucial that Ron 
understand. It wasnt a dream ... not an ordinary 
dream... I was there, I saw it... I did it... 

He could hear Seamus and Dean muttering but did 
not care. The pain in his forehead was subsiding 
slightly, though he was still sweating and shivering 

  592Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




feverishly. He retched again and Ron leapt backward 
out of the way. 

Harry, youre not well, he said shakily. Nevilles 
gone for help... 

Im fine! Harry choked, wiping his mouth on his 
pajamas and shaking uncontrollably. Theres nothing 
wrong with me, its your dad youve got to worry 
about  we need to find out where he is  hes 
bleeding like mad  I was  it was a huge snake... 

He tried to get out of bed but Ron pushed him back 
into it; Dean and Seamus were still whispering 
somewhere nearby. Whether one minute passed or 
ten, Harry did not know; he simply sat there shaking, 
feeling the pain recede very slowly from his scar. . . 
Then there were hurried footsteps coming up the 
stairs, and he heard Nevilles voice again. 

Over here, Professor ... 

Professor McGonagall came hurrying into the 
dormitory in her tartan dressing gown, her glasses 
perched lopsidedly on the bridge of her bony nose. 

What is it, Potter? Where does it hurt? 

He had never been so pleased to see her; it was a 
member of the Order of the Phoenix he needed now, 
not someone fussing over him and prescribing useless 
potions. 

Its Rons dad, he said, sitting up again. Hes been 
attacked by a snake and its serious, I saw it happen. 

What do you mean, you saw it happen? said 
Professor McGonagall, her dark eyebrows contracting. 



  593Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I dont know... I was asleep and then I was there... 

You mean you dreamed this? 

No! said Harry angrily. Would none of them 
understand? I was having a dream at first about 
something completely different, something stupid . . . 
and then this interrupted it. It was real, I didnt 
imagine it, Mr. Weasley was asleep on the floor and 
he was attacked by a gigantic snake, there was a load 
of blood, he collapsed, someones got to find out 
where he is... 

Professor McGonagall was gazing at him through her 
lopsided spectacles as though horrified at what she 
was seeing. 

Im not lying, and Im not mad! Harry told her, his 
voice rising to a shout. I tell you, I saw it happen! 

I believe you, Potter, said Professor McGonagall 
curtly. Put on your dressinggown  were going to 
see the headmaster. 



  594Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






& 



ST. MUNGOS HOSPITAL FOR 
MAGICAL MALADIES AND INJURIES 

Harry was so relieved that she was taking him 
seriously that he did not hesitate, but jumped out of 
bed at once, pulled on his dressing gown, and pushed 
his glasses back onto his nose. 

Weasley, you ought to come too, said Professor 
McGonagall. 

They followed Professor McGonagall past the silent 
figures of Neville, Dean, and Seamus, out of the 
dormitory, down the spiral stairs into the common 
room, through the portrait hole, and off along the Fat 
Ladys moonlit corridor. Harry felt as though the 
panic inside him might spill over at any moment; he 
wanted to run, to yell for Dumbledore. Mr. Weasley 
was bleeding as they walked along so sedately, and 
what if those fangs (Harry tried hard not to think my 
fangs) had been poisonous? They passed Mrs. Norris, 
who turned her lamplike eyes upon them and hissed 
faintly, but Professor McGonagall said, Shoo! Mrs. 



  595Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Norris slunk away into the shadows, and in a few 
minutes they had reached the stone gargoyle 
guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office. 

Fizzing Whizbee, said Professor McGonagall. 

The gargoyle sprang to life and leapt aside; the wall 
behind it split in two to reveal a stone staircase that 
was moving continuously upward like a spiral 
escalator. The three of them stepped onto the moving 
stairs; the wall closed behind them with a thud, and 
they were moving upward in tight circles until they 
reached the highly polished oak door with the brass 
knocker shaped like a griffin. 

Though it was now well past midnight, there were 
voices coming from inside the room, a positive babble 
of them. It sounded as though Dumbledore was 
entertaining at least a dozen people. 

Professor McGonagall rapped three times with the 
griffin knocker, and the voices ceased abruptly as 
though someone had switched them all off. The door 
opened of its own accord and Professor McGonagall 
led Harry and Ron inside. 

The room was in half darkness; the strange silver 
instruments standing on tables were silent and still 
rather than whirring and emitting puffs of smoke as 
they usually did. The portraits of old headmasters 
and headmistresses covering the walls were all 
snoozing in their frames. Behind the door, a 
magnificent redandgold bird the size of a swan 
dozed on its perch with its head under its wing. 

Oh, its you, Professor McGonagall ... and ... ah. 

Dumbledore was sitting in a highbacked chair 
behind his desk; he leaned forward into the pool of 

  596Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




candlelight illuminating the papers laid out before 
him. He was wearing a magnificently embroidered 
purpleandgold dressing gown over a snowywhite 
nightshirt, but seemed wide awake, his penetrating 
lightblue eyes fixed intently upon Professor 
McGonagall. 

Professor Dumbledore, Potter has had a ... well, a 
nightmare, said Professor McGonagall. He says ... 

It wasnt a nightmare, said Harry quickly. 

Professor McGonagall looked around at Harry, 
frowning slightly. 

Very well, then, Potter, you tell the headmaster about 
it. ~ 

I ... well, I was asleep... said Harry and even in his 
terror and his desperation to make Dumbledore 
understand he felt slightly irritated that the 
headmaster was not looking at him, but examining 
his own interlocked fingers. But it wasnt an ordinary 
dream ... it was real... I saw it happen... He took a 
deep breath, Rons dad  Mr. Weasley  has been 
attacked by a giant snake. 

The words seemed to reverberate in the air after he 
had said them, slightly ridiculous, even comic. There 
was a pause in which Dumbledore leaned back and 
stared meditatively at the ceiling. Ron looked from 
Harry to Dumbledore, whitefaced and shocked. 

How did you see this? Dumbledore asked quietly, 
still not looking at Harry. 

Well ... I dont know, said Harry, rather angrily  
what did it matter? Inside my head, I suppose   



  597Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You misunderstand me, said Dumbledore, still in 
the same calm tone. I mean ... can you remember  
er  where you were positioned as you watched this 
attack happen? Were you perhaps standing beside 
the victim, or else looking down on the scene from 
above? 

This was such a curious question that Harry gaped at 
Dumbledore; it was almost as though he knew ... 

I was the snake, he said. I saw it all from the 
snakes point of view... 

Nobody else spoke for a moment, then Dumbledore, 
now looking at Ron, who was still wheyfaced, said in 
a new and sharper voice, Is Arthur seriously 
injured? 

 Yes said Harry emphatically  why were they all so 
slow on the uptake, did they not realize how much a 
person bled when fangs that long pierced their side? 
And why could Dumbledore not do him the courtesy 
of looking at him? 

But Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry 
jumped, and addressed one of the old portraits 
hanging very near the ceiling. 

Everard? he said sharply. And you too, Dilys! 

A sallowfaced wizard with short, black bangs and an 
elderly witch with long silver ringlets in the frame 
beside him, both of whom seemed to have been in the 
deepest of sleeps, opened their eyes immediately. 

You were listening? said Dumbledore. 

The wizard nodded, the witch said, Naturally. 



  598Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The man has red hair and glasses, said 
Dumbledore. Everard, you will need to raise the 
alarm, make sure he is found by the right people   

Both nodded and moved sideways out of their frames, 
but instead of emerging in neighboring pictures (as 
usually happened at Hogwarts), neither reappeared; 
one frame now contained nothing but a backdrop of 
dark curtain, the other a handsome leather armchair. 
Harry noticed that many of the other headmasters 
and mistresses on the walls, though snoring and 
drooling most convincingly, kept sneaking peeks at 
him under their eyelids, and he suddenly understood 
who had been talking when they had knocked. 

Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwarts s most 
celebrated Heads, Dumbledore said, now sweeping 
around Harry, Ron, and Professor McGonagall and 
approaching the magnificent sleeping bird on his 
perch beside the door. Their renown is such that 
both have portraits hanging in other important 
Wizarding institutions. As they are free to move 
between their own portraits they can tell us what may 
be happening elsewhere... 

But Mr. Weasley could be anywhere! said Harry. 

Please sit down, all three of you, said Dumbledore, 
as though Harry had not spoken. Everard and Dilys 
may not be back for several minutes... Professor 
McGonagall, if you could draw up extra chairs ... 

Professor McGonagall pulled her wand from the 
pocket of her dressing gown and waved it; three 
chairs appeared out of thin air, straightbacked and 
wooden, quite unlike the comfortable chintz 
armchairs that Dumbledore had conjured back at 
Harrys hearing. Harry sat down, watching 
Dumbledore over his shoulder. Dumbledore was now 
  599Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




stroking Fawkess plumed golden head with one 
finger. The phoenix awoke immediately. He stretched 
his beautiful head high and observed Dumbledore 
through bright, dark eyes. 

We will need, said Dumbledore very quietly to the 
bird, a warning. 

There was a flash of fire and the phoenix had gone. 

Dumbledore now swooped down upon one of the 
fragile silver instruments whose function Harry had 
never known, carried it over to his desk, sat down 
facing them again, and tapped it gently with the tip of 
his wand. 

The instrument tinkled into life at once with rhythmic 
clinking noises. Tiny puffs of pale green smoke issued 
from the minuscule silver tube at the top. 

Dumbledore watched the smoke closely, his brow 
furrowed, and after a few seconds, the tiny puffs 
became a steady stream of smoke that thickened and 
coiled in the air... A serpents head grew out of the 
end of it, opening its mouth wide. Harry wondered 
whether the instrument was confirming his story: He 
looked eagerly at Dumbledore for a sign that he was 
right, but Dumbledore did not look up. 

Naturally, naturally, murmured Dumbledore 
apparently to himself, still observing the stream of 
smoke without the slightest sign of surprise. But in 
essence divided? 

Harry could make neither head nor tail of this 
question. The smoke serpent, however, split itself 
instantly into two snakes, both coiling and 
undulating in the dark air. With a look of grim 
satisfaction Dumbledore gave the instrument another 
gentle tap with his wand: The clinking noise slowed 
  600Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and died, and the smoke serpents grew faint, became 
a formless haze, and vanished. 

Dumbledore replaced the instrument upon its spindly 
little table; Harry saw many of the old headmasters in 
the portraits follow him with their eyes, then, realizing 
that Harry was watching them, hastily pretend to be 
sleeping again. Harry wanted to ask what the strange 
silver instrument was for, but before he could do so, 
there was a shout from the top of the wall to their 
right; the wizard called Everard had reappeared in his 
portrait, panting slightly. 

Dumbledore! 

What news? said Dumbledore at once. 

I yelled until someone came running, said the 
wizard, who was mopping his brow on the curtain 
behind him, said Id heard something moving 
downstairs  they werent sure whether to believe me 
but went down to check  you know there are no 
portraits down there to watch from. Anyway, they 
carried him up a few minutes later. He doesnt look 
good, hes covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida 
Craggs portrait to get a good view as they left   

Good, said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive 
movement, I take it Dilys will have seen him arrive, 
then   

And moments later, the silverringletted witch had 
reappeared in her picture too; she sank, coughing, 
into her armchair and said, Yes, theyve taken him to 
St. Mungos, Dumbledore... They carried him past 
under my portrait... He looks bad... 

Thank you, said Dumbledore. He looked around at 
Professor McGonagall. 

  601Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Minerva, I need you to go and wake the other 
Weasley children. 

Of course... 

Professor McGonagall got up and moved swiftly to the 
door; Harry cast a sideways glance at Ron, who was 
now looking terrified. 

And Dumbledore  what about Molly? said 
Professor McGonagall, pausing at the door. 

That will be a job for Fawkes when he has finished 
keeping a lookout for anybody approaching, said 
Dumbledore. But she may already know ... that 
excellent clock of hers ... 

Harry knew Dumbledore was referring to the clock 
that told, not the time, but the whereabouts and 
conditions of the various Weasley family members, 
and with a pang he thought that Mr. Weasleys hand 
must, even now, be pointing at mortal peril. But it 
was very late... Mrs. Weasley was probably asleep, not 
watching the clock. . . And he felt cold as he 
remembered Mrs. Weasleys boggart turning into Mr. 
Weasleys lifeless body, his glasses askew, blood 
running down his face... But Mr. Weasley wasnt 
going to die... He couldnt... 

Dumbledore was now rummaging in a cupboard 
behind Harry and Ron. He emerged from it carrying a 
blackened old kettle, which he placed carefully upon 
his desk. He raised his wand and murmured Portus; 
for a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd 
blue light, then it quivered to a rest, as solidly black 
as ever. 

Dumbledore marched over to another portrait, this 
time of a cleverlooking wizard with a pointed beard, 

  602Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colors of 
green and silver and was apparently sleeping so 
deeply that he could not hear Dumbledore s voice 
when he attempted to rouse him. 

Phineas. Phineas. 

And now the subjects of the portraits lining the room 
were no longer pretending to be asleep; they were 
shifting around in their frames, the better to watch 
what was happening. When the cleverlooking wizard 
continued to feign sleep, some of them shouted his 
name too. 

Phineas! Phineas ! PHINEAS! 

He could not pretend any longer; he gave a theatrical 
jerk and opened his eyes wide. 

Did someone call? 

I need you to visit your other portrait again, 
Phineas, said Dumbledore. IVe got another 
message. 

Visit my other portrait? said Phineas in a reedy 
voice, giving a long, fake yawn (his eyes traveling 
around the room and focusing upon Harry). Oh no, 
Dumbledore, I am too tired tonight... 

Something about Phineas s voice was familiar to 
Harry. Where had he heard it before? But before he 
could think, the portraits on the surrounding walls 
broke into a storm of protest. 

Insubordination, sir! roared a corpulent, rednosed 
wizard, brandishing his fists. Dereliction of duty! 



  603Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




We are honorbound to give service to the present 
Headmaster of Hogwarts! cried a fraillooking old 
wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledores 
predecessor, Armando Dippet. Shame on you, 
Phineas! 

Shall I persuade him, Dumbledore? called a gimlet 
eyed witch, raising an unusually thick wand that 
looked not unlike a birch rod. 

Oh, very well, said the wizard called Phineas, eyeing 
this wand slightly apprehensively, though he may 
well have destroyed my picture by now, hes done 
most of the family   

Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait, said 
Dumbledore, and Harry realized immediately where 
he had heard Phineas s voice before: issuing from the 
apparently empty frame in his bedroom in Grimmauld 
Place. You are to give him the message that Arthur 
Weasley has been gravely injured and that his wife, 
children, and Harry Potter will be arriving at his 
house shortly. Do you understand? 

Arthur Weasley, injured, wife and children and Harry 
Potter coming to stay, recited Phineas in a bored 
voice. Yes, yes ... very well... 

He sloped away into the frame of the portrait and 
disappeared from view at the very moment that the 
study door opened again. Fred, George, and Ginny 
were ushered inside by Professor McGonagall, all 
three of them looking disheveled and shocked, still in 
their night things. 

Harry  whats going on? asked Ginny, who looked 
frightened. Professor McGonagall says you saw Dad 
hurt   



  604Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Your father has been injured in the course of his 
work for the Order of the Phoenix, said Dumbledore 
before Harry could speak. He has been taken to St. 
Mungos Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I 
am sending you back to Siriuss house, which is 
much more convenient for the hospital than the 
Burrow. You will meet your mother there. 

Howre we going? asked Fred, looking shaken. Floo 
powder? 

No, said Dumbledore, Floo powder is not safe at the 
moment, the Network is being watched. You will be 
taking a Portkey. He indicated the old kettle lying 
innocently on his desk. We are just waiting for 
Phineas Nigellus to report back... I wish to be sure 
that the coast is clear before sending you   

There was a flash of flame in the very middle of the 
office, leaving behind a single golden feather that 
floated gently to the floor. 

It is Fawkess warning, said Dumbledore, catching 
the feather as it fell. She must know youre out of 
your beds... Minerva, go and head her off  tell her 
any story   

Professor McGonagall was gone in a swish of tartan. 

He says hell be delighted, said a bored voice behind 
Dumbledore; the wizard called Phineas had 
reappeared in front of his Slytherin banner. My 
greatgreatgrandson has always had odd taste in 
houseguests... 

Come here, then, Dumbledore said to Harry and the 
Weasleys. And quickly, before anyone else joins us 



  605Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry and the others gathered around Dumbledores 
desk. 

You have all used a Portkey before? asked 
Dumbledore, and they nodded, each reaching out to 
touch some part of the blackened kettle. Good. On 
the count of three then ... one ... two ... 

It happened in a fraction of a second: In the 
infinitesimal pause before Dumbledore said three, 
Harry looked up at him  they were very close 
together  and Dumbledores clear blue gaze moved 
from the Portkey to Harrys face. 

At once, Harrys scar burned whitehot, as though the 
old wound had burst open again  and unbidden, 
unwanted, but terrifyingly strong, there rose within 
Harry a hatred so powerful he felt, for that instant, 
that he would like nothing better than to strike  to 
bite  to sink his fangs into the man before him  

... three. 

He felt a powerful jerk behind his navel, the ground 
vanished from beneath his feet, his hand was glued to 
the kettle; he was banging into the others as all sped 
forward in a swirl of colors and a rush of wind, the 
kettle pulling them onward and then  

His feet hit the ground so hard that his knees 
buckled, the kettle clattered to the ground and 
somewhere close at hand a voice said, Back again, 
the blood traitor brats, is it true their fathers dying ... 
? 

OUT! roared a second voice. 

Harry scrambled to his feet and looked around; they 
had arrived in the gloomy basement kitchen of 

  606Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




number twelve, Grimmauld Place. The only sources of 
light were the fire and one guttering candle, which 
illuminated the remains of a solitary supper. Kreacher 
was disappearing through the door to the hall, 
looking back at them malevolently as he hitched up 
his loincloth; Sirius was hurrying toward them all, 
looking anxious. He was unshaven and still in his day 
clothes; there was also a slightly Mundunguslike 
whiff of stale drink about him. 

Whats going on? he said, stretching out a hand to 
help Ginny up. Phineas Nigellus said Arthurs been 
badly injured   

Ask Harry, said Fred. 

Yeah, I want to hear this for myself, said George. 

The twins and Ginny were staring at him. Kreachers 
footsteps had stopped on the stairs outside. 

It was   Harry began; this was even worse than 
telling McGonagall and Dumbledore. I had a  a 
kind of  vision... 

And he told them all that he had seen, though he 
altered the story so that it sounded as though he had 
watched from the sidelines as the snake attacked, 
rather than from behind the snakes own eyes... Ron, 
who was still very white, gave him a fleeting look, but 
did not speak. When Harry had finished, Fred, 

George, and Ginny continued to stare at him for a 
moment. Harry did not know whether he was 
imagining it or not, but he fancied there was 
something accusatory in their looks. Well, if they were 
going to blame him for just seeing the attack, he was 
glad he had not told them that he had been inside the 
snake at the time... 



  607Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Is Mum here? said Fred, turning to Sirius. 



She probably doesnt even know whats happened 
yet, said Sirius. The important thing was to get you 
away before Umbridge could interfere. I expect 
Dumbledores letting Molly know now. 

Weve got to go to St. Mungos, said Ginny urgently. 
She looked around at her brothers; they were of 
course still in their pajamas. Sirius, can you lend us 
cloaks or anything  ? 

Hang on, you cant go tearing off to St. Mungos! 
said Sirius. 

 Course we can go to St. Mungos if we want, said 
Fred, with a mulish expression, hes our dad! 

And how are you going to explain how you knew 
Arthur was attacked before the hospital even let his 
wife know? 

What does that matter? said George hotly. 

It matters because we dont want to draw attention 
to the fact that Harry is having visions of things that 
are happening hundreds of miles away! said Sirius 
angrily. Have you any idea what the Ministry would 
make of that information? 

Fred and George looked as though they could not care 
less what the Ministry made of anything. Ron was still 
whitefaced and silent. Ginny said, Somebody else 
could have told us... We could have heard it 
somewhere other than Harry... 

Like who? said Sirius impatiently. Listen, your 
dads been hurt while on duty for the Order and the 
circumstances are fishy enough without his children 

  608Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




knowing about it seconds after it happened, you 
could seriously damage the Orders   

We dont care about the dumb Order! shouted Fred. 

Its our dad dying were talking about! yelled George. 

Your father knew what he was getting into, and he 
wont thank you for messing things up for the Order! 
said Sirius angrily in his turn. This is how it is  
this is why youre not in the Order  you dont 
understand  there are things worth dying for! 

Easy for you to say, stuck here! bellowed Fred. I 
dont see you risking your neck! 

The little color remaining in Siriuss face drained from 
it. He looked for a moment as though he would quite 
like to hit Fred, but when he spoke, it was in a voice 
of determined calm. I know its hard, but weve all got 
to act as though we dont know anything yet. Weve 
got to stay put, at least until we hear from your 
mother, all right? 

Fred and George still looked mutinous. Ginny, 
however, took a few steps over to the nearest chair 
and sank into it. Harry looked at Ron, who made a 
funny movement somewhere between a nod and 
shrug, and they sat down too. The twins glared at 
Sirius for another minute, then took seats on either 
side of Ginny. 

Thats right, said Sirius encouragingly, come on, 
lets all ... lets all have a drink while were waiting. 
Accio Butterbeeri 

He raised his wand as he spoke and half a dozen 
bottles came flying toward them out of the pantry, 
skidded along the table, scattering the debris of 

  609Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Siriuss meal, and stopped neatly in front of the six of 
them. They all drank, and for a while the only sounds 
were those of the crackling of the kitchen fire and the 
soft thud of their bottles on the table. 

Harry was only drinking to have something to do with 
his hands. His stomach was full of horrible hot, 
bubbling guilt. They would not be here if it were not 
for him; they would all still be asleep in bed. And it 
was no good telling himself that by raising the alarm 
he had ensured that Mr. Weasley was found, because 
there was also the inescapable business of it being he 
who had attacked Mr. Weasley in the first place... 

Dont be stupid, you havent got fangs, he told himself, 
trying to keep calm, though the hand on his 
butterbeer bottle was shaking. You were lying in bed, 
you werent attacking anyone... 

But then, what just happened in Dumbledores office ? 
he asked himself. I felt like I wanted to attack 
Dumbledore too... 

He put the bottle down on the table a little harder 
than he meant to, so that it slopped over onto the 
table. No one took any notice. Then a burst of fire in 
midair illuminated the dirty plates in front of them 
and as they gave cries of shock, a scroll of parchment 
fell with a thud onto the table, accompanied by a 
single golden phoenix tail feather. 

Fawkes! said Sirius at once, snatching up the 
parchment. Thats not Dumbledores writing  it 
must be a message from your mother  here   

He thrust the letter into Georges hand, who ripped it 
open and read aloud,  Dad is still alive. I am setting 
out for St. Mungos now. Stay where you are. I will 
send news as soon as I can. Mum. 

  610Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




George looked around the table. 



Still alive ... he said slowly. But that makes it 
sound ... 

He did not need to finish the sentence. It sounded to 
Harry too as though Mr. Weasley was hovering 
somewhere between life and death. Still exceptionally 
pale, Ron stared at the back of his mothers letter as 
though it might speak words of comfort to him. Fred 
pulled the parchment out of Georges hands and read 
it for himself, then looked up at Harry, who felt his 
hand shaking on his butterbeer bottle again and 
clenched it more tightly to stop the trembling. 

If Harry had ever sat through a longer night than this 
one he could not remember it. Sirius suggested once 
that they all go to bed, but without any real 
conviction, and the Weasleys looks of disgust were 
answer enough. They mostly sat in silence around the 
table, watching the candle wick sinking lower and 
lower into liquid wax, now and then raising bottles to 
their lips, speaking only to check the time, to wonder 
aloud what was happening, and to reassure one 
another that if there was bad news, they would know 
straightaway, for Mrs. Weasley must long since have 
arrived at St. Mungos. 

Fred fell into a doze, his head sagging sideways onto 
his shoulder. Ginny was curled like a cat on her 
chair, but her eyes were open; Harry could see them 
reflecting the firelight. Ron was sitting with his head 
in his hands, whether awake or asleep it was 
impossible to tell. And he and Sirius looked at each 
other every so often, intruders upon the family grief, 
waiting ... waiting ... 

And then, at ten past five in the morning by Rons 
watch, the kitchen door swung open and Mrs. 

  611Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Weasley entered the kitchen. She was extremely pale, 
but when they all turned to look at her, Fred, Ron, 
and Harry halfrising from their chairs, she gave a 
wan smile. 

Hes going to be all right, she said, her voice weak 
with tiredness. Hes sleeping. We can all go and see 
him later. Bills sitting with him now, hes going to 
take the morning off work. 

Fred fell back into his chair with his hands over his 
face. George and Ginny got up, walked swiftly over to 
their mother, and hugged her. Ron gave a very shaky 
laugh and downed the rest of his butterbeer in one. 

Breakfast! said Sirius loudly and joyfully, jumping 
to his feet. Wheres that accursed houseelf? 

Kreacher! KREACHER! 

But Kreacher did not answer the summons. 

Oh, forget it, then, muttered Sirius, counting the 
people in front of him. So its breakfast for  lets see 
 seven ... Bacon and eggs, I think, and some tea, 
and toast   

Harry hurried over to the stove to help. He did not 
want to intrude upon the Weasleys happiness, and 
he dreaded the moment when Mrs. Weasley would 
ask him to recount his vision. However, he had barely 
taken plates from the dresser when Mrs. Weasley 
lifted them out of his hands and pulled him into a 
hug. 

I dont know what would have happened if it hadnt 
been for you, Harry, she said in a muffled voice. 

They might not have found Arthur for hours, and 
then it would have been too late, but thanks to you 
hes alive and Dumbledores been able to think up a 
  612Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




good cover story for Arthur being where he was, 
youve no idea what trouble he would have been in 
otherwise, look at poor Sturgis... 

Harry could hardly stand her gratitude, but 
fortunately she soon released him to turn to Sirius 
and thank him for looking after her children through 
the night. Sirius said that he was very pleased to have 
been able to help, and hoped they would all stay with 
him as long as Mr. Weasley was in hospital. 

Oh, Sirius, Im so grateful... They think hell be there 
a little while and it would be wonderful to be nearer 
...Of course, that might mean were here for 
Christmas... 

The more the merrier! said Sirius with such obvious 
sincerity that Mrs. Weasley beamed at him, threw on 
an apron, and began to help with breakfast. 

Sirius, Harry muttered, unable to stand it a moment 
longer. Can I have a quick word? Er  now? 

He walked into the dark pantry and Sirius followed. 
Without preamble Harry told his godfather every 
detail of the vision he had had, including the fact that 
he himself had been the snake who had attacked Mr. 
Weasley. 

When he paused for breath, Sirius said, Did you tell 
Dumbledore this? 

Yes, said Harry impatiently, but he didnt tell me 
what it meant. Well, he doesnt tell me anything 
anymore... 

Im sure he would have told you if it was anything to 
worry about, said Sirius steadily. 



  613Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But thats not all, said Harry in a voice only a little 
above a whisper. Sirius, I ... I think Im going mad... 
Back in Dumbledores office, just before we took the 
Portkey . . . for a couple of seconds there I thought I 
was a snake, I felt like one  my scar really hurt 
when I was looking at Dumbledore  Sirius, I wanted 
to attack him   

He could only see a sliver of Siriuss face; the rest was 
in darkness. 

It must have been the aftermath of the vision, thats 
all, said Sirius. You were still thinking of the dream 
or whatever it was and   

It wasnt that, said Harry, shaking his head. It was 
like something rose up inside me, like theres a snake 
inside me   

You need to sleep, said Sirius firmly. Youre going 
to have breakfast and then go upstairs to bed, and 
then you can go and see Arthur after lunch with the 
others. Youre in shock, Harry; youre blaming 
yourself for something you only witnessed, and its 
lucky you did witness it or Arthur might have died. 
Just stop worrying... 

He clapped Harry on the shoulder and left the pantry, 
leaving Harry standing alone in the dark. 

Everyone but Harry spent the rest of the morning 
sleeping. He went up to the bedroom he had shared 
with Ron over the summer, but while Ron crawled 
into bed and was asleep within minutes, Harry sat 
fully clothed, hunched against the cold metal bars of 
the bedstead, keeping himself deliberately 
uncomfortable, determined not to fall into a doze, 
terrified that he might become the serpent again in 
his sleep and awake to find that he had attacked Ron, 
  614Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




or else slithered through the house after one of the 
others... 

When Ron woke up, Harry pretended to have enjoyed 
a refreshing nap too. Their trunks arrived from 
Hogwarts while they were eating lunch, so that they 
could dress as Muggles for the trip to St. Mungos. 
Everybody except Harry was riotously happy and 
talkative as they changed out of their robes into jeans 
and sweatshirts, and they greeted Tonks and Mad 
Eye, who had turned up to escort them across 
London, gleefully laughing at the bowler hat MadEye 
was wearing at an angle to conceal his magical eye 
and assuring him, truthfully, that Tonks, whose hair 
was short and bright pink again, would attract far 
less attention on the underground. 

Tonks was very interested in Harrys vision of the 
attack on Mr. Weasley, something he was not 
remotely interested in discussing. 

There isnt any Seer blood in your family, is there? 
she inquired curiously, as they sat side by side on a 
train rattling toward the heart of the city. 

No, said Harry, thinking of Professor Trelawney and 
feeling insulted. 

No, said Tonks musingly, no, I suppose its not 
really prophecy youre doing, is it? I mean, youre not 
seeing the future, youre seeing the present... Its odd, 
isnt it? Useful, though ... 

Harry did not answer; fortunately they got out at the 
next stop, a station in the very heart of London, and 
in the bustle of leaving the train he was able to allow 
Fred and George to get between himself and Tonks, 
who was leading the way. They all followed her up the 
escalator, Moody clunking along at the back of the 
  615Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




group, his bowler tilted low and one gnarled hand 
stuck in between the buttons of his coat, clutching 
his wand. Harry thought he sensed the concealed eye 
staring hard at him; trying to deflect more questions 
about his dream he asked MadEye where St. 

Mungos was hidden. 

Not far from here, grunted Moody as they stepped 
out into the wintry air on a broad storelined street 
packed with Christmas shoppers. He pushed Harry a 
little ahead of him and stumped along just behind; 
Harry knew the eye was rolling in all directions under 
the tilted hat. Wasnt easy to find a good location for 
a hospital. Nowhere in Diagon Alley was big enough 
and we couldnt have it underground like the Ministry 
 unhealthy. In the end they managed to get hold of 
a building up here. Theory was sick wizards could 
come and go and just blend in with the crowd... 

He seized Harrys shoulder to prevent them being 
separated by a gaggle of shoppers plainly intent on 
nothing but making it into a nearby shop full of 
electrical gadgets. 

Here we go, said Moody a moment later. 

They had arrived outside a large, oldfashioned, red 
brick department store called Purge and Dowse Ltd. 
The place had a shabby, miserable air; the window 
displays consisted of a few chipped dummies with 
their wigs askew, standing at random and modeling 
fashions at least ten years out of date. Large signs on 
all the dusty doors read CLOSED FOR 
REFURBISHMENT. Harry distinctly heard a large 
woman laden with plastic shopping bags say to her 
friend as they passed, Its never open, that place... 

Right, said Tonks, beckoning them forward to a 
window displaying nothing but a particularly ugly 

  616Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




female dummy whose false eyelashes were hanging off 
and who was modeling a green nylon pinafore dress. 
Everybody ready? 

They nodded, clustering around her; Moody gave 
Harry another shove between the shoulder blades to 
urge him forward and Tonks leaned close to the glass, 
looking up at the very ugly dummy and said, her 
breath steaming up the glass, Wotcher ... Were here 
to see Arthur Weasley. 

For a split second, Harry thought how absurd it was 
for Tonks to expect the dummy to hear her talking 
that quietly through a sheet of glass, when there were 
buses rumbling along behind her and all the racket of 
a street full of shoppers. Then he reminded himself 
that dummies could not hear anyway. Next second 
his mouth opened in shock as the dummy gave a tiny 
nod, beckoned its jointed finger, and Tonks had 
seized Ginny and Mrs. Weasley by the elbows, 
stepped right through the glass and vanished. 

Fred, George, and Ron stepped after them; Harry 
glanced around at the jostling crowd; not one of them 
seemed to have a glance to spare for window displays 
as ugly as Purge and Dowse Ltd.s, nor did any of 
them seem to have noticed that six people had just 
melted into thin air in front of them. 

Cmon, growled Moody, giving Harry yet another 
poke in the back and together they stepped forward 
through what felt like a sheet of cool water, emerging 
quite warm and dry on the other side. 

There was no sign of the ugly dummy or the space 
where she had stood. They had arrived in what 
seemed to be a crowded reception area where rows of 
witches and wizards sat upon rickety wooden chairs, 
some looking perfectly normal and perusing outof 
P a g e  617Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




date copies of Witch Weekly, others sporting gruesome 
disfigurements such as elephant trunks or extra 
hands sticking out of their chests. The room was 
scarcely less quiet than the street outside, for many of 
the patients were making very peculiar noises. A 
sweatyfaced witch in the center of the front row, who 
was fanning herself vigorously with a copy of the 
Daily Prophet, kept letting off a highpitched whistle 
as steam came pouring out of her mouth, and a 
grubbylooking warlock in the corner clanged like a 
bell every time he moved, and with each clang his 
head vibrated horribly, so that he had to seize himself 
by the ears and hold it steady. 

Witches and wizards in limegreen robes were walking 
up and down the rows, asking questions and making 
notes on clipboards like Umbridges. Harry noticed 
the emblem embroidered on their chests: a wand and 
bone, crossed. 

Are they doctors? he asked Ron quietly. 

Doctors? said Ron, looking startled. Those Muggle 
nutters that cut people up? Nah, theyre Healers. 

Over here! called Mrs. Weasley over the renewed 
clanging of the warlock in the corner, and they 
followed her to the queue in front of a plump blonde 
witch seated at a desk marked inquiries. The wall 
behind her was covered in notices and posters saying 
things like A CLEAN CAULDRON KEEPS POTIONS 
FROM BECOMING POISONS and ANTIDOTES ARE 
ANTIDONTS UNLESS APPROVED BY A QUALIFIED 
HEALER. 

There was also a large portrait of a witch with long 
silver ringlets that was labelled 

DILYS DERWENT 

  618Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




ST. MUNGOS HEALER 17221741 



HEADMISTRESS OF HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF 

WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY, I74II768 

Dilys was eyeing the Weasley party as though 
counting them; when Harry caught her eye she gave a 
tiny wink, walked sideways out of her portrait, and 
vanished. 

Meanwhile, at the front of the queue, a young wizard 
was performing an odd onthespot jig and trying, in 
between yelps of pain, to explain his predicament to 
the witch behind the desk. 

Its these  ouch  shoes my brother gave me  ow 
 theyre eating my  OUCH  feet  look at them, 
there must be some kind of  AARGH  jinx on them 
and I cant  AAAAARGH  get them off   

He hopped from one foot to the other as though 
dancing on hot coals. 

The shoes dont prevent you reading, do they? said 
the blonde witch irritably, pointing at a large sign to 
the left of her desk. You want Spell Damage, fourth 
floor. Just like it says on the floor guide. Next! 

The wizard hobbled and pranced sideways out of the 
way, the Weasley party moved forward a few steps 
and Harry read the floor guide: 

ARTIFACT ACCIDENTS Ground Floor 

(Cauldron explosion, wand backfiring, broom crashes, 
etc.) 



  619Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




CREATUREINDUCED INJURIES 



First Floor 



(Bites, stings, burns, embedded spines, etc.) 

MAGICAL BUGS Second Floor 

(Contagious maladies, e.g., dragon pox, vanishing 
sickness, scrofungulus) 

POTION AND PLANT POISONING .... Third Floor 

(Rashes, regurgitation, uncontrollable giggling, etc.) 

SPELL DAMAGE Fourth Floor 

(Unliftable jinxes, hexes, and incorrectly applied 
charms, etc.) 

VISITORS TEAROOM AND HOSPITAL SHOP... .Fifth 
Floor 

If you are unsure where to go, incapable, of normal 
speech, or unable to remember why you are here, our 
Welcome Witch will be pleased to help. 

A very old, stooped wizard with a hearing trumpet 
had shuffled to the front of the queue now. 

Im here to see Broderick Bode! he wheezed. 

Ward fortynine, but Im afraid youre wasting your 
time, said the witch dismissively Hes completely 
addled, you know, still thinks hes a teapot... Next! 

A harassedlooking wizard was holding his small 
daughter tightly by the ankle while she flapped 
around his head using the immensely large, feathery 
wings that had sprouted right out the back of her 
romper suit. 

  620Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fourth floor, said the witch in a bored voice, without 
asking, and the man disappeared through the double 
doors beside the desk, holding his daughter like an 
oddly shaped balloon. Next! 

Mrs. Weasley moved forward to the desk. 

Hello, she said. My husband, Arthur Weasley, was 
supposed to be moved to a different ward this 
morning, could you tell us  ? 

Arthur Weasley? said the witch, running her finger 
down a long list in front of her. Yes, first floor, 
second door on the right, Dai Llewellyn ward. 

Thank you, said Mrs. Weasley. Come on, you lot. 

They followed through the double doors and along the 
narrow corridor beyond, which was lined with more 
portraits of famous Healers and lit by crystal bubbles 
full of candles that floated up on the ceiling, looking 
like giant soapsuds. More witches and wizards in 
limegreen robes walked in and out of the doors they 
passed; a foulsmelling yellow gas wafted into the 
passageway as they passed one door, and every now 
and then they heard distant wailing. They climbed a 
flight of stairs and entered the CreatureInduced 
Injuries corridor, where the second door on the right 
bore the words DANGEROUS DAI LLEWELLYN 
WARD: SERIOUS BITES. Underneath this was a card 
in a brass holder on which had been handwritten 
HealerinCharge: Hippocrates Smethwyck, Trainee 
Healer: Augustus Pye. 

Well wait outside, Molly, Tonks said. Arthur wont 
want too many visitors at once... It ought to be just 
the family first. 



  621Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




MadEye growled his approval of this idea and set 
himself with his back against the corridor wall, his 
magical eye spinning in all directions. Harry drew 
back too, but Mrs. Weasley reached out a hand and 
pushed him through the door, saying, Dont be silly, 
Harry, Arthur wants to thank you... 

The ward was small and rather dingy as the only 
window was narrow and set high in the wall facing 
the door. Most of the light came from more shining 
crystal bubbles clustered in the middle of the ceiling. 
The walls were of panelled oak and there was a 
portrait of a rather viciouslooking wizard on the wall, 
captioned URQUHART RACKHARROW, 16121697, 
INVENTOR OF THE ENTRAIL EXPELLING CURSE. 

There were only three patients. Mr. Weasley was 
occupying the bed at the far end of the ward beside 
the tiny window. Harry was pleased and relieved to 
see that he was propped up on several pillows and 
reading the Daily Prophet by the solitary ray of 
sunlight falling onto his bed. He looked around as 
they walked toward him and, seeing whom it was, 
beamed. 

Hello! he called, throwing the Prophet aside. Bill 
just left, Molly, had to get back to work, but he says 
hell drop in on you later... 

How are you, Arthur? asked Mrs. Weasley, bending 
down to kiss his cheek and looking anxiously into his 
face. Youre still looking a bit peaky... 

I feel absolutely fine, said Mr. Weasley brightly, 
holding out his good arm to give Ginny a hug. If they 
could only take the bandages off, Id be fit to go 
home. 

Why cant they take them off, Dad? asked Fred. 

  622Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, I start bleeding like mad every time they try, 
said Mr. Weasley cheerfully, reaching across for his 
wand, which lay on his bedside cabinet, and waving it 
so that six extra chairs appeared at his bedside to 
seat them all. It seems there was some rather 
unusual kind of poison in that snakes fangs that 
keeps wounds open... Theyre sure theyll find an 
antidote, though, they say theyve had much worse 
cases than mine, and in the meantime I just have to 
keep taking a BloodReplenishing Potion every hour. 
But that fellow over there, he said, dropping his voice 
and nodding toward the bed opposite in which a man 
lay looking green and sickly and staring at the ceiling. 
Bitten by a werewolf, poor chap. No cure at all. 

A werewolf? whispered Mrs. Weasley, looking 
alarmed. Is he safe in a public ward? Shouldnt he be 
in a private room? 

Its two weeks till full moon, Mr. Weasley reminded 
her quietly. Theyve been talking to him this 
morning, the Healers, you know, trying to persuade 
him hell be able to lead an almost normal life. I said 
to him  didnt mention names, of course  but I 
said I knew a werewolf personally, very nice man, who 
finds the condition quite easy to manage... 

What did he say? asked George. 

Said hed give me another bite if I didnt shut up, 
said Mr. Weasley sadly. And that woman over there, 
he indicated the only other occupied bed, which was 
right beside the door, wont tell the Healers what bit 
her, which makes us all think it must have been 
something she was handling illegally. Whatever it was 
took a real chunk out of her leg, very nasty smell 
when they take off the dressings. 



  623Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




So, you going to tell us what happened, Dad? asked 
Fred, pulling his chair closer to the bed. 

Well, you already know, dont you? said Mr. 

Weasley, with a significant smile at Harry. Its very 
simple  Id had a very long day, dozed off, got 
sneaked up on, and bitten. 

Is it in the Prophet, you being attacked? asked Fred, 
indicating the newspaper Mr. Weasley had cast aside. 

No, of course not, said Mr. Weasley, with a slightly 
bitter smile, the Ministry wouldnt want everyone to 
know a dirty great serpent got   

Arthur! said Mrs. Weasley warningly. 

  got  er  me, Mr. Weasley said hastily, though 
Harry was quite sure that was not what he had meant 
to say. 

So where were you when it happened, Dad? asked 
George. 

Thats my business, said Mr. Weasley, though with 
a small smile. He snatched up the Daily Prophet, 
shook it open again and said, I was just reading 
about Willy Widdershinss arrest when you arrived. 
You know Willy turned out to be behind those 
regurgitating toilets last summer? One of his jinxes 
backfired, the toilet exploded, and they found him 
lying unconscious in the wreckage covered from head 
to foot in   

When you say you were on duty,  Fred interrupted 
in a low voice, what were you doing? 



  624Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You heard your father, whispered Mrs. Weasley, we 
are not discussing this here! Go on about Willy 
Widdershins, Arthur   

Well, dont ask me how, but he actually got off on the 
toilet charge, said Mr. Weasley grimly. I can only 
suppose gold changed hands   

You were guarding it, werent you? said George 
quietly. The weapon? The thing YouKnow Whos 
after? 

George, be quiet! snapped Mrs. Weasley. 

Anyway, said Mr. Weasley in a raised voice, this 
time Willys been caught selling biting doorknobs to 
Muggles, and I dont think hell be able to worm his 
way out of it because according to this article, two 
Muggles have lost fingers and are now in St. Mungos 
for emergency bone regrowth and memory 
modification. Just think of it, Muggles in St. Mungos! 
I wonder which ward theyre in? 

And he looked eagerly around as though hoping to 
see a signpost. 

Didnt you say YouKnow Whos got a snake, Harry? 
asked Fred, looking at his father for a reaction. A 
massive one? You saw it the night he returned, didnt 
you? 

Thats enough, said Mrs. Weasley crossly. MadEye 
and Tonks are outside, Arthur, they want to come 
and see you. And you lot can wait outside, she added 
to her children and Harry. You can come and say 
goodbye afterward. Go on... 



  625Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




They trooped back into the corridor. MadEye and 
Tonks went in and closed the door of the ward behind 
them. Fred raised his eyebrows. 

Fine, he said coolly, rummaging in his pockets, be 
like that. Dont tell us anything. 

Looking for these? said George, holding out what 
looked like a tangle of fleshcolored string. 

You read my mind, said Fred, grinning. Lets see if 
St. Mungos puts Imperturbable Charms on its ward 
doors, shall we? 

He and George disentangled the string and separated 
five Extendable Ears from each other. Fred and 
George handed them around. Harry hesitated to take 
one. 

Go on, Harry, take it! You saved Dads life, if 
anyones got the right to eavesdrop on him its you... 

Grinning in spite of himself, Harry took the end of the 
string and inserted it into his ear as the twins had 
done. 

Okay, go! Fred whispered. 

The fleshcolored strings wriggled like long skinny 
worms, then snaked under the door. For a few 
seconds Harry could hear nothing, then he heard 
Tonks whispering as clearly as though she were 
standing right beside him. 

"... they searched the whole area but they couldnt 
find the snake anywhere, it just seems to have 
vanished after it attacked you, Arthur... But You 
KnowWho cant have expected a snake to get in, can 
he? 

  626Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I reckon he sent it as a lookout, growled Moody,  
cause hes not had any luck so far, has he? No, I 
reckon hes trying to get a clearer picture of what hes 
facing and if Arthur hadnt been there the beast 
wouldve had much more time to look around. So 
Potter says he saw it all happen? 

Yes, said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded rather uneasy. 
You know, Dumbledore seems almost to have been 
waiting for Harry to see something like this... 

Yeah, well, said Moody, theres something funny 
about the Potter kid, we all know that. 

Dumbledore seemed worried about Harry when I 
spoke to him this morning, whispered Mrs. Weasley. 

 Course hes worried, growled Moody. The boys 
seeing things from inside YouKnow Whos snake... 
Obviously, Potter doesnt realize what that means, but 
if You Know Whos possessing him   

Harry pulled the Extendable Ear out of his own, his 
heart hammering very fast and heat rushing up his 
face. He looked around at the others. They were all 
staring at him, the strings still trailing from their 
ears, looking suddenly fearful. 



  627Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






CHRISTMAS ON THE CLOSED WARD 

Was this why Dumbledore would no longer meet 
Harrys eyes? Did he expect to see Voldemort staring 
out of them, afraid, perhaps, that their vivid green 
might turn suddenly to scarlet, with catlike slits for 
pupils? Harry remembered how the snakelike face of 
Voldemort had once forced itself out of the back of 
Professor Quirrells head, and he ran his hand over 
the back of his own, wondering what it would feel like 
if Voldemort burst out of his skull... 

He felt dirty, contaminated, as though he were 
carrying some deadly germ, unworthy to sit on the 
underground train back from the hospital with 
innocent, clean people whose minds and bodies were 
free of the taint of Voldemort... He had not merely 
seen the snake, he had been the snake, he knew it 
now. . . 

And then a truly terrible thought occurred to him, a 
memory bobbing to the surface of his mind, one that 
made his insides writhe and squirm like serpents... 



  628Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Whats he after apart from followers? 

Stuff he can only get by stealth ... like a weapon. 
Something he didnt have last time. 

Im the weapon, Harry thought, and it was as though 
poison were pumping through his veins, chilling him, 
bringing him out in a sweat as he swayed with the 
train through the dark tunnel. Im the one Voldemorts 
trying to use, thats why theyve got guards around me 
everywhere I go, its not for my protection, its for other 
peoples, only its not working, they cant have 
someone on me all the time at Hogwarts... I did attack 
Mr. Weasley last night, it was me, Voldemort made me 
do it and he could be inside me, listening to my 
thoughts right now... 

Are you all right, Harry, dear? whispered Mrs. 
Weasley, leaning across Ginny to speak to him as the 
train rattled along through its dark tunnel. You dont 
look very well. Are you feeling sick? 

They were all watching him. He shook his head 
violently and stared up at an advertisement for home 
insurance. 

Harry, dear, are you sure youre all right? said Mrs. 
Weasley in a worried voice, as they walked around the 
unkempt patch of grass in the middle of Grimmauld 
Place. You look ever so pale... Are you sure you slept 
this morning? You go upstairs to bed right now, and 
you can have a couple of hours sleep before dinner, 
all right? 

He nodded; here was a readymade excuse not to talk 
to any of the others, which was precisely what he 
wanted, so when she opened the front door he 
proceeded straight past the trolls leg umbrella stand 



  629Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and up the stairs and hurried into his and Rons 
bedroom. 

Here he began to pace up and down, past the two 
beds and Phineas Nigelluss empty portrait, his brain 
teeming and seething with questions and ever more 
dreadful ideas... 

How had he become a snake? Perhaps he was an 
Animagus... No, he couldnt be, he would know... 
perhaps Voldemort was an Animagus... Yes, thought 
Harry, that would fit, he would turn into a snake of 
course ... and when hes possessing me, then we both 
transform... That still doesnt explain how come I got to 
London and back to my bed in the space of about five 
minutes, though... But then Voldemort s about the most 
powerful wizard in the world, apart from Dumbledore, 
its probably no problem at all to him to transport 
people like that... 

And then, with a terrible stab of panic he thought, but 
this is insane  if Voldemorts possessing me, Im 
giving him a clear view into the headquarters of the 
Order of the Phoenix right now! Hell know whos in the 
Order and where Sirius is ... and Ive heard loads of 
stuff I shouldnt have, everything Sirius told me the 
first night I was here... 

There was only one thing for it: He would have to 
leave Grimmauld Place straightaway. He would spend 
Christmas at Hogwarts without the others, which 
would keep them safe over the holidays at least... But 
no, that wouldnt do, there were still plenty of people 
at Hogwarts to maim and injure, what if it was 
Seamus, Dean, or Neville next time? He stopped his 
pacing and stood staring at Phineas Nigelluss empty 
frame. A leaden sensation was settling in the pit of his 
stomach. He had no alternative: He was going to have 



  630Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




to return to Privet Drive, cut himself off from other 
wizards entirely... 



Well, if he had to do it, he thought, there was no point 
hanging around. Trying with all his might not to think 
how the Dursleys were going to react when they found 
him on their doorstep six months earlier than they 
had expected, he strode over to his trunk, slammed 
the lid shut and locked it, then glanced around 
automatically for Hedwig before remembering that she 
was still at Hogwarts  well, her cage would be one 
less thing to carry  he seized one end of his trunk 
and had dragged it halfway toward the door when a 
sneaky voice said, Running away, are we? 

He looked around. Phineas Nigellus had appeared 
upon the canvas of his portrait and was leaning 
against the frame, watching Harry with an amused 
expression on his face. 

Not running away, no, said Harry shortly, dragging 
his trunk a few more feet across the room. 

I thought, said Phineas Nigellus, stroking his 
pointed beard, that to belong in Gryffindor House 
you were supposed to be brave? It looks to me as 
though you would have been better off in my own 
house. We Slytherins are brave, yes, but not stupid. 
For instance, given the choice, we will always choose 
to save our own necks. 

Its not my own neck Im saving, said Harry tersely, 
tugging the trunk over a patch of particularly uneven, 
motheaten carpet right in front of the door. 

Oh I see, said Phineas Nigellus, still stroking his 
beard. This is no cowardly flight  you are being 
noble. 

  631Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry ignored him. His hand was on the doorknob 
when Phineas Nigellus said lazily, I have a message 
for you from Albus Dumbledore. 

Harry spun around. 

What is it? 

Stay where you are. 

I havent moved! said Harry, his hand still upon the 
doorknob. So whats the message? 

I have just given it to you, dolt, said Phineas 
Nigellus smoothly. Dumbledore says, Stay where 
you are.   

Why? said Harry eagerly, dropping the end of his 
trunk. Why does he want me to stay? What else did 
he say? 

Nothing whatsoever, said Phineas Nigellus, raising a 
thin black eyebrow as though he found Harry 
impertinent. 

Harrys temper rose to the surface like a snake 
rearing from long grass. He was exhausted, he was 
confused beyond measure, he had experienced terror, 
relief, and then terror again in the last twelve hours, 
and still Dumbledore did not want to talk to him! 

So thats it, is it? he said loudly. Stay there? Thats 
all anyone could tell me after I got attacked by those 
dementors too! Just stay put while the grownups 
sort it out, Harry! We wont bother telling you 
anything, though, because your tiny little brain might 
not be able to cope with it! 



  632Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You know, said Phineas Nigellus, even more loudly 
than Harry, this is precisely why I loathed being a 
teacher! Young people are so infernally convinced that 
they are absolutely right about everything. Has it not 
occurred to you, my poor puffedup popinjay, that 
there might be an excellent reason why the 
headmaster of Hogwarts is not confiding every tiny 
detail of his plans to you? Have you never paused, 
while feeling harddoneby, to note that following 
Dumbledore s orders has never yet led you into harm? 
No. No, like all young people, you are quite sure that 
you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, 
you alone are the only one clever enough to realize 
what the Dark Lord may be planning... 

He is planning something to do with me, then? said 
Harry swiftly. 

Did I say that? said Phineas Nigellus, idly examining 
his silk gloves. Now, if you will excuse me, I have 
better things to do than to listen to adolescent 
agonizing... Good day to you... 

And he strolled into his frame and out of sight. 

Fine, go then! Harry bellowed at the empty frame. 
And tell Dumbledore thanks for nothing! 

The empty canvas remained silent. Fuming, Harry 
dragged his trunk back to the foot of his bed, then 
threw himself facedown upon the motheaten covers, 
his eyes shut, his body heavy and aching. . . 

He felt he had journeyed miles and miles... It seemed 
impossible that less than twentyfour hours ago Cho 
Chang had been approaching him under the 
mistletoe... He was so tired... He was scared to sleep 
... yet he did not know how long he could fight it... 
Dumbledore had told him to stay... That must mean 
  633Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




he was allowed to sleep... But he was scared... What if 
it happened again ... ? 

He was sinking into shadows... 

It was as though a film in his head had been waiting 
to start. He was walking down a deserted corridor 
toward a plain black door, past rough stone walls, 
torches, and an open doorway onto a flight of stone 
steps leading downstairs on the left... 

He reached the black door but could not open it... He 
stood gazing at it, desperate for entry. . . Something he 
wanted with all his heart lay beyond... A prize beyond 
his dreams... If only his scar would stop prickling ... 
then he would be able to think more clearly. . . 

Harry, said Rons voice, from far, far away, Mum 
says dinners ready, but shell save you something if 
you want to stay in bed... 

Harry opened his eyes, but Ron had already left the 
room. 

He doesnt want to be on his own with me, Harry 
thought. Not after what he heard Moody say ... 

He supposed none of them would want him there 
anymore now that they knew what was inside him... 

He would not go down to dinner; he would not inflict 
his company upon them. He turned over onto his 
other side and after a while dropped back off to sleep, 
waking much later in the early hours of the morning, 
with his insides aching with hunger, and Ron snoring 
in the next bed. Squinting around the room he saw 
the dark outline of Phineas Nigellus standing again in 
his portrait and it occurred to Harry that Dumbledore 



  634Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




had probably set Phineas Nigellus to watch over him, 
in case he attacked somebody else. 

The feeling of being unclean intensified. He half 
wished he had not obeyed Dumbledore and stayed... 

If this was how life was going to be in Grimmauld 
Place from now on, maybe he would be better off in 
Privet Drive after all. 

Everybody else spent the following morning putting 
up Christmas decorations. Harry could not remember 
Sirius ever being in such a good mood; he was 
actually singing carols, apparently delighted that he 
was to have company over Christmas. Harry could 
hear his voice echoing up through the floor in the cold 
and empty drawing room where he was sitting alone, 
watching the sky outside the windows growing whiter, 
threatening snow, all the time feeling a savage 
pleasure that he was giving the others the 
opportunity to keep talking about him, as they were 
bound to be doing. When he heard Mrs. Weasley 
calling his name softly up the stairs around 
lunchtime he retreated farther upstairs and ignored 
her. 

It was around six oclock in the evening that the 
doorbell rang and Mrs. Black started screaming 
again. Assuming that Mundungus or some other 
Order member had come to call, Harry merely settled 
himself more comfortably against the wall of 
Buckbeak the hippogriffs room where he was hiding, 
trying to ignore how hungry he felt as he fed 
Buckbeak dead rats. It came as a slight shock when 
somebody hammered hard on the door a few minutes 
later. 

I know youre in there, said Hermiones voice. Will 
you please come out? I want to talk to you. 



  635Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What are you doing here? Harry asked her, pulling 
open the door, as Buckbeak resumed his scratching 
at the strawstrewn floor for any fragments of rat he 
might have dropped. I thought you were skiing with 
your mum and dad. 

Well, to tell the truth, skiings not really my thing, 
said Hermione. So Ive come for Christmas. There 
was snow in her hair and her face was pink with cold. 
But dont tell Ron that, I told him its really good 
because he kept laughing so much. Anyway, Mum 
and Dad are a bit disappointed, but Ive told them 
that everyone whos serious about the exams is 
staying at Hogwarts to study. They want me to do 
well, theyll understand. Anyway, she said briskly, 
lets go to your bedroom, Rons mums lit a fire in 
there and shes sent up sandwiches. 

Harry followed her back to the second floor. When he 
entered the bedroom he was rather surprised to see 
both Ron and Ginny waiting for them, sitting on Rons 
bed. 

I came on the Knight Bus, said Hermione airily, 
pulling off her jacket before Harry had time to speak. 
Dumbledore told me what had happened first thing 
this morning, but I had to wait for term to end 
officially before setting off. Umbridge is already livid 
that you lot disappeared right under her nose, even 
though Dumbledore told her Mr. Weasley was in St. 
Mungos, and hed given you all permission to visit. So 



She sat down next to Ginny, and the two girls and 
Ron looked up at Harry. 

Howre you feeling? asked Hermione. 

Fine, said Harry stiffly. 

  636Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh, dont lie, Harry, she said impatiently. Ron and 
Ginny say youve been hiding from everyone since you 
got back from St. Mungos. 

They do, do they? said Harry, glaring at Ron and 
Ginny. Ron looked down at his feet but Ginny seemed 
quite unabashed. 

Well, you have! she said. And you wont look at any 
of us! 

Its you lot who wont look at me! said Harry angrily. 

Maybe youre taking it in turns to look and keep 
missing each other, suggested Hermione, the corners 
of her mouth twitching. 

Very funny, snapped Harry, turning away. 

Oh, stop feeling all misunderstood, said Hermione 
sharply. Look, the others have told me what you 
overheard last night on the Extendable Ears   

Yeah? growled Harry, his hands deep in his pockets 
as he watched the snow now falling thickly outside. 
All been talking about me, have you? Well, Im 
getting used to it... 

We wanted to talk to you, Harry, said Ginny, but as 
youve been hiding ever since we got back   

I didnt want anyone to talk to me, said Harry, who 
was feeling more and more nettled. 

Well, that was a bit stupid of you, said Ginny 
angrily, seeing as you dont know anyone but me 
whos been possessed by YouKnowWho, and I can 
tell you how it feels. 



  637Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry remained quite still as the impact of these 
words hit him. Then he turned on the spot to face 
her. 



I forgot, he said. 

Lucky you, said Ginny coolly. 

Im sorry, Harry said, and he meant it. So ... so do 
you think Im being possessed, then? 

Well, can you remember everything youve been 
doing? Ginny asked. Are there big blank periods 
where you dont know what youve been up to? 

Harry racked his brains. 

No, he said. 

Then YouKnowWho hasnt ever possessed you, 
said Ginny simply. When he did it to me, I couldnt 
remember what Id been doing for hours at a time. Id 
find myself somewhere and not know how I got there. 

Harry hardly dared believe her, yet his heart was 
lightening almost in spite of himself. 

That dream I had about your dad and the snake, 
though   

Harry, youve had these dreams before, Hermione 
said. You had flashes of what Voldemort was up to 
last year. 

This was different, said Harry, shaking his head. I 
was inside that snake. It was like I was the snake... 
What if Voldemort somehow transported me to 
London  ? 

  638Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




One day, said Hermione, sounding thoroughly 
exasperated, youll read Hogwarts, A History, and 
perhaps that will remind you that you cant Apparate 
or Disapparate inside Hogwarts. Even Voldemort 
couldnt just make you fly out of your dormitory, 
Harry. 

You didnt leave your bed, mate, said Ron. I saw 
you thrashing around in your sleep about a minute 
before we could wake you up... 

Harry started pacing up and down the room again, 
thinking. What they were all saying was not only 
comforting, it made sense... Without really thinking 
he took a sandwich from the plate on the bed and 
crammed it hungrily into his mouth... 

Im not the weapon after all, thought Harry. His heart 
swelled with happiness and relief, and he felt like 
joining in as they heard Sirius tramping past their 
door toward Buckbeaks room, singing God Rest Ye 
Merry, Hippogriffs at the top of his voice. 

How could he have dreamed of returning to Privet 
Drive for Christmas? Siriuss delight at having the 
house full again, and especially at having Harry back, 
was infectious. He was no longer their sullen host of 
the summer; now he seemed determined that 
everyone should enjoy themselves as much, if not 
more, than they would have done at Hogwarts, and he 
worked tirelessly in the runup to Christmas Day, 
cleaning and decorating with their help, so that by 
the time they all went to bed on Christmas Eve the 
house was barely recognizable. The tarnished 
chandeliers were no longer hung with cobwebs but 
with garlands of holly and gold and silver streamers; 
magical snow glittered in heaps over the threadbare 
carpets; a great Christmas tree, obtained by 
Mundungus and decorated with live fairies, blocked 
  639Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Siriuss family tree from view; and even the stuffed elf 
heads on the hall wall wore Father Christmas hats 
and beards. 

Harry awoke on Christmas morning to find a stack of 
presents at the foot of his bed and Ron already 
halfway through opening his own, rather larger, pile. 

Good haul this year, he informed Harry through a 
cloud of paper. Thanks for the Broom Compass, its 
excellent, beats Hermiones  shes got me a 
homework planner   

Harry sorted through his presents and found one with 
Hermiones handwriting on it. She had given him too 
a book that resembled a diary, except that it said 
things like Do it today or later youll pay\ every time 
he opened a . 

Sirius and Lupin had given Harry a set of excellent 
books entitled Practical Defensive Magic and Its Use 
Against the Dark Arts, which had superb, moving 
color illustrations of all the counterjinxes and hexes it 
described. Harry flicked through the first volume 
eagerly; he could see it was going to be highly useful 
in his plans for the D.A. Hagrid had sent a furry 
brown wallet that had fangs, which were presumably 
supposed to be an antitheft device, but unfortunately 
prevented Harry putting any money in without getting 
his fingers ripped off. Tonkss present was a small, 
working model of a Firebolt, which Harry watched fly 
around the room, wishing he still had his fullsize 
version; Ron had given him an enormous box of 
EveryFlavor Beans; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley the usual 
handknitted jumper and some mince pies; and 
Dobby, a truly dreadful painting that Harry suspected 
had been done by the elf himself. He had just turned 
it upside down to see whether it looked better that 



  640Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




way when, with a loud crack, Fred and George 
Apparated at the foot of his bed. 



Merry Christmas, said George. Dont go downstairs 
for a bit. 

Why not? said Ron. 

Mums crying again, said Fred heavily. Percy sent 
back his Christmas jumper. 

Without a note, added George. Hasnt asked how 
Dad is or visited him or anything... 

We tried to comfort her, said Fred, moving around 
the bed to look at Harrys portrait. Told her Percys 
nothing more than a humongous pile of rat droppings 



  didnt work, said George, helping himself to a 
Chocolate Frog. So Lupin took over. Best let him 
cheer her up before we go down for breakfast, I 
reckon. 

Whats that supposed to be anyway? asked Fred, 
squinting at Dobbys painting. Looks like a gibbon 
with two black eyes. 

Its Harry! said George, pointing at the back of the 
picture. Says so on the back! 

Good likeness, said Fred, grinning. Harry threw his 
new homework diary at him; it hit the wall opposite 
and fell to the floor where it said happily, If youve 
dotted the is and crossed the ts then you may do 
whatever you pleasel 

They got up and dressed; they could hear various 
inhabitants of the house calling Merry Christmas to 

  641Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




each other. On their way downstairs they met 
Hermione. Thanks for the book, Harry! she said 
happily. Ive been wanting that New Theory of 
Numerology for ages! And that perfume is really 
unusual, Ron. 

No problem, said Ron. Whos that for anyway? he 
added, nodding at the neatly wrapped present she 
was carrying. 

Kreacher, said Hermione brightly. 

It had better not be clothes! said Ron warningly. 
You know what Sirius said, Kreacher knows too 
much, we cant set him free! 

It isnt clothes, said Hermione, although if I had my 
way Id certainly give him something to wear other 
than that filthy old rag. No, its a patchwork quilt, I 
thought it would brighten up his bedroom. 

What bedroom? said Harry, dropping his voice to a 
whisper as they were passing the portrait of Siriuss 
mother. 

Well, Sirius says its not so much a bedroom, more a 
kind of  den, said Hermione. Apparently he sleeps 
under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen. 

Mrs. Weasley was the only person in the basement 
when they arrived there. She was standing at the 
stove and sounded as though she had a bad head 
cold when she wished them Merry Christmas, and 
they all averted their eyes. 

So, this is Kreachers bedroom? said Ron, strolling 
over to a dingy door in the corner opposite the pantry 
which Harry had never seen open. 



  642Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, said Hermione, now sounding a little nervous. 
Er ... I think wed better knock ... 

Ron rapped the door with his knuckles but there was 
no reply. 

He must be sneaking around upstairs, he said, and 
without further ado pulled open the door. Urgh. 

Harry peered inside. Most of the cupboard was taken 
up with a very large and oldfashioned boiler, but in 
the foots space underneath the pipes Kreacher had 
made himself something that looked like a nest. A 
jumble of assorted rags and smelly old blankets were 
piled on the floor and the small dent in the middle of 
it showed where Kreacher curled up to sleep every 
night. Here and there among the material were stale 
bread crusts and moldy old bits of cheese. In a far 
corner glinted small objects and coins that Harry 
guessed Kreacher had saved, magpielike, from 
Siriuss purge of the house, and he had also managed 
to retrieve the silverframed family photographs that 
Sirius had thrown away over the summer. Their glass 
might be shattered, but still the little blackandwhite 
people inside them peered haughtily up at him, 
including  he felt a little jolt in his stomach  the 
dark, heavylidded woman whose trial he had 
witnessed in Dumbledores Pensieve: Bellatrix 
Lestrange. By the looks of it, hers was Kreacher s 
favorite photograph; he had placed it to the fore of all 
the others and had mended the glass clumsily with 
Spellotape. 

I think Ill just leave his present here, said 
Hermione, laying the package neatly in the middle of 
the depression in the rags and blankets and closing 
the door quietly. Hell find it later, thatll be fine... 



  643Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Come to think of it, said Sirius, emerging from the 
pantry carrying a large turkey as they closed the 
cupboard door, has anyone actually seen Kreacher 
lately? 

I havent seen him since the night we came back 
here, said Harry. You were ordering him out of the 
kitchen. 

Yeah ... said Sirius, frowning. You know, I think 
thats the last time I saw him, too... He must be 
hiding upstairs somewhere... 

He couldnt have left, could he? said Harry. I mean, 
when you said out, maybe he thought you meant, get 
out of the house? 

No, no, houseelves cant leave unless theyre given 
clothes, theyre tied to their familys house, said 
Sirius. 

They can leave the house if they really want to, 

Harry contradicted him. Dobby did, he left the 
Malfoys to give me warnings two years ago. He had to 
punish himself afterward, but he still managed it. 

Sirius looked slightly disconcerted for a moment, then 
said, Ill look for him later, I expect Ill find him 
upstairs crying his eyes out over my mothers old 
bloomers or something... Of course, he might have 
crawled into the airing cupboard and died... But I 
mustnt get my hopes up... 

Fred, George, and Ron laughed; Hermione, however, 
looked reproachful. 

Once they had had their Christmas lunch, the 
Weasleys and Harry and Hermione were planning to 
pay Mr. Weasley another visit, escorted by MadEye 

  644Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and Lupin. Mundungus turned up in time for 
Christmas pudding and trifle, having managed to 
borrow a car for the occasion, as the Underground 
did not run on Christmas Day. The car, which Harry 
doubted very much had been taken with the 
knowledge or consent of its owner, had had a similar 
Enlarging Spell put upon it as the Weasleys old Ford 
Anglia; although normally proportioned outside, ten 
people with Mundungus driving were able to fit into it 
quite comfortably. Mrs. Weasley hesitated at the point 
of getting inside; Harry knew that her disapproval of 
Mundungus was battling with her dislike of traveling 
without magic; finally the cold outside and her 
childrens pleading triumphed, and she settled herself 
into the backseat between Fred and Bill with good 
grace. 

The journey to St. Mungos was quite quick, as there 
was very little traffic on the roads. A small trickle of 
witches and wizards were creeping furtively up the 
otherwise deserted street to visit the hospital. Harry 
and the others got out of the car, and Mundungus 
drove off around the corner to wait for them; they 
strolled casually toward the window where the 
dummy in green nylon stood, then, one by one, 
stepped through the glass. 

The reception area looked pleasantly festive: The 
crystal orbs that illuminated St. Mungos had been 
turned to red and gold so that they became gigantic, 
glowing Christmas baubles; holly hung around every 
doorway, and shining white Christmas trees covered 
in magical snow and icicles glittered in every corner, 
each topped with a gleaming gold star. It was less 
crowded than the last time they had been there, 
although halfway across the room Harry found 
himself shunted aside by a witch with a walnut 
jammed up her left nostril. 



  645Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Family argument, eh? smirked the blonde witch 
behind the desk. Youre the third Ive seen today ... 
Spell Damage, fourth floor ... 

They found Mr. Weasley propped up in bed with the 
remains of his turkey dinner on a tray in his lap and 
a rather sheepish expression on his face. 

Everything all right, Arthur? asked Mrs. Weasley, 
after they had all greeted Mr. Weasley and handed 
over their presents. 

Fine, fine, said Mr. Weasley, a little too heartily. 

You  er  havent seen Healer Smethwyck, have 
you? 

No, said Mrs. Weasley suspiciously, why? 

Nothing, nothing, said Mr. Weasley airily, starting to 
unwrap his pile of gifts. Well, everyone had a good 
day? What did you all get for Christmas? Oh, Harry  
this is absolutely wonderful   

For he had just opened Harrys gift of fusewire and 
screwdrivers. Mrs. Weasley did not seem entirely 
satisfied with Mr. Weasleys answer. As her husband 
leaned over to shake Harrys hand, she peered at the 
bandaging under his nightshirt. 

Arthur, she said, with a snap in her voice like a 
mousetrap, youve had your bandages changed. Why 
have you had your bandages changed a day early, 
Arthur? They told me they wouldnt need doing until 
tomorrow. 

What? said Mr. Weasley, looking rather frightened 
and pulling the bed covers higher up his chest. No, 
no  its nothing  its  I   



  646Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He seemed to deflate under Mrs. Weasleys piercing 
gaze. 

Well  now dont get upset, Molly, but Augustus Pye 
had an idea... Hes the Trainee Healer, you know, 
lovely young chap and very interested in . . . um . . . 
complementary medicine... I mean, some of these old 
Muggle remedies ... well, theyre called stitches, Molly, 
and they work very well on  on Muggle wounds   

Mrs. Weasley let out an ominous noise somewhere 
between a shriek and a snarl. Lupin strolled away 
from the bed and over to the werewolf, who had no 
visitors and was looking rather wistfully at the crowd 
around Mr. Weasley; Bill muttered something about 
getting himself a cup of tea and Fred and George leapt 
up to accompany him, grinning. 

Do you mean to tell me, said Mrs. Weasley, her 
voice growing louder with every word and apparently 
unaware that her fellow visitors were scurrying for 
cover, that you have been messing about with 
Muggle remedies? 

Not messing about, Molly, dear, said Mr. Weasley 
imploringly. It was just  just something Pye and I 
thought wed try  only, most unfortunately  well, 
with these particular kinds of wounds  it doesnt 
seem to work as well as wed hoped   

Meaning? 

Well ... well, I dont know whether you know what  
what stitches are? 

It sounds as though youve been trying to sew your 
skin back together, said Mrs. Weasley with a snort of 
mirthless laughter, but even you, Arthur, wouldnt 
be that stupid   

  647Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I fancy a cup of tea too, said Harry, jumping to his 
feet. 



Hermione, Ron, and Ginny almost sprinted to the 
door with him. As it swung closed behind them, they 
heard Mrs. Weasley shriek, WHAT DO YOU MEAN, 
THATS THE GENERAL IDEA? 

Typical Dad, said Ginny, shaking her head as they 
set off up the corridor. Stitches ... I ask you ... 

Well, you know, they do work well on nonmagical 
wounds, said Hermione fairly. I suppose something 
in that snakes venom dissolves them or something... 
I wonder where the tearoom is? 

Fifth floor, said Harry, remembering the sign over 
the Welcome Witchs desk. 

They walked along the corridor through a set of 
double doors and found a rickety staircase lined with 
more portraits of brutallooking Healers. As they 
climbed it, the various Healers called out to them, 
diagnosing odd complaints and suggesting horrible 
remedies. Ron was seriously affronted when a 
medieval wizard called out that he clearly had a bad 
case of spattergroit. 

And whats that supposed to be? he asked angrily, 
as the Healer pursued him through six more 
portraits, shoving the occupants out of the way. 

 Tis a most grievous affliction of the skin, young 
master, that will leave you pockmarked and more 
gruesome even than you are now   

Watch who youre calling gruesome! said Ron, his 
ears turning red. 



  648Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The only remedy is to take the liver of a toad, bind it 
tight about your throat, stand naked by the full moon 
in a barrel of eels eyes   

I have not got spattergroit! 

But the unsightly blemishes upon your visage, young 
master   

Theyre freckles! said Ron furiously. Now get back 
in your own picture and leave me alone! 

He rounded on the others, who were all keeping 
determinedly straight faces. 

What floors this? 

I think its the fifth, said Hermione. 

Nah, its the fourth, said Harry, one more   

But as he stepped onto the landing he came to an 
abrupt halt, staring at the small window set into the 
double doors that marked the start of a corridor 
signposted SPELL DAMAGE. A man was peering out 
at them all with his nose pressed against the glass. 

He had wavy blond hair, bright blue eyes, and a 
broad vacant smile that revealed dazzlingly white 
teeth. 

Blimey! said Ron, also staring at the man. 

Oh my goodness, said Hermione suddenly, sounding 
breathless. Professor Lockhart! 

Their exDefense Against the Dark Arts teacher 
pushed open the doors and moved toward them, 
wearing a long lilac dressing gown. 



  649Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, hello there! he said. I expect youd like my 
autograph, would you? 

Hasnt changed much, has he? Harry muttered to 
Ginny, who grinned. 

Er  how are you, Professor? said Ron, sounding 
slightly guilty. It had been Rons malfunctioning wand 
that had damaged Professor Lockharts memory so 
badly that he had landed here in the first place, 
though, as Lockhart had been attempting to 
permanently wipe Harry and Rons memories at the 
time, Harrys sympathy was limited. 

Im very well indeed, thank you! said Lockhart 
exuberantly, pulling a rather battered peacockfeather 
quill from his pocket. Now, how many autographs 
would you like? I can do joinedup writing now, you 
know! 

Er  we dont want any at the moment, thanks, 
said Ron, raising his eyebrows at Harry, who asked, 
Professor, should you be wandering around the 
corridors? Shouldnt you be in a ward? 

The smile faded slowly from Lockharts face. For a few 
moments he gazed intently at Harry, then he said, 
Havent we met? 

Er ... yeah, we have, said Harry. You used to teach 
us at Hogwarts, remember? 

Teach? repeated Lockhart, looking faintly unsettled. 
Me? Did I? 

And then the smile reappeared upon his face so 
suddenly it was rather alarming. Taught you 
everything you know, I expect, did I? Well, how about 
those autographs, then? Shall we say a round dozen, 

  650Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




you can give them to all your little friends then and 
nobody will be left out! 



But just then a head poked out of a door at the far 
end of the corridor and a voice said, Gilderoy, you 
naughty boy, where have you wandered off to? 

A motherly looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in 
her hair came bustling up the corridor, smiling 
warmly at Harry and the others. 

Oh Gilderoy, youve got visitors! How lovely, and on 
Christmas Day too! Do you know, he never gets 
visitors, poor lamb, and I cant think why, hes such a 
sweetie, arent you? 

Were doing autographs! Gilderoy told the Healer 
with another glittering smile. They want loads of 
them, wont take no for an answer! I just hope weve 
got enough photographs! 

Listen to him, said the Healer, taking Lockharts 
arm and beaming fondly at him as though he were a 
precocious twoyearold. He was rather well known a 
few years ago; we very much hope that this liking for 
giving autographs is a sign that his memory might be 
coming back a little bit. Will you step this way? Hes 
in a closed ward, you know, he must have slipped out 
while I was bringing in the Christmas presents, the 
doors usually kept locked ... not that hes dangerous! 
But, she lowered her voice to a whisper, bit of a 
danger to himself, bless him... Doesnt know who he 
is, you see, wanders off and cant remember how to 
get back. . . It is nice of you to have come to see him  



Er, said Ron, gesturing uselessly at the floor above, 
actually, we were just  er   

  651Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But the Healer was smiling expectantly at them, and 
Rons feeble mutter of going to have a cup of tea 
trailed away into nothingness. They looked at one 
another rather hopelessly and then followed Lockhart 
and his Healer along the corridor. 

Lets not stay long, Ron said quietly. 

The Healer pointed her wand at the door of the Janus 
Thickey ward and muttered Alohomora. The door 
swung open and she led the way inside, keeping a 
firm grasp on Gilderoys arm until she had settled 
him into an armchair beside his bed. 

This is our longterm resident ward, she informed 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny in a low voice. For 
permanent spell damage, you know. Of course, with 
intensive remedial potions and charms and a bit of 
luck, we can produce some improvement... Gilderoy 
does seem to be getting back some sense of himself, 
and weve seen a real improvement in Mr. Bode, he 
seems to be regaining the power of speech very well, 
though he isnt speaking any language we recognize 
yet... Well, I must finish giving out the Christmas 
presents, Ill leave you all to chat... 

Harry looked around; this ward bore unmistakable 
signs of being a permanent home to its residents. 

They had many more personal effects around their 
beds than in Mr. Weasleys ward; the wall around 
Gilderoys headboard, for instance, was papered with 
pictures of himself, all beaming toothily and waving at 
the new arrivals. He had autographed many of them 
to himself in disjointed, childish writing. The moment 
he had been deposited in his chair by the Healer, 
Gilderoy pulled a fresh stack of photographs toward 
him, seized a quill, and started signing them all 
feverishly. 



  652Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You can put them in envelopes, he said to Ginny, 
throwing the signed pictures into her lap one by one 
as he finished them. I am not forgotten, you know, 
no, I still receive a very great deal of fan mail... Gladys 
Gudgeon writes weekly... I just wish I knew why... 

He paused, looking faintly puzzled, then beamed 
again and returned to his signing with renewed vigor. 
I suspect it is simply my good looks... 

A sallowskinned, mournfullooking wizard lay in the 
bed opposite, staring at the ceiling; he was mumbling 
to himself and seemed quite unaware of anything 
around him. Two beds along was a woman whose 
entire head was covered in fur; Harry remembered 
something similar happening to Hermione during 
their second year, although fortunately the damage, 
in her case, had not been permanent. At the far end 
of the ward flowery curtains had been drawn around 
two beds to give the occupants and their visitors some 
privacy. 

Here you are, Agnes, said the Healer brightly to the 
furryfaced woman, handing her a small pile of 
Christmas presents. See, not forgotten, are you? And 
your sons sent an owl to say hes visiting tonight, so 
thats nice, isnt it? 

Agnes gave several loud barks. 

And look, Broderick, youve been sent a potted plant 
and a lovely calendar with a different fancy hippogriff 
for each month, theyll brighten things up, wont 
they? said the Healer, bustling along to the 
mumbling man, setting a rather ugly plant with long, 
swaying tentacles on the bedside cabinet and fixing 
the calendar to the wall with her wand. And  oh, 
Mrs. Longbottom, are you leaving already? 



  653Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys head spun round. The curtains had been 
drawn back from the two beds at the end of the ward 
and two visitors were walking back down the aisle 
between the beds: a formidablelooking old witch 
wearing a long green dress, a motheaten fox fur, and 
a pointed hat decorated with what was unmistakably 
a stuffed vulture and, trailing behind her looking 
thoroughly depressed  Neville. 

With a sudden rush of understanding, Harry realized 
who the people in the end beds must be. He cast 
around wildly for some means of distracting the 
others so that Neville could leave the ward unnoticed 
and unquestioned, but Ron had looked up at the 
sound of the name Longbottom too, and before 
Harry could stop him had called, Neville\ 

Neville jumped and cowered as though a bullet had 
narrowly missed him. 

Its us, Neville! said Ron brightly, getting to his feet. 
Have you seen? Lockharts here! Whove you been 
visiting? 

Friends of yours, Neville, dear? said Nevilles 
grandmother graciously, bearing down upon them all. 

Neville looked as though he would rather be anywhere 
in the world but here. A dull purple flush was 
creeping up his plump face and he was not making 
eye contact with any of them. 

Ah, yes, said his grandmother, looking closely at 
Harry and sticking out a shriveled, clawlike hand for 
him to shake. Yes, yes, I know who you are, of 
course. Neville speaks most highly of you. 



  654Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Er  thanks, said Harry, shaking hands. Neville did 
not look at him, but stared at his own feet, the color 
deepening in his face all the while. 

And you two are clearly Weasleys, Mrs. Longbottom 
continued, proffering her hand regally to Ron and 
Ginny in turn. Yes, I know your parents  not well, 
of course  but fine people, fine people ... and you 
must be Hermione Granger? 

Hermione looked rather startled that Mrs. 

Longbottom knew her name, but shook hands all the 
same. 

Yes, Nevilles told me all about you. Helped him out 
of a few sticky spots, havent you? Hes a good boy, 
she said, casting a sternly appraising look down her 
rather bony nose at Neville, but he hasnt got his 
fathers talent, Im afraid to say... And she jerked her 
head in the direction of the two beds at the end of the 
ward, so that the stuffed vulture on her hat trembled 
alarmingly. 

What? said Ron, looking amazed (Harry wanted to 
stamp on Rons foot, but that sort of thing was much 
harder to bring off unnoticed when you were wearing 
jeans rather than robes). Is that your dad down the 
end, Neville? 

Whats this? said Mrs. Longbottom sharply. Havent 
you told your friends about your parents, Neville? 

Neville took a deep breath, looked up at the ceiling, 
and shook his head. Harry could not remember ever 
feeling sorrier for anyone, but he could not think of 
any way of helping Neville out of the situation. 

Well, its nothing to be ashamed of! said Mrs. 
Longbottom angrily. You should be proud, Neville, 

  655Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




proud). They didnt give their health and their sanity 
so their only son would be ashamed of them, you 
know! 

Im not ashamed, said Neville very faintly, still 
looking anywhere but at Harry and the others. Ron 
was now standing on tiptoe to look over at the 
inhabitants of the two beds. 

Well, youve got a funny way of showing it! said Mrs. 
Longbottom. My son and his wife, she said, turning 
haughtily to Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, were 
tortured into insanity by YouKnow Whos followers. 

Hermione and Ginny both clapped their hands over 
their mouths. Ron stopped craning his neck to catch 
a glimpse of Nevilles parents and looked mortified. 

They were Aurors, you know, and very well respected 
within the Wizarding community, Mrs. Longbottom 
went on. Highly gifted, the pair of them. I  yes, 

Alice dear, what is it? 

Nevilles mother had come edging down the ward in 
her nightdress. She no longer had the plump, happy 
looking face Harry had seen in Moodys old 
photograph of the original Order of the Phoenix. Her 
face was thin and worn now, her eyes seemed 
overlarge, and her hair, which had turned white, was 
wispy and deadlooking. She did not seem to want to 
speak, or perhaps she was not able to, but she made 
timid motions toward Neville, holding something in 
her outstretched hand. 

Again? said Mrs. Longbottom, sounding slightly 
weary. Very well, Alice dear, very well  Neville, take 
it, whatever it is... 



  656Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But Neville had already stretched out his hand, into 
which his mother dropped an empty Droobles 
Blowing Gum wrapper. 

Very nice, dear, said Nevilles grandmother in a 
falsely cheery voice, patting his mother on the 
shoulder. But Neville said quietly, Thanks Mum. 

His mother tottered away, back up the ward, 
humming to herself. Neville looked around at the 
others, his expression defiant, as though daring them 
to laugh, but Harry did not think hed ever found 
anything less funny in his life. 

Well, wed better get back, sighed Mrs. Longbottom, 
drawing on long green gloves. Very nice to have met 
you all. Neville, put that wrapper in the bin, she must 
have given you enough of them to paper your 
bedroom by now... 

But as they left, Harry was sure he saw Neville slip 
the wrapper into his pocket. 

The door closed behind them. 

I never knew, said Hermione, who looked tearful. 
Nor did I, said Ron rather hoarsely. 

Nor me, whispered Ginny. 

They all looked at Harry. 

I did, he said glumly. Dumbledore told me but I 
promised I wouldnt mention it ... thats what 
Bellatrix Lestrange got sent to Azkaban for, using the 
Cruciatus Curse on Nevilles parents until they lost 
their minds. 



  657Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Bellatrix Lestrange did that? whispered Hermione, 
horrified. That woman Kreachers got a photo of in 
his den? 



There was a long silence, broken by Lockharts angry 
voice. Look, I didnt learn joinedup writing for 
nothing, you know! 



  658Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





OCCLUMENCY 

Kreacher, it transpired, had been lurking in the attic. 
Sirius said he had found him up there, covered in 
dust, no doubt looking for more relics of the Black 
family to hide in his cupboard. Though Sirius seemed 
satisfied with this story, it made Harry uneasy. 
Kreacher seemed to be in a better mood on his 
reappearance, his bitter muttering had subsided 
somewhat, and he submitted to orders more docilely 
than usual, though once or twice Harry caught the 
houseelf staring avidly at him, always looking quickly 
away when he saw that Harry had noticed. 

Harry did not mention his vague suspicions to Sirius, 
whose cheerfulness was evaporating fast now that 
Christmas was over. As the date of their departure 
back to Hogwarts drew nearer, he became more and 
more prone to what Mrs. Weasley called fits of the 
sullens, in which he would become taciturn and 
grumpy, often withdrawing to Buckbeaks room for 
hours at a time. His gloom seeped through the house, 
oozing under doorways like some noxious gas, so that 
all of them became infected by it. 

  659Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Harry did not want to leave Sirius all alone again with 
only Kreacher for company. In fact, for the first time 
in his life, he was not looking forward to returning to 
Hogwarts. Going back to school would mean placing 
himself once again under the tyranny of Dolores 
Umbridge, who had no doubt managed to force 
through another dozen decrees in their absence. Then 
there was no Quidditch to look forward to now that he 
had been banned; there was every likelihood that 
their burden of homework would increase as the 
exams drew even nearer; Dumbledore remained as 
remote as ever; in fact, if it had not been for the D.A., 
Harry felt he might have gone to Sirius and begged 
him to let him leave Hogwarts and remain in 
Grimmauld Place. 

Then, on the very last day of the holidays, something 
happened that made Harry positively dread his return 
to school. 

Harry dear, said Mrs. Weasley, poking her head into 
his and Rons bedroom, where the pair of them were 
playing wizard chess watched by Hermione, Ginny, 
and Crookshanks, could you come down to the 
kitchen? Professor Snape would like a word with 
you. 

Harry did not immediately register what she had said; 
one of his castles was engaged in a violent tussle with 
a pawn of Rons, and he was egging it on 
enthusiastically. 

Squash him  squash him, hes only a pawn, you 
idiot  sorry, Mrs. Weasley, what did you say? 

Professor Snape, dear. In the kitchen. Hed like a 
word. 



  660Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys mouth fell open in horror. He looked around 
at Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, all of whom were 
gaping back at him. Crookshanks, whom Hermione 
had been restraining with difficulty for the past 
quarter of an hour, leapt gleefully upon the board and 
set the pieces running for cover, squealing at the top 
of their voices. 

Snape? said Harry blankly. 

Professor Snape, dear, said Mrs. Weasley 
reprovingly. Now come on, quickly, he says he cant 
stay long. 

Whats he want with you? said Ron, looking 
unnerved as Mrs. Weasley withdrew from the room. 

You havent done anything, have you? 

No! said Harry indignantly, racking his brains to 
think what he could have done that would make 
Snape pursue him to Grimmauld Place. Had his last 
piece of homework perhaps earned a T? 

He pushed open the kitchen door a minute or two 
later to find Sirius and Snape both seated at the long 
kitchen table, glaring in opposite directions. The 
silence between them was heavy with mutual dislike. 

A letter lay open on the table in front of Sirius. 

Er, said Harry to announce his presence. 

Snape looked around at him, his face framed between 
curtains of greasy black hair. 

Sit down, Potter. 

You know, said Sirius loudly, leaning back on his 
rear chair legs and speaking to the ceiling, I think Id 

  661Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




prefer it if you didnt give orders here, Snape. Its my 
house, you see. 

An ugly flush suffused Snape s pallid face. Harry sat 
down in a chair beside Sirius, facing Snape across the 
table. 

I was supposed to see you alone, Potter, said Snape, 
the familiar sneer curling his mouth, but Black   

Im his godfather, said Sirius, louder than ever. 

I am here on Dumbledores orders, said Snape, 
whose voice, by contrast, was becoming more and 
more quietly waspish, but by all means stay, Black, I 
know you like to feel ... involved. 

Whats that supposed to mean? said Sirius, letting 
his chair fall back onto all four legs with a loud bang. 

Merely that I am sure you must feel  ah  
frustrated by the fact that you can do nothing useful, 
Snape laid a delicate stress on the word, for the 
Order. 

It was Siriuss turn to flush. Snape s lip curled in 
triumph as he turned to Harry. 

The headmaster has sent me to tell you, Potter, that 
it is his wish for you to study Occlumency this term. 

Study what? said Harry blankly. 

Snapes sneer became more pronounced. 

Occlumency, Potter. The magical defense of the mind 
against external penetration. An obscure branch of 
magic, but a highly useful one. 



  662Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys heart began to pump very fast indeed. 

Defense against external penetration? But he was not 
being possessed, they had all agreed on that... 

Why do I have to study Occlu  thing? he blurted 
out. 

Because the headmaster thinks it a good idea, said 
Snape smoothly. You will receive private lessons 
once a week, but you will not tell anybody what you 
are doing, least of all Dolores Umbridge. You 
understand? 

Yes, said Harry. Whos going to be teaching me? 
Snape raised an eyebrow. 

I am, he said. 

Harry had the horrible sensation that his insides were 
melting. Extra lessons with Snape  what on earth 
had he done to deserve this? He looked quickly 
around at Sirius for support. 

Why cant Dumbledore teach Harry? asked Sirius 
aggressively. Why you? 

I suppose because it is a headmasters privilege to 
delegate less enjoyable tasks, said Snape silkily. I 
assure you I did not beg for the job. He got to his 
feet. I will expect you at six oclock on Monday 
evening, Potter. My office. If anybody asks, you are 
taking Remedial Potions. Nobody who has seen you in 
my classes could deny you need them. 

He turned to leave, his black traveling cloak billowing 
behind him. 



  663Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Wait a moment, said Sirius, sitting up straighter in 
his chair. 

Snape turned back to face them, sneering. 

I am in rather a hurry, Black ... unlike you, I do not 
have unlimited leisure time... 

Ill get to the point, then, said Sirius, standing up. 

He was rather taller than Snape who, Harry noticed, 
had balled his fist in the pocket of his cloak over what 
Harry was sure was the handle of his wand. If I hear 
youre using these Occlumency lessons to give Harry 
a hard time, youll have me to answer to. 

How touching, Snape sneered. But surely you have 
noticed that Potter is very like his father? 

Yes, I have, said Sirius proudly. 

Well then, youll know hes so arrogant that criticism 
simply bounces off him, Snape said sleekly. 

Sirius pushed his chair roughly aside and strode 
around the table toward Snape, pulling out his wand 
as he went; Snape whipped out his own. They were 
squaring up to each other, Sirius looking livid, Snape 
calculating, his eyes darting from Siriuss wand tip to 
his face. 

Sirius! said Harry loudly, but Sirius appeared not to 
hear him. 

Ive warned you, Snivellus, said Sirius, his face 
barely a foot from Snape s, I dont care if Dumbledore 
thinks youve reformed, I know better   

Oh, but why dont you tell him so? whispered 
Snape. Or are you afraid he might not take the 

  664Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




advice of a man who has been hiding inside his 
mothers house for six months very seriously? 

Tell me, how is Lucius Malfoy these days? I expect 
hes delighted his lapdogs working at Hogwarts, isnt 
he? 

Speaking of dogs, said Snape softly, did you know 
that Lucius Malfoy recognized you last time you 
risked a little jaunt outside? Clever idea, Black, 
getting yourself seen on a safe station platform . . . 
gave you a castiron excuse not to leave your hidey 
hole in future, didnt it? 

Sirius raised his wand. 

NO! Harry yelled, vaulting over the table and trying 
to get in between them, Sirius, dont   

Are you calling me a coward? roared Sirius, trying to 
push Harry out of the way, but Harry would not 
budge. 

Why, yes, I suppose I am, said Snape. 

Harry  get  out  of  it! snarled Sirius, 
pushing him out of the way with his free hand. 

The kitchen door opened and the entire Weasley 
family, plus Hermione, came inside, all looking very 
happy, with Mr. Weasley walking proudly in their 
midst dressed in a pair of striped pajamas covered by 
a mackintosh. 

Cured! he announced brightly to the kitchen at 
large. Completely cured! 

He and all the other Weasleys froze on the threshold, 
gazing at the scene in front of them, which was also 

  665Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




suspended in midaction, both Sirius and Snape 
looking toward the door with their wands pointing 
into each others faces and Harry immobile between 
them, a hand stretched out to each of them, trying to 
force them apart. 

Merlins beard, said Mr. Weasley, the smile sliding 
off his face, whats going on here? 

Both Sirius and Snape lowered their wands. Harry 
looked from one to the other. Each wore an 
expression of utmost contempt, yet the unexpected 
entrance of so many witnesses seemed to have 
brought them to their senses. Snape pocketed his 
wand and swept back across the kitchen, passing the 
Weasleys without comment. At the door he looked 
back. 

Six oclock Monday evening, Potter. 

He was gone. Sirius glared after him, his wand at his 
side. 

But whats been going on? asked Mr. Weasley again. 

Nothing, Arthur, said Sirius, who was breathing 
heavily as though he had just run a long distance. 
Just a friendly little chat between two old school 
friends... With what looked like an enormous effort, 
he smiled. So ... youre cured? Thats great news, 
really great... 

Yes, isnt it? said Mrs. Weasley, leading her 
husband forward into a chair. Healer Smethwyck 
worked his magic in the end, found an antidote to 
whatever that snakes got in its fangs, and Arthurs 
learned his lesson about dabbling in Muggle 
medicine, havent you, dear? she added, rather 
menacingly. 

  666Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, Molly dear, said Mr. Weasley meekly. 

That nights meal should have been a cheerful one 
with Mr. Weasley back amongst them; Harry could 
tell Sirius was trying to make it so, yet when his 
godfather was not forcing himself to laugh loudly at 
Fred and Georges jokes or offering everyone more 
food, his face fell back into a moody, brooding 
expression. Harry was separated from him by 
Mundungus and MadEye, who had dropped in to 
offer Mr. Weasley their congratulations; he wanted to 
talk to Sirius, to tell him that he should not listen to a 
word Snape said, that Snape was goading him 
deliberately and that the rest of them did not think 
Sirius was a coward for doing as Dumbledore told 
him and remaining in Grimmauld Place, but he had 
no opportunity to do so, and wondered occasionally, 
eyeing the ugly look on Siriuss face, whether he 
would have dared to even if he had the chance. 

Instead he told Ron and Hermione under his voice 
about having to take Occlumency lessons with Snape. 

Dumbledore wants to stop you having those dreams 
about Voldemort, said Hermione at once. Well, you 
wont be sorry not to have them anymore, will you? 

Extra lessons with Snape? said Ron, sounding 
aghast. Id rather have the nightmares! 

They were to return to Hogwarts on the Knight Bus 
the following day, escorted once again by Tonks and 
Lupin, both of whom were eating breakfast in the 
kitchen when Harry, Ron, and Hermione arrived there 
next morning. The adults seemed to have been 
midway through a whispered conversation when the 
door opened; all of them looked around hastily and 
fell silent. 



  667Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




After a hurried breakfast they pulled on jackets and 
scarves against the chilly gray January morning. 

Harry had an unpleasant constricted sensation in his 
chest; he did not want to say goodbye to Sirius. He 
had a bad feeling about this parting; he did not know 
when they would next see each other and felt that it 
was incumbent upon him to say something to Sirius 
to stop him doing anything stupid  Harry was 
worried that Snapes accusation of cowardice had 
stung Sirius so badly he might even now be planning 
some foolhardy trip beyond Grimmauld Place. Before 
he could think of what to say, however, Sirius had 
beckoned him to his side. 

I want you to take this, he said quietly, thrusting a 
badly wrapped package roughly the size of a 
paperback book into Harrys hands. 

What is it? Harry asked. 

A way of letting me know if Snapes giving you a hard 
time. No, dont open it in here! said Sirius, with a 
wary look at Mrs. Weasley, who was trying to 
persuade the twins to wear handknitted mittens. I 
doubt Molly would approve  but I want you to use it 
if you need me, all right? 

Okay, said Harry, stowing the package away in the 
inside pocket of his jacket, but he knew he would 
never use whatever it was. It would not be he, Harry, 
who lured Sirius from his place of safety, no matter 
how foully Snape treated him in their forthcoming 
Occlumency classes. 

Lets go, then, said Sirius, clapping Harry on the 
shoulder and smiling grimly, and before Harry could 
say anything else, they were heading upstairs, 
stopping before the heavily chained and bolted front 
door, surrounded by Weasleys. 

  668Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Goodbye, Harry, take care, said Mrs. Weasley, 
hugging him. 

See you Harry, and keep an eye out for snakes for 
me! said Mr. Weasley genially, shaking his hand. 

Right  yeah, said Harry distractedly. It was his 
last chance to tell Sirius to be careful; he turned, 
looked into his godfathers face and opened his mouth 
to speak, but before he could do so Sirius was giving 
him a brief, onearmed hug. He said gruffly, Look 
after yourself, Harry, and next moment Harry found 
himself being shunted out into the icy winter air, with 
Tonks (today heavily disguised as a tall, tweedy 
woman with irongray hair) chivvying him down the 
steps. 

The door of number twelve slammed shut behind 
them. They followed Lupin down the front steps. As 
he reached the pavement, Harry looked around. 
Number twelve was shrinking rapidly as those on 
either side of it stretched sideways, squeezing it out of 
sight; one blink later, it had gone. 

Come on, the quicker we get on the bus the better, 
said Tonks, and Harry thought there was 
nervousness in the glance she threw around the 
square. Lupin flung out his right arm. 

BANG. 

A violently purple, tripledecker bus had appeared out 
of thin air in front of them, narrowly avoiding the 
nearest lamppost, which jumped backward out of its 
way. 

A thin, pimply, jugeared youth in a purple uniform 
leapt down onto the pavement and said, Welcome to 
the   

  669Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, yes, we know, thank you, said Tonks swiftly. 
On, on, get on  

And she shoved Harry forward toward the steps, past 
the conductor, who goggled at Harry as he passed. 

 Ere  its Arry  ! 



If you shout his name I will curse you into oblivion, 
muttered Tonks menacingly, now shunting Ginny and 
Hermione forward. 

Ive always wanted to go on this thing, said Ron 
happily, joining Harry on board and looking around. 

It had been evening the last time Harry had traveled 
by Knight Bus and its three decks had been full of 
brass bedsteads. Now, in the early morning, it was 
crammed with an assortment of mismatched chairs 
grouped haphazardly around windows. Some of these 
appeared to have fallen over when the bus stopped 
abruptly in Grimmauld Place; a few witches and 
wizards were still getting to their feet, grumbling, and 
somebodys shopping bag had slid the length of the 
bus; an unpleasant mixture of frog spawn, 
cockroaches, and custard creams was scattered all 
over the floor. 

Looks like well have to split up, said Tonics briskly, 
looking around for empty chairs. Fred, George, and 
Ginny, if you just take those seats at the back ... 
Remus can stay with you... 

She, Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded up to the 
very top deck, where there were two chairs at the very 
front of the bus and two at the back. Stan Shunpike, 
the conductor, followed Harry and Ron eagerly to the 
back. Heads turned as Harry passed and when he sat 



  670Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




down, he saw all the faces flick back to the front 
again. 

As Harry and Ron handed Stan eleven Sickles each, 
the bus set off again, swaying ominously. It rumbled 
around Grimmauld Square, weaving on and off the 
pavement, then, with another tremendous BANG, 
they were all flung backward; Rons chair toppled 
right over and Pigwidgeon, who had been on his lap, 
burst out of his cage and flew twittering wildly up to 
the front of the bus where he fluttered down upon 
Hermiones shoulder instead. Harry, who had 
narrowly avoided falling by seizing a candle bracket, 
looked out of the window: they were now speeding 
down what appeared to be a motorway. 

Just outside Birmingham, said Stan happily, 
answering Harrys unasked question as Ron struggled 
up from the floor. You keepin well, then, Arry? I 
seen your name in the paper loads over the summer, 
but it werent never nuffink very nice... I said to Ern, I 
said, e didnt seem like a nutter when we met im, 
just goes to show, dunnit?  

He handed over their tickets and continued to gaze, 
enthralled, at Harry; apparently Stan did not care 
how nutty somebody was if they were famous enough 
to be in the paper. The Knight Bus swayed 
alarmingly, overtaking a line of cars on the inside. 
Looking toward the front of the bus Harry saw 
Hermione cover her eyes with her hands, Pigwidgeon 
still swaying happily on her shoulder. 

BANG. 

Chairs slid backward again as the Knight Bus jumped 
from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country 
lane full of hairpin bends. Hedgerows on either side of 
the road were leaping out of their way as they 

  671Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




mounted the verges. From here they moved to a main 
street in the middle of a busy town, then to a viaduct 
surrounded by tall hills, then to a windswept road 
between highrise flats, each time with a loud BANG. 

Ive changed my mind, muttered Ron, picking 
himself up from the floor for the sixth time, I never 
want to ride on here again. 

Listen, its Ogwarts stop after this, said Stan 
brightly, swaying toward them. That bossy woman 
up front oo got on with you, shes given us a little tip 
to move you up the queue. Were just gonna let 
Madam Marsh off first, though   There was more 
retching from downstairs, followed by a horrible 
spattering sound. Shes not feeling er best. 

A few minutes later the Knight Bus screeched to a 
halt outside a small pub, which squeezed itself out of 
the way to avoid a collision. They could hear Stan 
ushering the unfortunate Madam Marsh out of the 
bus and the relieved murmurings of her fellow 
passengers on the second deck. The bus moved on 
again, gathering speed, until  

BANG. 

They were rolling through a snowy Hogsmeade. Harry 
caught a glimpse of the Hogs Head down its side 
street, the severed boars head sign creaking in the 
wintry wind. Flecks of snow hit the large window at 
the front of the bus. At last they rolled to a halt 
outside the gates to Hogwarts. 

Lupin and Tonks helped them off the bus with their 
luggage and then got off to say goodbye. Harry 
glanced up at the three decks of the Knight Bus and 
saw all the passengers staring down at them, noses 
flat against the windows. 

  672Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Youll be safe once youre in the grounds, said 
Tonks, casting a careful eye around at the deserted 
road. Have a good term, okay? 

Look after yourselves, said Lupin, shaking hands all 
round and reaching Harry last. And listen ... He 
lowered his voice while the rest of them exchanged 
lastminute goodbyes with Tonks, Harry, I know you 
dont like Snape, but he is a superb Occlumens and 
we all  Sirius included  want you to learn to 
protect yourself, so work hard, all right? 

Yeah, all right, said Harry heavily, looking up into 
Lupins prematurely lined face. See you, then ... 

The six of them struggled up the slippery drive toward 
the castle dragging their trunks. Hermione was 
already talking about knitting a few elf hats before 
bedtime. Harry glanced back when they reached the 
oak front doors; the Knight Bus had already gone, 
and he halfwished, given what was coming the 
following day, that he was still on board. 

Harry spent most of the next day dreading the 
evening. His morning Potions lesson did nothing to 
dispel his trepidation, as Snape was as unpleasant as 
ever, and Harrys mood was further lowered by the 
fact that members of the D.A. were continually 
approaching him in the corridors between classes, 
asking hopefully whether there would be a meeting 
that night. 

Ill let you know when the next one is, Harry said 
over and over again, but I cant do it tonight, Ive got 
to go to  er  Remedial Potions... 

You take Remedial Potions? asked Zacharias Smith 
superciliously, having cornered Harry in the entrance 



  673Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hall after lunch. Good Lord, you must be terrible, 
Snape doesnt usually give extra lessons, does he? 

As Smith strode away in an annoyingly buoyant 
fashion, Ron glared after him. 

Shall I jinx him? I can still get him from here, he 
said, raising his wand and taking aim between 
Smiths shoulder blades. 

Forget it, said Harry dismally. Its what everyones 
going to think, isnt it? That Im really stup   

Hi, Harry, said a voice behind him. He turned 
around and found Cho standing there. 

Oh, said Harry as his stomach leapt uncomfortably. 
Hi. 

Well be in the library, Harry, said Hermione firmly, 
and she seized Ron above the elbow and dragged him 
off toward the marble staircase. 

Had a good Christmas? asked Cho. 

Yeah, not bad, said Harry. 

Mine was pretty quiet, said Cho. For some reason, 
she was looking rather embarrassed. Erm ... theres 
another Hogsmeade trip next month, did you see the 
notice? 

What? Oh no, I havent checked the notice board 
since I got back... 

Yes, its on Valentines Day... 

Right, said Harry, wondering why she was telling 
him this. Well, I suppose you want to  ? 

  674Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Only if you do, she said eagerly. 

Harry stared. He had been about to say I suppose 
you want to know when the next D.A. meeting is? 
but her response did not seem to fit. 

I  er   he said. 

Oh, its okay if you dont, she said, looking 
mortified. Dont worry. IIll see you around. 

She walked away. Harry stood staring after her, his 
brain working frantically. Then something clunked 
into place. 

Cho! Hey  CHO! 

He ran after her, catching her halfway up the marble 
staircase. 

Er  dyou want to come into Hogsmeade with me on 
Valentines Day? 

Oooh, yes! she said, blushing crimson and beaming 
at him. 

Right ... well ... thats settled then, said Harry, and 
feeling that the day was not going to be a complete 
loss after all, he headed off to the library to pick up 
Ron and Hermione before their afternoon lessons, 
walking in a rather bouncy way himself. 

By six oclock that evening, however, even the glow of 
having successfully asked out Cho Chang was 
insufficient to lighten the ominous feelings that 
intensified with every step Harry took toward Snapes 
office. 



  675Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He paused outside the door when he reached it, 
wishing he were almost anywhere else, then, taking a 
deep breath, knocked, and entered. 

It was a shadowy room lined with shelves bearing 
hundreds of glass jars in which floated slimy bits of 
animals and plants, suspended in variously colored 
potions. In a corner stood the cupboard full of 
ingredients that Snape had once accused Harry  not 
without reason  of robbing. Harrys attention was 
drawn toward the desk, however, where a shallow 
stone basin engraved with runes and symbols lay in a 
pool of candlelight. Harry recognized it at once  
Dumbledores Pensieve. Wondering what on earth it 
was doing here, he jumped when Snapes cold voice 
came out of the corner. 

Shut the door behind you, Potter. 

Harry did as he was told with the horrible feeling that 
he was imprisoning himself as he did so. When he 
turned back to face the room Snape had moved into 
the light and was pointing silently at the chair 
opposite his desk. Harry sat down and so did Snape, 
his cold black eyes fixed unblinkingly upon Harry, 
dislike etched in every line of his face. 

Well, Potter, you know why you are here, he said. 
The headmaster has asked me to teach you 
Occlumency. I can only hope that you prove more 
adept at it than Potions. 

Right, said Harry tersely. 

This may not be an ordinary class, Potter, said 
Snape, his eyes narrowed malevolently, but I am still 
your teacher and you will therefore call me sir or 
Professor at all times. 



  676Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes ... sir, said Harry. 



Now, Occlumency. As I told you back in your dear 
godfathers kitchen, this branch of magic seals the 
mind against magical intrusion and influence. 

And why does Professor Dumbledore think I need it, 
sir? said Harry, looking directly into Snapes dark, 
cold eyes and wondering whether he would answer. 

Snape looked back at him for a moment and then 
said contemptuously, Surely even you could have 
worked that out by now, Potter? The Dark Lord is 
highly skilled at Legilimency   

Whats that? Sir? 

It is the ability to extract feelings and memories from 
another persons mind   

He can read minds? said Harry quickly, his worst 
fears confirmed. 

You have no subtlety, Potter, said Snape, his dark 
eyes glittering. You do not understand fine 
distinctions. It is one of the shortcomings that makes 
you such a lamentable potionmaker. 

Snape paused for a moment, apparently to savor the 
pleasure of insulting Harry, before continuing, Only 
Muggles talk of mind reading.  The mind is not a 
book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. 
Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be 
perused by any invader. The mind is a complex and 
manylayered thing, Potter ... or at least, most minds 
are... He smirked. It is true, however, that those 
who have mastered Legilimency are able, under 
certain conditions, to delve into the minds of their 
victims and to interpret their findings correctly. The 
  677Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dark Lord, for instance, almost always knows when 
somebody is lying to him. Only those skilled at 
Occlumency are able to shut down those feelings and 
memories that contradict the lie, and so utter 
falsehoods in his presence without detection. 

Whatever Snape said, Legilimency sounded like mind 
reading to Harry and he did not like the sound of it at 
all. 

So he could know what were thinking right now? 
Sir? 

The Dark Lord is at a considerable distance and the 
walls and grounds of Hogwarts are guarded by many 
ancient spells and charms to ensure the bodily and 
mental safety of those who dwell within them, said 
Snape. Time and space matter in magic, Potter. Eye 
contact is often essential to Legilimency. 

Well then, why do I have to learn Occlumency? 

Snape eyed Harry, tracing his mouth with one long, 
thin finger as he did so. 

The usual rules do not seem to apply with you, 
Potter. The curse that failed to kill you seems to have 
forged some kind of connection between you and the 
Dark Lord. The evidence suggests that at times, when 
your mind is most relaxed and vulnerable  when 
you are asleep, for instance  you are sharing the 
Dark Lords thoughts and emotions. The headmaster 
thinks it inadvisable for this to continue. He wishes 
me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark 
Lord. 

Harrys heart was pumping fast again. None of this 
added up. 



  678Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But why does Professor Dumbledore want to stop it? 
he asked abruptly. I dont like it much, but its been 
useful, hasnt it? I mean ... I saw that snake attack 
Mr. Weasley and if I hadnt, Professor Dumbledore 
wouldnt have been able to save him, would he? Sir? 

Snape stared at Harry for a few moments, still tracing 
his mouth with his finger. When he spoke again, it 
was slowly and deliberately, as though he weighed 
every word. 

It appears that the Dark Lord has been unaware of 
the connection between you and himself until very 
recently. Up till now it seems that you have been 
experiencing his emotions and sharing his thoughts 
without his being any the wiser. However, the vision 
you had shortly before Christmas   

The one with the snake and Mr. Weasley? 

Do not interrupt me, Potter, said Snape in a 
dangerous voice. As I was saying ... the vision you 
had shortly before Christmas represented such a 
powerful incursion upon the Dark Lords thoughts   

I saw inside the snakes head, not his! 

I thought I just told you not to interrupt me, Potter? 

But Harry did not care if Snape was angry; at last he 
seemed to be getting to the bottom of this business. 

He had moved forward in his chair so that, without 
realizing it, he was perched on the very edge, tense as 
though poised for flight. 

How come I saw through the snakes eyes if its 
Voldemorts thoughts Im sharing? 

Do not say the Dark Lords name\ spat Snape. 

  679Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There was a nasty silence. They glared at each other 
across the Pensieve. 

Professor Dumbledore says his name, said Harry 
quietly. 

Dumbledore is an extremely powerful wizard, Snape 
muttered. While he may feel secure enough to use 
the name ... the rest of us ... He rubbed his left 
forearm, apparently unconsciously, on the spot where 
Harry knew the Dark Mark was burned into his skin. 

I just wanted to know, Harry began again, forcing 
his voice back to politeness, why   

You seem to have visited the snakes mind because 
that was where the Dark Lord was at that particular 
moment, snarled Snape. He was possessing the 
snake at the time and so you dreamed you were 
inside it too... 

And Vol  he  realized I was there? 

It seems so, said Snape coolly. 

How do you know? said Harry urgently. Is this just 
Professor Dumbledore guessing, or  ? 

I told you, said Snape, rigid in his chair, his eyes 
slits, to call me sir.  

Yes, sir, said Harry impatiently, but how do you 
know  ? 

It is enough that we know, said Snape repressively. 
The important point is that the Dark Lord is now 
aware that you are gaining access to his thoughts and 
feelings. He has also deduced that the process is 
likely to work in reverse; that is to say, he has 
  680Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




realized that he might be able to access your thoughts 
and feelings in return   

And he might try and make me do things? asked 
Harry. Sir? he added hurriedly. 

He might, said Snape, sounding cold and 
unconcerned. Which brings us back to Occlumency. 

Snape pulled out his wand from an inside pocket of 
his robes and Harry tensed in his chair, but Snape 
merely raised the wand to his temple and placed its 
tip into the greasy roots of his hair. When he 
withdrew it, some silvery substance came away, 
stretching from temple to wand like a thick gossamer 
strand, which broke as he pulled the wand away from 
it and fell gracefully into the Pensieve, where it 
swirled silvery white, neither gas nor liquid. Twice 
more Snape raised the wand to his temple and 
deposited the silvery substance into the stone basin, 
then, without offering any explanation of his behavior, 
he picked up the Pensieve carefully, removed it to a 
shelf out of their way and returned to face Harry with 
his wand held at the ready. 

Stand up and take out your wand, Potter. 

Harry got to his feet feeling nervous. They faced each 
other with the desk between them. 

You may use your wand to attempt to disarm me, or 
defend yourself in any other way you can think of, 
said Snape. 

And what are you going to do? Harry asked, eyeing 
Snape s wand apprehensively. 

I am about to attempt to break into your mind, said 
Snape softly. We are going to see how well you resist. 

  681Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I have been told that you have already shown 
aptitude at resisting the Imperius Curse... You will 
find that similar powers are needed for this... Brace 
yourself, now... LegilimensV 

Snape had struck before Harry was ready, before 
Harry had even begun to summon any force of 
resistance: the office swam in front of his eyes and 
vanished, image after image was racing through his 
mind like a flickering film so vivid it blinded him to 
his surroundings... 

He was five, watching Dudley riding a new red bicycle, 
and his heart was bursting with jealousy... He was 
nine, and Ripper the bulldog was chasing him up a 
tree and the Dursleys were laughing below on the 
lawn. . . He was sitting under the Sorting Hat, and it 
was telling him he would do well in Slytherin... 
Hermione was lying in the hospital wing, her face 
covered with thick black hair. . . A hundred dementors 
were closing in on him beside the dark lake... Cho 
Chang was drawing nearer to him under the 
mistletoe... 

No, said a voice in Harrys head, as the memory of 
Cho drew nearer, youre not watching that, youre not 
watching it, its private  

He felt a sharp pain in his knee. Snape s office had 
come back into view and he realized that he had 
fallen to the floor; one of his knees had collided 
painfully with the leg of Snape s desk. He looked up at 
Snape, who had lowered his wand and was rubbing 
his wrist. There was an angry weal there, like a 
scorch mark. 

Did you mean to produce a Stinging Hex? asked 
Snape coolly. 



  682Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, said Harry bitterly, getting up from the floor. 

I thought not, said Snape contemptuously. You let 
me get in too far. You lost control. 

Did you see everything I saw? Harry asked, unsure 
whether he wanted to hear the answer. 

Flashes of it, said Snape, his lip curling. To whom 
did the dog belong? 

My Aunt Marge, Harry muttered, hating Snape. 

Well, for a first attempt that was not as poor as it 
might have been, said Snape, raising his wand once 
more. You managed to stop me eventually, though 
you wasted time and energy shouting. You must 
remain focused. Repel me with your brain and you 
will not need to resort to your wand. 

Im trying, said Harry angrily, but youre not telling 
me how! 

Manners, Potter, said Snape dangerously. Now, I 
want you to close your eyes. 

Harry threw him a filthy look before doing as he was 
told. He did not like the idea of standing there with 
his eyes shut while Snape faced him, carrying a 
wand. 

Clear your mind, Potter, said Snape s cold voice. 
Let go of all emotion... 

But Harrys anger at Snape continued to pound 
through his veins like venom. Let go of his anger? He 
could as easily detach his legs... 



  683Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Youre not doing it, Potter... You will need more 
discipline than this... Focus, now... 

Harry tried to empty his mind, tried not to think, or 
remember, or feel... 

Lets go again ... on the count of three ... one  two 
 three  Legilimensl 

A great black dragon was rearing in front of him... His 
father and mother were waving at him out of an 
enchanted mirror. . . Cedric Diggory was lying on the 
ground with blank eyes staring at him... 

NOOOOOOO! 

He was on his knees again, his face buried in his 
hands, his brain aching as though someone had been 
trying to pull it from his skull. 

Get up! said Snape sharply. Get up! You are not 
trying, you are making no effort, you are allowing me 
access to memories you fear, handing me weapons! 

Harry stood up again, his heart thumping wildly as 
though he had really just seen Cedric dead in the 
graveyard. Snape looked paler than usual, and 
angrier, though not nearly as angry as Harry was. 

I  am  making  an  effort, he said through 
clenched teeth. 

I told you to empty yourself of emotion! 

Yeah? Well, Im finding that hard at the moment, 
Harry snarled. 

Then you will find yourself easy prey for the Dark 
Lord! said Snape savagely. Fools who wear their 

  684Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hearts proudly on their sleeves, who cannot control 
their emotions, who wallow in sad memories and 
allow themselves to be provoked this easily  weak 
people, in other words  they stand no chance 
against his powers! He will penetrate your mind with 
absurd ease, Potter! 

I am not weak, said Harry in a low voice, fury now 
pumping through him so that he thought he might 
attack Snape in a moment. 

Then prove it! Master yourself! spat Snape. Control 
your anger, discipline your mind! We shall try again! 
Get ready, now! Legilimens\ 

He was watching Uncle Vernon hammering the letter 
box shut... A hundred dementors were drifting across 
the lake in the grounds toward him... He was running 
along a windowless passage with Mr. Weasley... They 
were drawing nearer to the plain black door at the 
end of the corridor. . . Harry expected to go through it 
. . . but Mr. Weasley led him off to the left, down a 
flight of stone steps... 

I KNOW! I KNOW! 

He was on all fours again on Snapes office floor, his 
scar was prickling unpleasantly, but the voice that 
had just issued from his mouth was triumphant. He 
pushed himself up again to find Snape staring at him, 
his wand raised. It looked as though, this time, Snape 
had lifted the spell before Harry had even tried to 
fight back. 

What happened then, Potter? he asked, eyeing 
Harry intently. 

I saw  I remembered, Harry panted. Ive just 
realized ... 

  685Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Realized what? asked Snape sharply. 

Harry did not answer at once; he was still savoring 
the moment of blinding realization as he rubbed his 
forehead... 

He had been dreaming about a windowless corridor 
ending in a locked door for months, without once 
realizing that it was a real place. Now, seeing the 
memory again, he knew that all along he had been 
dreaming about the corridor down which he had run 
with Mr. Weasley on the twelfth of August as they 
hurried to the courtrooms in the Ministry. It was the 
corridor leading to the Department of Mysteries, and 
Mr. Weasley had been there the night that he had 
been attacked by Voldemorts snake... 

He looked up at Snape. 

Whats in the Department of Mysteries? 

What did you say? Snape asked quietly and Harry 
saw, with deep satisfaction, that Snape was 
unnerved. 

I said, whats in the Department of Mysteries, sir? 
Harry said. 

And why, said Snape slowly, would you ask such a 
thing? 

Because, said Harry, watching Snape closely for a 
reaction, that corridor Ive just seen  Ive been 
dreaming about it for months  Ive just recognized it 
 it leads to the Department of Mysteries . . . and I 
think Voldemort wants something from   

I have told you not to say the Dark Lords name\ 



  686Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




They glared at each other. Harrys scar seared again, 
but he did not care. Snape looked agitated. When he 
spoke again he sounded as though he was trying to 
appear cool and unconcerned. 

There are many things in the Department of 
Mysteries, Potter, few of which you would understand 
and none of which concern you, do I make myself 
plain? 

Yes, Harry said, still rubbing his prickling scar, 
which was becoming more painful. 

I want you back here same time on Wednesday, and 
we will continue work then. 

Fine, said Harry. He was desperate to get out of 
Snape s office and find Ron and Hermione. 

You are to rid your mind of all emotion every night 
before sleep  empty it, make it blank and calm, you 
understand? 

Yes, said Harry, who was barely listening. 

And be warned, Potter ... I shall know if you have not 
practiced ... 

Right, Harry mumbled. He picked up his schoolbag, 
swung it over his shoulder, and hurried toward the 
office door. As he opened it he glanced back at Snape, 
who had his back to Harry and was scooping his own 
thoughts out of the Pensieve with the tip of his wand 
and replacing them carefully inside his own head. 
Harry left without another word, closing the door 
carefully behind him, his scar still throbbing 
painfully. 



  687Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry found Ron and Hermione in the library, where 
they were working on Umbridges most recent ream of 
homework. Other students, nearly all of them fifth 
years, sat at lamplit tables nearby, noses close to 
books, quills scratching feverishly, while the sky 
outside the mullioned windows grew steadily blacker. 
The only other sound was the slight squeaking of one 
of Madam Pinces shoes as the librarian prowled the 
aisles menacingly, breathing down the necks of those 
touching her precious books. 

Harry felt shivery; his scar was still aching, he felt 
almost feverish. When he sat down opposite Ron and 
Hermione he caught sight of himself in the window 
opposite. He was very white, and his scar seemed to 
be showing up more clearly than usual. 

How did it go? Hermione whispered, and then, 
looking concerned, Are you all right, Harry? 

Yeah ... fine ... I dunno, said Harry impatiently, 
wincing as pain shot through his scar again. Listen 
... Ive just realized something... 

And he told them what he had just seen and deduced. 

So ... so, are you saying ... whispered Ron, as 
Madam Pince swept past, squeaking slightly, that the 
weapon  the thing YouKnow Whos after  is in 
the Ministry of Magic? 

In the Department of Mysteries, its got to be, Harry 
whispered. I saw that door when your dad took me 
down to the courtrooms for my hearing and its 
definitely the same one he was guarding when the 
snake bit him. 

Hermione let out a long, slow sigh. Of course, she 
breathed. 

  688Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Of course what? said Ron rather impatiently. 

Ron, think about it... Sturgis Podmore was trying to 
get through a door at the Ministry of Magic... It must 
have been that one, its too much of a coincidence! 

How come Sturgis was trying to break in when hes 
on our side? said Ron. 

Well, I dont know, Hermione admitted. That is a bit 
odd... 

So whats in the Department of Mysteries? Harry 
asked Ron. Has your dad ever mentioned anything 
about it? 

I know they call the people who work in there 
Unspeakables,  said Ron, frowning. Because no one 
really seems to know what they do in there... Weird 
place to have a weapon ... 

Its not weird at all, it makes perfect sense, said 
Hermione. It will be something top secret that the 
Ministry has been developing, I expect... Harry, are 
you sure youre all right? 

For Harry had just run both his hands hard over his 
forehead as though trying to iron it. 

Yeah ... fine ... he said, lowering his hands, which 
were trembling. I just feel a bit ... I dont like 
Occlumency much... 

I expect anyone would feel shaky if theyd had their 
mind attacked over and over again, said Hermione 
sympathetically. Look, lets get back to the common 
room, well be a bit more comfortable there... 



  689Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But the common room was packed and full of shrieks 
of laughter and excitement; Fred and George were 
demonstrating their latest bit of joke shop 
merchandise. 

Headless Hats! shouted George, as Fred waved a 
pointed hat decorated with a fluffy pink feather at the 
watching students. Two Galleons each  watch 
Fred, now! 

Fred swept the hat onto his head, beaming. For a 
second he merely looked rather stupid, then both hat 
and head vanished. 

Several girls screamed, but everyone else was roaring 
with laughter. 

And off again! shouted George, and Freds hand 
groped for a moment in what seemed to be thin air 
over his shoulder; then his head reappeared as he 
swept the pinkfeathered hat from it again. 

How do those hats work, then? said Hermione, 
distracted from her homework and watching Fred and 
George. I mean, obviously its some kind of 
Invisibility Spell, but its rather clever to have 
extended the field of invisibility beyond the 
boundaries of the charmed object... Id imagine the 
charm wouldnt have a very long life though... 

Harry did not answer; he was still feeling ill. 

Im going to have to do this tomorrow, he muttered, 
pushing the books he had just taken out of his bag 
back inside it. 

Well, write it in your homework planner then! said 
Hermione encouragingly. So you dont forget! 



  690Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry and Ron exchanged looks as he reached into 
his bag, withdrew the planner and opened it 
tentatively. 

 Dont leave it till later, you big secondrateri chided 
the book as Harry scribbled down Umbridges 
homework. Hermione beamed at it. 

I think 111 go to bed, said Harry, stuffing the 
homework planner back into his bag and making a 
mental note to drop it in the fire the first opportunity 
he got. 

He walked across the common room, dodging George, 
who tried to put a Headless Hat on him, and reached 
the peace and cool of the stone staircase to the boys 
dormitories. He was feeling sick again, just as he had 
the night he had had the vision of the snake, but 
thought that if he could just lie down for a while he 
would be all right. 

He opened the door of his dormitory and was one step 
inside it when he experienced pain so severe he 
thought that someone must have sliced into the top of 
his head. He did not know where he was, whether he 
was standing or lying down, he did not even know his 
own name... 

Maniacal laughter was ringing in his ears... He was 
happier than he had been in a very long time... 
Jubilant, ecstatic, triumphant ... A wonderful, 
wonderful thing had happened... 

Harry? HARRY! 

Someone had hit him around the face. The insane 
laughter was punctuated with a cry of pain. The 
happiness was draining out of him, but the laughter 
continued... 

  691Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He opened his eyes and as he did so, he became 
aware that the wild laughter was coming out of his 
own mouth. The moment he realized this, it died 
away; Harry lay panting on the floor, staring up at the 
ceiling, the scar on his forehead throbbing horribly. 
Ron was bending over him, looking very worried. 

What happened? he said. 

I ... dunno ... Harry gasped, sitting up again. Hes 
really happy ... really happy ... 

YouKnowWho is? 

Something goods happened, mumbled Harry. He 
was shaking as badly as he had done after seeing the 
snake attack Mr. Weasley and felt very sick. 
Something hes been hoping for. 

The words came, just as they had back in the 
Gryffindor changing room, as though a stranger was 
speaking them through Harrys mouth, yet he knew 
they were true. He took deep breaths, willing himself 
not to vomit all over Ron. He was very glad that Dean 
and Seamus were not here to watch this time. 

Hermione told me to come and check on you, said 
Ron in a low voice, helping Harry to his feet. She 
says your defenses will be low at the moment, after 
Snapes been fiddling around with your mind... Still, I 
suppose itll help in the long run, wont it? 

He looked doubtfully at Harry as he helped him 
toward bed. Harry nodded without any conviction and 
slumped back on his pillows, aching all over from 
having fallen to the floor so often that evening, his 
scar still prickling painfully. He could not help feeling 
that his first foray into Occlumency had weakened his 
minds resistance rather than strengthening it, and 
  692Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




he wondered, with a feeling of great trepidation, what 
had happened to make Lord Voldemort the happiest 
he had been in fourteen years. 



  693Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE BEETLE AT BAY 

Harrys question was answered the very next 
morning. When Hermiones Daily Prophet arrived she 
smoothed it out, gazed for a moment at the front 
, and then gave a yelp that caused everyone in 
the vicinity to stare at her. 

What? said Harry and Ron together. 

For an answer she spread the newspaper on the table 
in front of them and pointed at ten blackandwhite 
photographs that filled the whole of the front , 
nine showing wizards faces and the tenth, a witchs. 
Some of the people in the photographs were silently 
jeering; others were tapping their fingers on the frame 
of their pictures, looking insolent. Each picture was 
captioned with a name and the crime for which the 
person had been sent to Azkaban. 

Antonin Dolohov, read the legend beneath a wizard 
with a long, pale, twisted face who was sneering up at 
Harry, convicted of the brutal murders of Gideon and 
Fabian Prewett. 

  694Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Augustus Rookwood, said the caption beneath a 
pockmarked man with greasy hair who was leaning 
against the edge of his picture, looking bored, 
convicted of leaking Ministry of Magic Secrets to He 
WhoMustNotBeNamed. 

But Harrys eyes were drawn to the picture of the 
witch. Her face had leapt out at him the moment he 
had seen the . She had long, dark hair that 
looked unkempt and straggly in the picture, though 
he had seen it sleek, thick, and shining. She glared 
up at him through heavily lidded eyes, an arrogant, 
disdainful smile playing around her thin mouth. Like 
Sirius, she retained vestiges of great good looks, but 
something  perhaps Azkaban  had taken most of 
her beauty. 

Bellatrix Lestrange, convicted of the torture and 
permanent incapacitation of Frank and Alice 
Longbottom. 

Hermione nudged Harry and pointed at the headline 
over the pictures, which Harry, concentrating on 
Bellatrix, had not yet read. 

MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABAN 

MINISTRY FEARS BLACK IS RALLYING POINT 

FOR OLD DEATH EATERS 

Black? said Harry loudly. Not  ? 

 Shhh\  whispered Hermione desperately. Not so loud 
 just read it! 

The Ministry of Magic announced late last night that 
there has been a mass breakout from Azkaban. 



  695Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Speaking to reporters in his private office, Cornelius 
Fudge, Minister of Magic, confirmed that ten high 
security prisoners escaped in the early hours of 
yesterday evening, and that he has already informed 
the Muggle Prime Minister of the dangerous nature of 
these individuals. 

We find ourselves, most unfortunately, in the same 
position we were two and a half years ago when the 
murderer Sirius Black escaped,  said Fudge last night. 
Nor do we think the two breakouts are unrelated. An 
escape of this magnitude suggests outside help, and 
we must remember that Black, as the first person ever 
to break out of Azkaban, would be ideally placed to 
help others follow in his footsteps. We think it likely 
that these individuals, who include Blacks cousin, 
Bellatrix Lestrange, have rallied around Black as their 
leader. We are, however, doing all we can to round up 
the criminals and beg the magical community to remain 
alert and cautious. On no account should any of these 
individuals be approached.  

There you are, Harry, said Ron, looking awestruck. 
Thats why he was happy last night... 

I dont believe this, snarled Harry, Fudge is blaming 
the breakout on Sirius? 

What other options does he have? said Hermione 
bitterly. He can hardly say, Sorry everyone, 
Dumbledore warned me this might happen, the 
Azkaban guards have joined Lord Voldemort  stop 
whimpering, Ron  and now Voldemorts worst 
supporters have broken out too. I mean, hes spent a 
good six months telling everyone you and Dumbledore 
are liars, hasnt he? 

Hermione ripped open the newspaper and began to 
read the report inside while Harry looked around the 

  696Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Great Hall. He could not understand why his fellow 
students were not looking scared or at least 
discussing the terrible piece of news on the front 
, but very few of them took the newspaper every 
day like Hermione. There they all were, talking about 
homework and Quidditch and who knew what other 
rubbish, and outside these walls ten more Death 
Eaters had swollen Voldemorts ranks... 

He glanced up at the staff table. It was a different 
story here: Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall 
were deep in conversation, both looking extremely 
grave. Professor Sprout had the Prophet propped 
against a bottle of ketchup and was reading the front 
 with such concentration that she was not 
noticing the gentle drip of egg yolk falling into her lap 
from her stationary spoon. Meanwhile, at the far end 
of the table, Professor Umbridge was tucking into a 
bowl of porridge. For once her pouchy toads eyes 
were not sweeping the Great Hall looking for 
misbehaving students. She scowled as she gulped 
down her food and every now and then she shot a 
malevolent glance up the table to where Dumbledore 
and McGonagall were talking so intently. 

Oh my   said Hermione wonderingly, still staring at 
the newspaper. 

What now? said Harry quickly; he was feeling 
jumpy. 

Its ... horrible, said Hermione, looking shaken. She 
folded back  ten of the newspaper and handed it 
back to Harry and Ron. 

TRAGIC DEMISE OF 

MINISTRY OF MAGIC WORKER 



  697Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




St. Mungos Hospital promised a full inquiry last 
night after Ministry of Magic worker Broderick Bode, 
49, was discovered dead in his bed, strangled by a 
pottedplant. Healers called to the scene were unable 
to revive Mr. Bode, who had been injured in a 
workplace accident some weeks prior to his death. 

Healer Miriam Strout, who was in charge of Mr. 

Bodes ward at the time of the incident, has been 
suspended on full pay and was unavailable for 
comment yesterday, but a spokeswizard for the 
hospital said in a statement, St. Mungos deeply 
regrets the death of Mr. Bode, whose health was 
improving steadily prior to this tragic accident. 

We have strict guidelines on the decorations 
permitted on our wards but it appears that Healer 
Strout, busy over the Christmas period, overlooked 
the dangers of the plant on Mr. Bodes bedside table. 
As his speech and mobility improved, Healer Strout 
encouraged Mr. Bode to look after the plant himself, 
unaware that it was not an innocent Flitterbloom, but 
a cutting of Devils Snare, which, when touched by 
the convalescent Mr. Bode, throttled him instantly. 

St. Mungos is as yet unable to account for the 
presence of the plant on the ward and asks any witch 
or wizard with information to come forward. 

Bode ... said Ron. Bode. It rings a bell... 

We saw him, Hermione whispered. In St. Mungos, 
remember? He was in the bed opposite Lockharts, 
just lying there, staring at the ceiling. And we saw the 
Devils Snare arrive. She  the Healer  said it was a 
Christmas present... 

Harry looked back at the story. A feeling of horror was 
rising like bile in his throat. 

  698Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




How come we didnt recognize Devils Snare ... ? 
Weve seen it before ... we couldve stopped this from 
happening ... 

Who expects Devils Snare to turn up in a hospital 
disguised as a potted plant? said Ron sharply. Its 
not our fault, whoever sent it to the bloke is to blame! 
They must be a real prat, why didnt they check what 
they were buying? 

Oh come on, Ron! said Hermione shakily, I dont 
think anyone could put Devils Snare in a pot and not 
realize it tries to kill whoever touches it? This  this 
was murder... A clever murder, as well... If the plant 
was sent anonymously, hows anyone ever going to 
find out who did it? 

Harry was not thinking about Devils Snare. He was 
remembering taking the lift down to the ninth level of 
the Ministry on the day of his hearing, and the 
sallowfaced man who had got in on the Atrium level. 

I met Bode, he said slowly. I saw him at the 
Ministry with your dad ... 

Rons mouth fell open. 

Ive heard Dad talk about him at home! He was an 
Unspeakable  he worked in the Department of 
Mysteries! 

They looked at one another for a moment, then 
Hermione pulled the newspaper back toward her, 
closed it, glared for a moment at the pictures of the 
ten escaped Death Eaters on the front, then leapt to 
her feet. 

Where are you going? said Ron, startled. 



  699Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




To send a letter, said Hermione, swinging her bag 
onto her shoulder. It ... well, I dont know whether ... 
but its worth trying ... and Im the only one who can 



I hate it when she does that, grumbled Ron as he 
and Harry got up from the table and made their own, 
slower way out of the Great Hall. Would it kill her to 
tell us what shes up to for once? Itd take her about 
ten more seconds  hey, Hagrid! 

Hagrid was standing beside the doors into the 
entrance hall, waiting for a crowd of Ravenclaws to 
pass. He was still as heavily bruised as he had been 
on the day he had come back from his mission to the 
giants and there was a new cut right across the 
bridge of his nose. 

All righ, you two? he said, trying to muster a smile 
but managing only a kind of pained grimace. 

Are you okay, Hagrid? asked Harry, following him as 
he lumbered after the Ravenclaws. 

Fine, fine, said Hagrid with a feeble assumption of 
airiness; he waved a hand and narrowly missed 
concussing a frightenedlooking Professor Vector, who 
was passing. Jus busy, yeh know, usual stuff  
lessons ter prepare  couple o salamanders got scale 
rot  an Im on probation, he mumbled. 

 Youre on probation? said Ron very loudly, so that 
many students passing looked around curiously. 
Sorry  I mean  youre on probation? he 
whispered. 

Yeah, said Hagrid.  Sno moren I expected, ter tell 
yeh the truth. Yeh migh notve picked up on it, bu 
that inspection didn go too well, yeh know ... 

  700Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




anyway, he sighed deeply. Bes go an mb a bit more 
chili powder on them salamanders or their tailsll be 
hangin off em next. See yeh, Harry ... Ron ... 

He trudged away, out the front doors and down the 
stone steps into the damp grounds. Harry watched 
him go, wondering how much more bad news he 
could stand. 

The fact that Hagrid was now on probation became 
common knowledge within the school over the next 
few days, but to Harrys indignation, hardly anybody 
appeared to be upset about it; indeed, some people, 
Draco Malfoy prominent among them, seemed 
positively gleeful. As for the freakish death of an 
obscure Department of Mysteries employee in St. 
Mungos, Harry, Ron, and Hermione seemed to be the 
only people who knew or cared. There was only one 
topic of conversation in the corridors now: the ten 
escaped Death Eaters, whose story had finally filtered 
through the school from those few people who read 
the newspapers. Rumors were flying that some of the 
convicts had been spotted in Hogsmeade, that they 
were supposed to be hiding out in the Shrieking 
Shack and that they were going to break into 
Hogwarts, just as Sirius Black had done. 

Those who came from Wizarding families had grown 
up hearing the names of these Death Eaters spoken 
with almost as much fear as Voldemorts; the crimes 
they had committed during the days of Voldemorts 
reign of terror were legendary. There were relatives of 
their victims among the Hogwarts students, who now 
found themselves the unwilling objects of a gruesome 
sort of reflected fame as they walked the corridors: 
Susan Bones, who had an uncle, aunt, and cousins 
who had all died at the hands of one of the ten, said 
miserably during Herbology that she now had a good 
idea what it felt like to be Harry. 

  701Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And I dont know how you stand it, its horrible, she 
said bluntly, dumping far too much dragon manure 
on her tray of Screechsnap seedlings, causing them to 
wriggle and squeak in discomfort. 

It was true that Harry was the subject of much 
renewed muttering and pointing in the corridors these 
days, yet he thought he detected a slight difference in 
the tone of the whisperers voices. They sounded 
curious rather than hostile now, and once or twice he 
was sure he overheard snatches of conversation that 
suggested that the speakers were not satisfied with 
the Prophets version of how and why ten Death 
Eaters had managed to break out of Azkaban fortress. 
In their confusion and fear, these doubters now 
seemed to be turning to the only other explanation 
available to them, the one that Harry and 
Dumbledore had been expounding since the previous 
year. 

It was not only the students mood that had changed. 
It was now quite common to come across two or three 
teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the 
corridors, breaking off their conversations the 
moment they saw students approaching. 

They obviously cant talk freely in the staffroom 
anymore, said Hermione in a low voice, as she, 

Harry, and Ron passed Professors McGonagall, 
Flitwick, and Sprout huddled together outside the 
Charms classroom one day. Not with Umbridge 
there. 

Reckon they know anything new? said Ron, gazing 
back over his shoulder at the three teachers. 

If they do, were not going to hear about it, are we? 
said Harry angrily. Not after Decree ... What number 
are we on now? 

  702Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




For new signs had appeared on the house notice 
boards the morning after news of the Azkaban 
breakout: 

 BY ORDER OF  

THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS 

Teachers are hereby banned from giving students any 
information that is not strictly related to the subjects 
they are paid to teach. 

The above is in accordance with 

Educational Decree Number Twentysix. 

Signed: 

Dolores Jane Umbridge 
HIGH INQUISITOR 

This latest decree had been the subject of a great 
number of jokes among the students. Lee Jordan had 
pointed out to Umbridge that by the terms of the new 
rule she was not allowed to tell Fred and George off 
for playing Exploding Snap in the back of the class. 

Exploding Snaps got nothing to do with Defense 
Against the Dark Arts, Professor! Thats not 
information relating to your subject! 

When Harry next saw Lee, the back of his hand was 
bleeding rather badly. Harry recommended essence of 
murtlap. 

Harry had thought that the breakout from Azkaban 
might have humbled Umbridge a little, that she might 



  703Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




have been abashed at the catastrophe that had 
occurred right under her beloved Fudges nose. It 
seemed, however, to have only intensified her furious 
desire to bring every aspect of life at Hogwarts under 
her personal control. She seemed determined at the 
very least to achieve a sacking before long, and the 
only question was whether it would be Professor 
Trelawney or Hagrid who went first. 

Every single Divination and Care of Magical Creatures 
lesson was now conducted in the presence of 
Umbridge and her clipboard. She lurked by the fire in 
the heavily perfumed tower room, interrupting 
Professor Trelawneys increasingly hysterical talks 
with difficult questions about Ornithomancy and 
Heptomology, insisting that she predict students 
answers before they gave them and demanding that 
she demonstrate her skill at the crystal ball, the tea 
leaves, and the rune stones in turn. Harry thought 
that Professor Trelawney might soon crack under the 
strain; several times he passed her in the corridors (in 
itself a very unusual occurrence as she generally 
remained in her tower room), muttering wildly to 
herself, wringing her hands, and shooting terrified 
glances over her shoulder, all the time giving off a 
powerful smell of cooking sherry. If he had not been 
so worried about Hagrid, he would have felt sorry for 
her  but if one of them was to be ousted out of a 
job, there could be only one choice for Harry as to 
who should remain. 

Unfortunately, Harry could not see that Hagrid was 
putting up a better show than Trelawney. Though he 
seemed to be following Hermiones advice and had 
shown them nothing more frightening than a crup, a 
creature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier 
except for its forked tail, since before Christmas, he 
also seemed to have lost his nerve. He was oddly 
distracted and jumpy in lessons, losing the thread of 
  704Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




what he was saying while talking to the class, 
answering questions wrongly and glancing anxiously 
at Umbridge all the time. He was also more distant 
with Harry, Ron, and Hermione than he had ever 
been before, expressly forbidding them to visit him 
after dark. 

If she catches yeh, itll be all of our necks on the 
line, he told them flatly, and with no desire to do 
anything that jeopardized his job further, they 
abstained from walking down to his hut in the 
evenings. It seemed to Harry that Umbridge was 
steadily depriving him of everything that made his life 
at Hogwarts worth living: visits to Hagrids house, 
letters from Sirius, his Firebolt, and Quidditch. He 
took his revenge the only way he had: redoubling his 
efforts for the D.A. 

Harry was pleased to see that all of them, even 
Zacharias Smith, had been spurred to work harder 
than ever by the news that ten more Death Eaters 
were now on the loose, but in nobody was this 
improvement more pronounced than in Neville. The 
news of his parents attackers escape had wrought a 
strange and even slightly alarming change in him. He 
had not once mentioned his meeting with Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione on the closed ward in St. Mungos, and 
taking their lead from him, they had kept quiet about 
it too. Nor had he said anything on the subject of 
Bellatrix and her fellow torturers escape; in fact, he 
barely spoke during D.A. meetings anymore, but 
worked relentlessly on every new jinx and 
countercurse Harry taught them, his plump face 
screwed up in concentration, apparently indifferent to 
injuries or accidents, working harder than anyone 
else in the room. He was improving so fast it was 
quite unnerving and when Harry taught them the 
Shield Charm, a means of deflecting minor jinxes so 



  705Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




that they rebounded upon the attacker, only 
Hermione mastered the charm faster than Neville. 

In fact Harry would have given a great deal to be 
making as much progress at Occlumency as Neville 
was making during D.A. meetings. Harrys sessions 
with Snape, which had started badly enough, were 
not improving; on the contrary, Harry felt he was 
getting worse with every lesson. 

Before he had started studying Occlumency, his scar 
had prickled occasionally, usually during the night, or 
else following one of those strange flashes of 
Voldemorts thoughts or moods that he experienced 
every now and then. Nowadays, however, his scar 
hardly ever stopped prickling, and he often felt 
lurches of annoyance or cheerfulness that were 
unrelated to what was happening to him at the time, 
which were always accompanied by a particularly 
painful twinge from his scar. He had the horrible 
impression that he was slowly turning into a kind of 
aerial that was tuned in to tiny fluctuations in 
Voldemorts mood, and he was sure he could date this 
increased sensitivity firmly from his first Occlumency 
lesson with Snape. What was more, he was now 
dreaming about walking down the corridor toward the 
entrance to the Department of Mysteries almost every 
night, dreams that always culminated in him 
standing longingly in front of the plain black door. 

Maybe its a bit like an illness, said Hermione, 
looking concerned when Harry confided in her and 
Ron. A fever or something. It has to get worse before 
it gets better. 

Its lessons with Snape that are making it worse, 
said Harry flatly. Im getting sick of my scar hurting, 
and Im getting bored walking down that corridor 
every night. He rubbed his forehead angrily. I just 

  706Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wish the door would open, Im sick of standing staring 
at it   

Thats not funny, said Hermione sharply. 
Dumbledore doesnt want you to have dreams about 
that corridor at all, or he wouldnt have asked Snape 
to teach you Occlumency. Youre just going to have to 
work a bit harder in your lessons. 

I am working! said Harry, nettled. You try it 
sometime, Snape trying to get inside your head, its 
not a bundle of laughs, you know! 

Maybe ... said Ron slowly. 

Maybe what? said Hermione rather snappishly. 

Maybe its not Harrys fault he cant close his mind, 
said Ron darkly. 

What do you mean? said Hermione. 

Well, maybe Snape isnt really trying to help Harry... 

Harry and Hermione stared at him. Ron looked darkly 
and meaningfully from one to the other. 

Maybe, he said again in a lower voice, hes actually 
trying to open Harrys mind a bit wider . . . make it 
easier for YouKnow   

Shut up, Ron, said Hermione angrily. How many 
times have you suspected Snape, and when have you 
ever been right? Dumbledore trusts him, he works for 
the Order, that ought to be enough. 

He used to be a Death Eater, said Ron stubbornly. 
And weve never seen proof that he really swapped 
sides... 

  707Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dumbledore trusts him, Hermione repeated. And if 
we cant trust Dumbledore, we cant trust anyone. 

With so much to worry about and so much to do  
startling amounts of homework that frequently kept 
the fifth years working until past midnight, secret 
D.A. meetings, and regular classes with Snape  
January seemed to be passing alarmingly fast. Before 
Harry knew it, February had arrived, bringing with it 
wetter and warmer weather and the prospect of the 
second Hogsmeade visit of the year. Harry had had 
very little time to spare on conversations with Cho 
since they had agreed to visit the village together, but 
suddenly found himself facing a Valentines Day 
spent entirely in her company. 

On the morning of the fourteenth he dressed 
particularly carefully. He and Ron arrived at breakfast 
just in time for the arrival of the post owls. Hedwig 
was not there  not that he had expected her  but 
Hermione was tugging a letter from the beak of an 
unfamiliar brown owl as they sat down. 

And about time! If it hadnt come today ... she said 
eagerly, tearing open the envelope and pulling out a 
small piece of parchment. Her eyes sped from left to 
right as she read through the message and a grimly 
pleased expression spread across her face. 

Listen, Harry, she said, looking up at him. This is 
really important... Do you think you could meet me in 
the Three Broomsticks around midday? 

Well ... I dunno, said Harry dubiously. Cho might 
be expecting me to spend the whole day with her. We 
never said what we were going to do. 

Well, bring her along if you must, said Hermione 
urgently. But will you come? 

  708Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well ... all right, but why? 



I havent got time to tell you now, Ive got to answer 
this quickly   

And she hurried out of the Great Hall, the letter 
clutched in one hand and a piece of uneaten toast in 
the other. 

Are you coming? Harry asked Ron, but he shook his 
head, looking glum. 

I cant come into Hogsmeade at all, Angelina wants a 
full days training. Like its going to help  were the 
worst team Ive ever seen. You should see Sloper and 
Kirke, theyre pathetic, even worse than I am. He 
heaved a great sigh. I dunno why Angelina wont just 
let me resign... 

Its because youre good when youre on form, thats 
why, said Harry irritably. 

He found it very hard to be sympathetic to Rons 
plight when he himself would have given almost 
anything to be playing in the forthcoming match 
against Hufflepuff. Ron seemed to notice Harrys tone, 
because he did not mention Quidditch again during 
breakfast, and there was a slight frostiness in the way 
they said goodbye to each other shortly afterward. 
Ron departed for the Quidditch pitch and Harry, after 
attempting to flatten his hair while staring at his 
reflection in the back of a teaspoon, proceeded alone 
to the entrance hall to meet Cho, feeling very 
apprehensive and wondering what on earth they were 
going to talk about. 

She was waiting for him a little to the side of the oak 
front doors, looking very pretty with her hair tied 
back in a long ponytail. Harrys feet seemed to be too 

  709Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




big for his body as he walked toward her, and he was 
suddenly horribly aware of his arms and how stupid 
they looked swinging at his sides. 

Hi, said Cho slightly breathlessly. 

Hi, said Harry. 

They stared at each other for a moment, then Harry 
said, Well  er  shall we go, then? 

Oh  yes ... 

They joined the queue of people being signed out by 
Filch, occasionally catching each others eye and 
grinning shiftily, but not talking to each other. Harry 
was relieved when they reached the fresh air, finding 
it easier to walk along in silence than just stand there 
looking awkward. It was a fresh, breezy sort of day 
and as they passed the Quidditch stadium, Harry 
glimpsed Ron and Ginny skimming over the stands 
and felt a horrible pang that he was not up there with 
them... 

You really miss it, dont you? said Cho. 

He looked around and saw her watching him. 

Yeah, sighed Harry. I do. 

Remember the first time we played against each 
other, in the third year? she asked him. 

Yeah, said Harry, grinning. You kept blocking me. 

And Wood told you not to be a gentleman and knock 
me off my broom if you had to, said Cho, smiling 
reminiscently. I heard he got taken on by Pride of 
Portree, is that right? 

  710Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Nah, it was Puddlemere United, I saw him at the 
World Cup last year. 

Oh, I saw you there too, remember? We were on the 
same campsite. It was really good, wasnt it? 

The subject of the Quidditch World Cup carried them 
all the way down the drive and out through the gates. 
Harry could hardly believe how easy it was to talk to 
her, no more difficult, in fact, than talking to Ron and 
Hermione, and he was just starting to feel confident 
and cheerful when a large gang of Slytherin girls 
passed them, including Pansy Parkinson. 

Potter and Chang! screeched Pansy to a chorus of 
snide giggles. Urgh, Chang, I dont think much of 
your taste... At least Diggory was goodlooking! 

They sped up, talking and shrieking in a pointed 
fashion with many exaggerated glances back at Harry 
and Cho, leaving an embarrassed silence in their 
wake. Harry could think of nothing else to say about 
Quidditch, and Cho, slightly flushed, was watching 
her feet. 

So ... where dyou want to go? Harry asked as they 
entered Hogsmeade. The High Street was full of 
students ambling up and down, peering into the shop 
windows and messing about together on the 
pavements. 

Oh ... I dont mind, said Cho, shrugging. Um ... 
shall we just have a look in the shops or something? 

They wandered toward Dervish and Banges. A large 
poster had been stuck up in the window and a few 
Hogsmeaders were looking at it. They moved aside 
when Harry and Cho approached and Harry found 
himself staring once more at the ten pictures of the 
  711Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




escaped Death Eaters. The poster (By Order of the 
Ministry of Magic) offered a thousandGalleon reward 
to any witch or wizard with information relating to the 
recapture of any of the convicts pictured. 

Its funny, isnt it, said Cho in a low voice, also 
gazing up at the pictures of the Death Eaters. 
Remember when that Sirius Black escaped, and 
there were dementors all over Hogsmeade looking for 
him? And now ten Death Eaters are on the loose and 
there arent dementors anywhere... 

Yeah, said Harry, tearing his eyes away from 
Bellatrix Lestranges face to glance up and down the 
High Street. Yeah, it is weird... 

He was not sorry that there were no dementors 
nearby, but now he came to think of it, their absence 
was highly significant. They had not only let the 
Death Eaters escape, they were not bothering to look 
for them... It looked as though they really were 
outside Ministry control now. 

The ten escaped Death Eaters were staring out of 
every shop window he and Cho passed. It started to 
rain as they passed Scrivenshafts; cold, heavy drops 
of water kept hitting Harrys face and the back of his 
neck. 

Um ... dyou want to get a coffee? said Cho 
tentatively, as the rain began to fall more heavily. 

Yeah, all right, said Harry, looking around. Where 
 ? 

Oh, theres a really nice place just up here, havent 
you ever been to Madam Puddifoots? she said 
brightly, and she led him up a side road and into a 
small tea shop that Harry had never noticed before. It 

  712Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




was a cramped, steamy little place where everything 
seemed to have been decorated with frills or bows. 
Harry was reminded unpleasantly of Umbridges 
office. 

Cute, isnt it? said Cho happily. 

Er ... yeah, said Harry untruthfully. 

Look, shes decorated it for Valentines Day! said 
Cho, indicating a number of golden cherubs that were 
hovering over each of the small, circular tables, 
occasionally throwing pink confetti over the 
occupants. 

Aaah ... 

They sat down at the last remaining table, which was 
situated in the steamy window. Roger Davies, the 
Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain, was sitting about a 
foot and a half away with a pretty blonde girl. They 
were holding hands. The sight made Harry feel 
uncomfortable, particularly when, looking around the 
tea shop, he saw that it was full of nothing but 
couples, all of them holding hands. Perhaps Cho 
would expect him to hold her hand. 

What can I get you, mdears? said Madam 
Puddifoot, a very stout woman with a shiny black 
bun, squeezing between their table and Roger 
Daviess with great difficulty. 

Two coffees, please, said Cho. 

In the time it took for their coffees to arrive, Roger 
Davies and his girlfriend started kissing over their 
sugar bowl. Harry wished they wouldnt; he felt that 
Davies was setting a standard with which Cho would 
soon expect him to compete. He felt his face growing 
  713Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hot and tried staring out of the window, but it was so 
steamed up he could not see the street outside. To 
postpone the moment when he had to look at Cho he 
stared up at the ceiling as though examining the 
paintwork and received a handful of confetti in the 
face from their hovering cherub. 

After a few more painful minutes Cho mentioned 
Umbridge; Harry seized on the subject with relief and 
they passed a few happy moments abusing her, but 
the subject had already been so thoroughly canvassed 
during D.A. meetings it did not last very long. Silence 
fell again. Harry was very conscious of the slurping 
noises coming from the table next door and cast 
wildly around for something else to say. 

Er ... listen, dyou want to come with me to the Three 
Broomsticks at lunchtime? Im meeting Hermione 
Granger there. 

Cho raised her eyebrows. 

Youre meeting Hermione Granger? Today? 

Yeah. Well, she asked me to, so I thought I would. 
Dyou want to come with me? She said it wouldnt 
matter if you did. 

Oh ... well ... that was nice of her. 

But Cho did not sound as though she thought it was 
nice at all; on the contrary, her tone was cold and all 
of a sudden she looked rather forbidding. 

A few more minutes passed in total silence, Harry 
drinking his coffee so fast that he would soon need a 
fresh cup. Next door, Roger Davies and his girlfriend 
seemed glued together by the lips. 



  714Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Chos hand was lying on the table beside her coffee, 
and Harry was feeling a mounting pressure to take 
hold of it. Just do it, he told himself, as a fount of 
mingled panic and excitement surged up inside his 
chest. Just reach out and grab it... Amazing how much 
more difficult it was to extend his arm twelve inches 
and touch her hand than to snatch a speeding Snitch 
from midair ... 

But just as he moved his hand forward, Cho took 
hers off the table. She was now watching Roger 
Davies kissing his girlfriend with a mildly interested 
expression. 

He asked me out, you know, she said in a quiet 
voice. A couple of weeks ago. Roger. I turned him 
down, though. 

Harry, who had grabbed the sugar bowl to excuse his 
sudden lunging movement across the table, could not 
think why she was telling him this. If she wished she 
were sitting at the table next door being heartily 
kissed by Roger Davies, why had she agreed to come 
out with him? 

He said nothing. Their cherub threw another handful 
of confetti over them; some of it landed in the last 
cold dregs of coffee Harry had been about to drink. 

I came in here with Cedric last year, said Cho. 

In the second or so it took for him to take in what she 
had said, Harrys insides had become glacial. He 
could not believe she wanted to talk about Cedric 
now, while kissing couples surrounded them and a 
cherub floated over their heads. 

Chos voice was rather higher when she spoke again. 



  715Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ive been meaning to ask you for ages... Did Cedric  
did he mmmention me at all before he died? 

This was the very last subject on earth Harry wanted 
to discuss, and least of all with Cho. 

Well  no   he said quietly. There  there wasnt 
time for him to say anything. Erm ... so ... dyou ... 
dyou get to see a lot of Quidditch in the holidays? 

You support the Tornados, right? 

His voice sounded falsely bright and cheery. To his 
horror, he saw that her eyes were swimming with 
tears again, just as they had been after the last D.A. 
meeting before Christmas. 

Look, he said desperately, leaning in so that nobody 
else could overhear, lets not talk about Cedric right 
now... Lets talk about something else... 

But this, apparently, was quite the wrong thing to 
say. 

I thought, she said, tears spattering down onto the 
table. I thought youd uuunderstand! I need to talk 
about it! Surely you nneed to talk about it ttoo! I 
mean, you saw it happen, ddidnt you? 

Everything was going nightmarishly wrong; Roger 
Davies girlfriend had even unglued herself to look 
around at Cho crying. 

Well  I have talked about it, Harry said in a 
whisper, to Ron and Hermione, but   

Oh, youll talk to Hermione Granger! she said 
shrilly, her face now shining with tears, and several 
more kissing couples broke apart to stare. But you 
wont talk to me! Pperhaps it would be best if we just 

  716Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




... just ppaid and you went and met up with 
Hermione GGranger, like you obviously want to! 

Harry stared at her, utterly bewildered, as she seized 
a frilly napkin and dabbed at her shining face with it. 

Cho? he said weakly, wishing Roger would seize his 
girlfriend and start kissing her again to stop her 
goggling at him and Cho. 

Go on, leave! she said, now crying into the napkin. 

I dont know why you asked me out in the first place 
if youre going to make arrangements to meet other 
girls right after me... How many are you meeting after 
Hermione? 

Its not like that! said Harry, and he was so relieved 
at finally understanding what she was annoyed about 
that he laughed, which he realized a split second too 
late was a mistake. 

Cho sprang to her feet. The whole tearoom was quiet, 
and everybody was watching them now. 

Ill see you around, Harry, she said dramatically, 
and hiccuping slightly she dashed to the door, 
wrenched it open, and hurried off into the pouring 
rain. 

Cho! Harry called after her, but the door had 
already swung shut behind her with a tuneful tinkle. 

There was total silence within the tea shop. Every eye 
was upon Harry. He threw a Galleon down onto the 
table, shook pink confetti out of his eyes, and 
followed Cho out of the door. 

It was raining hard now, and she was nowhere to be 
seen. He simply did not understand what had 

  717Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




happened; half an hour ago they had been getting 
along fine. 

Women! he muttered angrily, sloshing down the 
rainwashed street with his hands in his pockets. 
What did she want to talk about Cedric for anyway? 
Why does she always want to drag up a subject that 
makes her act like a human hosepipe? 

He turned right and broke into a splashy run, and 
within minutes he was turning into the doorway of 
the Three Broomsticks. He knew he was too early to 
meet Hermione, but he thought it likely there would 
be someone in here with whom he could spend the 
intervening time. He shook his wet hair out of his 
eyes and looked around. Hagrid was sitting alone in a 
corner, looking morose. 

Hi, Hagrid! he said, when he had squeezed through 
the crammed tables and pulled up a chair beside him. 

Hagrid jumped and looked down at Harry as though 
he barely recognized him. Harry saw that he had two 
fresh cuts on his face and several new bruises. 

Oh, its you, Harry, said Hagrid. You all righ? 

Yeah, Im fine, lied Harry; in fact, next to this 
battered and mournfullooking Hagrid, he felt he did 
not have much to complain about. Er  are you 
okay? 

Me? said Hagrid. Oh yeah, Im grand, Harry, 
grand... 

He gazed into the depths of his pewter tankard, which 
was the size of a large bucket, and sighed. Harry did 
not know what to say to him. They sat side by side in 



  718Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




silence for a moment. Then Hagrid said abruptly, In 
the same boat, you an me, aren we, Harry? 

Er   said Harry. 

Yeah ... Ive said it before... Both outsiders, like, 
said Hagrid, nodding wisely. An both orphans. Yeah 
... both orphans. 

He took a great swig from his tankard. 

Makes a diffrence, havin a decent family, he said. 
Me dad was decent. An your mum an dad were 
decent. If theyd lived, life woulda bin diffrent, eh? 

Yeah ... I spose, said Harry cautiously. Hagrid 
seemed to be in a very strange mood. 

Family, said Hagrid gloomily. Whatever yeh say, 
bloods important... 

And he wiped a trickle of it out of his eye. 

Hagrid, said Harry, unable to stop himself, where 
are you getting all these injuries? 

Eh? said Hagrid, looking startled. Wha injuries? 

All those! said Harry, pointing at Hagrid s face. 

Oh ... thas jus normal bumps an bruises, Harry, 
said Hagrid dismissively. I got a rough job. 

He drained his tankard, set it back upon the table, 
and got to his feet. 

Ill be seeinyeh, Harry... Take care now... 



  719Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And he lumbered out of the pub looking wretched and 
then disappeared into the torrential rain. Harry 
watched him go, feeling miserable. Hagrid was 
unhappy and he was hiding something, but he 
seemed determined not to accept help. What was 
going on? But before Harry could think about the 
matter any further, he heard a voice calling his name. 

Harry! Harry, over here! 

Hermione was waving at him from the other side of 
the room. He got up and made his way toward her 
through the crowded pub. He was still a few tables 
away when he realized that Hermione was not alone; 
she was sitting at a table with the unlikeliest pair of 
drinking mates he could ever have imagined: Luna 
Lovegood and none other than Rita Skeeter, ex 
journalist on the Daily Prophet and one of Hermiones 
least favorite people in the world. 

Youre early! said Hermione, moving along to give 
him room to sit down. I thought you were with Cho, I 
wasnt expecting you for another hour at least! 

Cho? said Rita at once, twisting around in her seat 
to stare avidly at Harry. A girl? 

She snatched up her crocodileskin handbag and 
groped within it. 

Its none of your business if Harrys been with a 
hundred girls, Hermione told Rita coolly. So you can 
put that away right now. 

Rita had been on the point of withdrawing an acid 
green quill from her bag. Looking as though she had 
been forced to swallow Stinksap, she snapped her bag 
shut again. 



  720Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What are you up to? Harry asked, sitting down and 
staring from Rita to Luna to Hermione. 



Little Miss Perfect was just about to tell me when you 
arrived, said Rita, taking a large slurp of her drink. I 
suppose Im allowed to talk to him, am I? she shot at 
Hermione. 

Yes, I suppose you are, said Hermione coldly. 

Unemployment did not suit Rita. The hair that had 
once been set in elaborate curls now hung lank and 
unkempt around her face. The scarlet paint on her 
twoinch talons was chipped and there were a couple 
of false jewels missing from her winged glasses. She 
took another great gulp of her drink and said out of 
the corner of her mouth, Pretty girl, is she, Harry? 

One more word about Harrys love life and the deals 
off and thats a promise, said Hermione irritably. 

What deal? said Rita, wiping her mouth on the back 
of her hand. You havent mentioned a deal yet, Miss 
Prissy, you just told me to turn up. Oh, one of these 
days ... She took a deep shuddering breath. 

Yes, yes, one of these days youll write more horrible 
stories about Harry and me, said Hermione 
indifferently. Find someone who cares, why dont 
you? 

Theyve run plenty of horrible stories about Harry 
this year without my help, said Rita, shooting a 
sideways look at him over the top of her glass and 
adding in a rough whisper, How has that made you 
feel, Harry? Betrayed? Distraught? Misunderstood? 

He feels angry, of course, said Hermione in a hard, 
clear voice. Because hes told the Minister of Magic 

  721Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




the truth and the Ministers too much of an idiot to 
believe him. 

So you actually stick to it, do you, that HeWho 
MustNotBeNamed is back? said Rita, lowering her 
glass and subjecting Harry to a piercing stare while 
her finger strayed longingly to the clasp of the 
crocodile bag. You stand by all this garbage 
Dumbledores been telling everybody about You 
KnowWho returning and you being the sole witness 
 ? 

I wasnt the sole witness, snarled Harry. There were 
a dozenodd Death Eaters there as well. Want their 
names? 

Id love them, breathed Rita, now fumbling in her 
bag once more and gazing at him as though he was 
the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. A great 
bold headline: Potter Accuses ...A subheading: 

Harry Potter Names Death Eaters Still Among Us. And 
then, beneath a nice big photograph of you: 

Disturbed teenage survivor of YouKnowWhos attack, 
Harry Potter, 1 5, caused outrage yesterday by 
accusing respectable and prominent members of the 
Wizarding community of being Death Eaters...  

The QuickQuotes Quill was actually in her hand and 
halfway to her mouth when the rapturous expression 
died out of her face. 

But of course, she said, lowering the quill and 
looking daggers at Hermione, Little Miss Perfect 
wouldnt want that story out there, would she? 

As a matter of fact, said Hermione sweetly, thats 
exactly what Little Miss Perfect does want. 



  722Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Rita stared at her. So did Harry. Luna, on the other 
hand, sang, Weasley Is Our King dreamily under her 
breath and stirred her drink with a cocktail onion on 
a stick. 

You want me to report what he says about HeWho 
MustNotBeNamed? Rita asked Hermione in a 
hushed voice. 

Yes, I do, said Hermione. The true story. All the 
facts. Exactly as Harry reports them. Hell give you all 
the details, hell tell you the names of the 
undiscovered Death Eaters he saw there, hell tell you 
what Voldemort looks like now  oh, get a grip on 
yourself, she added contemptuously, throwing a 
napkin across the table, for at the sound of 
Voldemorts name, Rita had jumped so badly that she 
had slopped half her glass of firewhisky down herself. 

Rita blotted the front of her grubby raincoat, still 
staring at Hermione. Then she said baldly, The 
Prophet wouldnt print it. In case you havent noticed, 
nobody believes his cockandbull story. Everyone 
thinks hes delusional. Now, if you let me write the 
story from that angle   

We dont need another story about how Harrys lost 
his marbles! said Hermione angrily. Weve had 
plenty of those already, thank you! I want him given 
the opportunity to tell the truth! 

Theres no market for a story like that, said Rita 
coldly. 

You mean the Prophet wont print it because Fudge 
wont let them, said Hermione irritably. 

Rita gave Hermione a long, hard look. Then, leaning 
forward across the table toward her, she said in a 

  723Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




businesslike tone, All right, Fudge is leaning on the 
Prophet, but it comes to the same thing. They wont 
print a story that shows Harry in a good light. Nobody 
wants to read it. Its against the public mood. This 
last Azkaban breakout has got people quite worried 
enough. People just dont want to believe YouKnow 
Whos back. 

So the Daily Prophet exists to tell people what they 
want to hear, does it? said Hermione scathingly. 

Rita sat up straight again, her eyebrows raised, and 
drained her glass of firewhisky. 

The Prophet exists to sell itself, you silly girl, she 
said coldly. 

My dad thinks its an awful paper, said Luna, 
chipping into the conversation unexpectedly. Sucking 
on her cocktail onion, she gazed at Rita with her 
enormous, protuberant, slightly mad eyes. He 
publishes important stories that he thinks the public 
needs to know. He doesnt care about making money. 

Rita looked disparagingly at Luna. 

Im guessing your father runs some stupid little 
village newsletter? she said.  Twentyfive Ways to 
Mingle with Muggles and the dates of the next Bring 
andFly Sale? 

No, said Luna, dipping her onion back into her 
gillywater, hes the editor of The Quibbler. 

Rita snorted so loudly that people at a nearby table 
looked around in alarm. 



  724Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 Important stories he thinks the public needs to 
know? she said witheringly. I could manure my 
garden with the contents of that rag. 

Well, this is your chance to raise the tone of it a bit, 
isnt it? said Hermione pleasantly. Luna says her 
fathers quite happy to take Harrys interview. Thats 
wholl be publishing it. 

Rita stared at them both for a moment and then let 
out a great whoop of laughter. 

 The Quibbleii she said, cackling. You think people 
will take him seriously if hes published in The 
Quibbler? 

Some people wont, said Hermione in a level voice. 
But the Daily Prophets version of the Azkaban 
breakout had some gaping holes in it. I think a lot of 
people will be wondering whether there isnt a better 
explanation of what happened, and if theres an 
alternative story available, even if it is published in a 
 she glanced sideways at Luna, in a  well, an 
unusual magazine  I think they might be rather 
keen to read it. 

Rita did not say anything for a while, but eyed 
Hermione shrewdly, her head a little to one side. 

All right, lets say for a moment Ill do it, she said 
abruptly. What kind of fee am I going to get? 

I dont think Daddy exactly pays people to write for 
the magazine, said Luna dreamily. They do it 
because its an honor, and, of course, to see their 
names in print. 



  725Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Rita Skeeter looked as though the taste of Stinksap 
was strong in her mouth again as she rounded on 
Hermione. Im supposed to do this for free? 

Well, yes, said Hermione calmly, taking a sip of her 
drink. Otherwise, as you very well know, I will inform 
the authorities that you are an unregistered 
Animagus. Of course, the Prophet might give you 
rather a lot for an insiders account of life in 
Azkaban... 

Rita looked as though she would have liked nothing 
better than to seize the paper umbrella sticking out of 
Hermione s drink and thrust it up her nose. 

I dont suppose Ive got any choice, have I? said Rita, 
her voice shaking slightly. She opened her crocodile 
bag once more, withdrew a piece of parchment, and 
raised her QuickQuotes Quill. 

Daddy will be pleased, said Luna brightly. A muscle 
twitched in Ritas jaw. 

Okay, Harry? said Hermione, turning to him. Ready 
to tell the public the truth? 

I suppose, said Harry, watching Rita balancing the 
QuickQuotes Quill at the ready on the parchment 
between them. 

Fire away, then, Rita, said Hermione serenely, 
fishing a cherry out of the bottom of her glass. 



  726Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   







SEEN AND UNFORESEEN 

Luna said vaguely that she did not know how soon 
Ritas interview with Harry would appear in The 
Quibbler, that her father was expecting a lovely long 
article on recent sightings of CrumpleHorned 
Snorkacks. And, of course, thatll be a very 
important story, so Harrys might have to wait for the 
following issue, said Luna. 

Harry had not found it an easy experience to talk 
about the night when Voldemort had returned. Rita 
had pressed him for every little detail, and he had 
given her everything he could remember, knowing 
that this was his one big opportunity to tell the world 
the truth. He wondered how people would react to the 
story. He guessed that it would confirm a lot of people 
in the view that he was completely insane, not least 
because his story would be appearing alongside utter 
rubbish about CrumpleHorned Snorkacks. But the 
breakout of Bellatrix Lestrange and her fellow Death 
Eaters had given Harry a burning desire to do 
something, whether it worked or not... 



  727Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Cant wait to see what Umbridge thinks of you going 
public, said Dean, sounding awestruck at dinner on 
Monday night. Seamus was shoveling down large 
amounts of chickenandham pie on Deans other 
side, but Harry knew he was listening. 

Its the right thing to do, Harry, said Neville, who 
was sitting opposite him. He was rather pale, but 
went on in a low voice, It must have been ... tough ... 
talking about it... Was it? 

Yeah, mumbled Harry, but people have got to know 
what Voldemorts capable of, havent they? 

Thats right, said Neville, nodding, and his Death 
Eaters too ... People should know... 

Neville left his sentence hanging and returned to his 
baked potato. Seamus looked up, but when he caught 
Harrys eye he looked quickly back at his plate again. 
After a while Dean, Seamus, and Neville departed for 
the common room, leaving Harry and Hermione at the 
table waiting for Ron, who had not yet had dinner 
because of Quidditch practice. 

Cho Chang walked into the hall with her friend 
Marietta. Harrys stomach gave an unpleasant lurch, 
but she did not look over at the Gryffindor table and 
sat down with her back to him. 

Oh, I forgot to ask you, said Hermione brightly, 
glancing over at the Ravenclaw table, what happened 
on your date with Cho? How come you were back so 
early? 

Er ... well, it was ... said Harry, pulling a dish of 
rhubarb crumble toward him and helping himself to 
seconds, a complete fiasco, now that you mention it. 



  728Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And he told her what had happened in Madam 
Puddifoots Tea Shop. 



"... so then, he finished several minutes later, as the 
final bit of crumble disappeared, she jumps up, 
right, and says 111 see you around, Harry, and runs 
out of the place! He put down his spoon and looked 
at Hermione. I mean, what was all that about? What 
was going on? 

Hermione glanced over at the back of Chos head and 
sighed. Oh, Harry, she said sadly. Well, Im sorry, 
but you were a bit tactless. 

Me, tactless? said Harry, outraged. One minute we 
were getting on fine, next minute she was telling me 
that Roger Davies asked her out, and how she used to 
go and snog Cedric in that stupid tea shop  how 
was I supposed to feel about that? 

Well, you see, said Hermione, with the patient air of 
one explaining that one plus one equals two to an 
overemotional toddler, you shouldnt have told her 
that you wanted to meet me halfway through your 
date. 

But, but, spluttered Harry, but  you told me to 
meet you at twelve and to bring her along, how was I 
supposed to do that without telling her  ? 

You should have told her differently said Hermione, 
still with that maddeningly patient air. You should 
have said it was really annoying, but Id made you 
promise to come along to the Three Broomsticks, and 
you really didnt want to go, youd much rather spend 
the whole day with her, but unfortunately you 
thought you really ought to meet me and would she 
please, please come along with you, and hopefully 
youd be able to get away more quickly? And it might 
  729Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




have been a good idea to mention how ugly you think 
I am too, Hermione added as an afterthought. 

But I dont think youre ugly, said Harry, bemused. 

Hermione laughed. 

Harry, youre worse than Ron... Well, no, youre not, 
she sighed, as Ron himself came stumping into the 
Hall splattered with mud and looking grumpy. Look 
 you upset Cho when you said you were going to 
meet me, so she tried to make you jealous. It was her 
way of trying to find out how much you liked her. 

Is that what she was doing? said Harry as Ron 
dropped onto the bench opposite them and pulled 
every dish within reach toward himself. Well, 
wouldnt it have been easier if shed just asked me 
whether I liked her better than you? 

Girls dont often ask questions like that, said 
Hermione. 

Well, they should! said Harry forcefully. Then I 
couldve just told her I fancy her, and she wouldnt 
have had to get herself all worked up again about 
Cedric dying! 

Im not saying what she did was sensible, said 
Hermione, as Ginny joined them, just as muddy as 
Ron and looking equally disgruntled. Im just trying 
to make you see how she was feeling at the time. 

You should write a book, Ron told Hermione as he 
cut up his potatoes, translating mad things girls do 
so boys can understand them. 

Yeah, said Harry fervently, looking over at the 
Ravenclaw table. Cho had just got up; still not looking 

  730Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




at him, she left the Great Hall. Feeling rather 
depressed, he looked back at Ron and Ginny. So, 
how was Quidditch practice? 

It was a nightmare, said Ron in a surly voice. 

Oh come on, said Hermione, looking at Ginny, Im 
sure it wasnt that   

Yes, it was, said Ginny. It was appalling. Angelina 
was nearly in tears by the end of it. 

Ron and Ginny went off for baths after dinner; Harry 
and Hermione returned to the busy Gryffindor 
common room and their usual pile of homework. 
Harry had been struggling with a new star chart for 
Astronomy for half an hour when Fred and George 
turned up. 

Ron and Ginny not here? asked Fred, looking 
around as he pulled up a chair and, when Harry 
shook his head, he said, Good. We were watching 
their practice. Theyre going to be slaughtered. Theyre 
complete rubbish without us. 

Come on, Ginnys not bad, said George fairly, sitting 
down next to Fred. Actually, I dunno how she got so 
good, seeing how we never let her play with us... 

Shes been breaking into your broom shed in the 
garden since the age of six and taking each of your 
brooms out in turn when you werent looking, said 
Hermione from behind her tottering pile of Ancient 
Rune books. 

Oh, said George, looking mildly impressed. Well  
thatd explain it. 



  731Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Has Ron saved a goal yet? asked Hermione, peering 
over the top of Magical Hieroglyphs and Logograms. 

Well, he can do it if he doesnt think anyones 
watching him, said Fred, rolling his eyes. So all we 
have to do is ask the crowd to turn their backs and 
talk among themselves every time the Quaffle goes up 
his end on Saturday. 

He got up again and moved restlessly to the window, 
staring out across the dark grounds. 

You know, Quidditch was about the only thing in 
this place worth staying for. 

Hermione cast him a stern look. 

Youve got exams coming! 

Told you already, were not fussed about N.E.W.T.s, 
said Fred. The Snackboxes are ready to roll, we 
found out how to get rid of those boils, just a couple 
of drops of murtlap essence sorts them, Lee put us 
onto it... 

George yawned widely and looked out disconsolately 
at the cloudy night sky. 

I dunno if I even want to watch this match. If 
Zacharias Smith beats us I might have to kill myself. 

Kill him, more like, said Fred firmly. 

Thats the trouble with Quidditch, said Hermione 
absentmindedly, once again bent over her Rune 
translation, it creates all this bad feeling and tension 
between the Houses. 



  732Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She looked up to find her copy of Spellmans 
Syllabary and caught Fred, George, and Harry looking 
at her with expressions of mingled disgust and 
incredulity on their faces. 

Well, it does! she said impatiently. Its only a game, 
isnt it? 

Hermione, said Harry, shaking his head, youre 
good on feelings and stuff, but you just dont 
understand about Quidditch. 

Maybe not, she said darkly, returning to her 
translation again, but at least my happiness doesnt 
depend on Rons goalkeeping ability. 

And though Harry would rather have jumped off the 
Astronomy Tower than admit it to her, by the time he 
had watched the game the following Saturday he 
would have given any number of Galleons not to care 
about Quidditch either. 

The very best thing you could say about the match 
was that it was short; the Gryffindor spectators had 
to endure only twentytwo minutes of agony. It was 
hard to say what the worst thing was: Harry thought 
it was a closerun contest between Rons fourteenth 
failed save, Sloper missing the Bludger but hitting 
Angelina in the mouth with his bat, and Kirke 
shrieking and falling backward off his broom as 
Zacharias Smith zoomed at him carrying the Quaffle. 
The miracle was that Gryffindor only lost by ten 
points: Ginny managed to snatch the Snitch from 
right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerbys nose, so 
that the final score was two hundred and forty versus 
two hundred and thirty. 



  733Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Good catch, Harry told Ginny back in the common 
room, where the atmosphere closely resembled that of 
a particularly dismal funeral. 

I was lucky, she shrugged. It wasnt a very fast 
Snitch and Summerbys got a cold, he sneezed and 
closed his eyes at exactly the wrong moment. Anyway, 
once youre back on the team   

Ginny, Ive got a lifelong ban. 

Youre banned as long as Umbridge is in the school, 
Ginny corrected him. Theres a difference. Anyway, 
once youre back, I think Ill try out for Chaser. 
Angelina and Alicia are both leaving next year and I 
prefer goalscoring to Seeking anyway. 

Harry looked over at Ron, who was hunched in a 
corner, staring at his knees, a bottle of butterbeer 
clutched in his hand. 

Angelina still wont let him resign, Ginny said, as 
though reading Harrys mind. She says she knows 
hes got it in him. 

Harry liked Angelina for the faith she was showing in 
Ron, but at the same time thought it would really be 
kinder to let him leave the team. Ron had left the 
pitch to another booming chorus of Weasley Is Our 
King sung with great gusto by the Slytherins, who 
were now favorites to win the Quidditch Cup. 

Fred and George wandered over. 

I havent got the heart to take the mickey out of him, 
even, said Fred, looking over at Rons crumpled 
figure. Mind you ... when he missed the fourteenth 



  734Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He made wild motions with his arms as though doing 
an upright doggypaddle. 



Well, Ill save it for parties, eh? 

Ron dragged himself up to bed shortly after this. Out 
of respect for his feelings, Harry waited a while before 
going up to the dormitory himself, so that Ron could 
pretend to be asleep if he wanted to. Sure enough, 
when Harry finally entered the room Ron was snoring 
a little too loudly to be entirely plausible. 

Harry got into bed, thinking about the match. It had 
been immensely frustrating watching from the 
sidelines. He was quite impressed by Ginnys 
performance but he felt that if he had been playing he 
could have caught the Snitch sooner... There had 
been a moment when it had been fluttering near 
Kirkes ankle; if she hadnt hesitated, she might have 
been able to scrape a win for Gryffindor. . . 

Umbridge had been sitting a few rows below Harry 
and Hermione. Once or twice she had turned squatly 
in her seat to look at him, her wide toads mouth 
stretched in what he thought had been a gloating 
smile. The memory of it made him feel hot with anger 
as he lay there in the dark. After a few minutes, 
however, he remembered that he was supposed to be 
emptying his mind of all emotion before he slept, as 
Snape kept instructing him at the end of every 
Occlumency lesson. 

He tried for a moment or two, but the thought of 
Snape on top of memories of Umbridge merely 
increased his sense of grumbling resentment, and he 
found himself focusing instead on how much he 
loathed the pair of them. Slowly, Rons snores died 
away, replaced by the sound of deep, slow breathing. 

It took Harry much longer to get to sleep; his body 
  735Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




was tired, but it took his brain a long time to close 
down. 



He dreamed that Neville and Professor Sprout were 
waltzing around the Room of Requirement while 
Professor McGonagall played the bagpipes. He 
watched them happily for a while, then decided to go 
and find the other members of the D.A... 

But when he left the room he found himself facing, 
not the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy, but a torch 
burning in its bracket on a stone wall. He turned his 
head slowly to the left. There, at the far end of the 
windowless passage, was a plain, black door. 

He walked toward it with a sense of mounting 
excitement. He had the strangest feeling that this 
time he was going to get lucky at last, and find the 
way to open it... He was feet from it and saw with a 
leap of excitement that there was a glowing strip of 
faint blue light down the righthand side... The door 
was ajar... He stretched out his hand to push it wide 
and  

Ron gave a loud, rasping, genuine snore, and Harry 
awoke abruptly with his right hand stretched in front 
of him in the darkness, to open a door that was 
hundreds of miles away. He let it fall with a feeling of 
mingled disappointment and guilt. He knew he 
should not have seen the door, but at the same time, 
felt so consumed with curiosity about what was 
behind it that he could not help feeling annoyed with 
Ron... If he could have saved his snore for just 
another minute . . . 



k k k 



  736Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




They entered the Great Hall for breakfast at exactly 
the same moment as the post owls on Monday 
morning. Hermione was not the only person eagerly 
awaiting her Daily Prophet: Nearly everyone was eager 
for more news about the escaped Death Eaters, who, 
despite many reported sightings, had still not been 
caught. She gave the delivery owl a Knut and 
unfolded the newspaper eagerly while Harry helped 
himself to orange juice; as he had only received one 
note during the entire year he was sure, when the 
first owl landed with a thud in front of him, that it 
had made a mistake. 

Who re you after? he asked it, languidly removing 
his orange juice from underneath its beak and 
leaning forward to see the recipients name and 
address: 

Harry Potter 

Great Hall 

Hogwarts School 

Frowning, he made to take the letter from the owl, but 
before he could do so, three, four, five more owls had 
fluttered down beside it and were jockeying for 
position, treading in the butter, knocking over the 
salt, and each attempting to give him their letters 
first. 

Whats going on? Ron asked in amazement, as the 
whole of Gryffindor table leaned forward to watch as 
another seven owls landed amongst the first ones, 
screeching, hooting, and flapping their wings. 

Harry! said Hermione breathlessly, plunging her 
hands into the feathery mass and pulling out a 



  737Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




screech owl bearing a long, cylindrical package. I 
think I know what this means  open this one first! 



Harry ripped off the brown packaging. Out rolled a 
tightly furled copy of Marchs edition of The Quibbler. 
He unrolled it to see his own face grinning sheepishly 
at him from the front cover. In large red letters across 
his picture were the words: 

HARRY POTTER SPEAKS OUT AT LAST: 

THE TRUTH ABOUT HEWHOMUSTNOTBE 
NAMED 

AND THE NIGHT I SAW HIM RETURN 

Its good, isnt it? said Luna, who had drifted over to 
the Gryffindor table and now squeezed herself onto 
the bench between Fred and Ron. It came out 
yesterday, I asked Dad to send you a free copy. I 
expect all these, she waved a hand at the assembled 
owls still scrabbling around on the table in front of 
Harry, are letters from readers. 

Thats what I thought, said Hermione eagerly, 
Harry, dyou mind if we  ? 

Help yourself, said Harry, feeling slightly bemused. 

Ron and Hermione both started ripping open 
envelopes. 

This ones from a bloke who thinks youre off your 
rocker, said Ron, glancing down his letter. Ah well 



This woman recommends you try a good course of 
Shock Spells at St. Mungos, said Hermione, looking 
disappointed and crumpling up a second. 

  738Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




This one looks okay, though, said Harry slowly, 
scanning a long letter from a witch in Paisley. Hey, 
she says she believes me! 

This ones in two minds, said Fred, who had joined 
in the letteropening with enthusiasm. Says you 
dont come across as a mad person, but he really 
doesnt want to believe YouKnow Whos back so he 
doesnt know what to think now... Blimey, what a 
waste of parchment ... 

Heres another one youve convinced, Harry! said 
Hermione excitedly.  Having read your side of the 
story I am forced to the conclusion that the Daily 
Prophet has treated you very unfairly. . . Little though I 
want to think that HeWhoMustNotBeNamed has 
returned, I am forced to accept that you are telling 
the truth... Oh this is wonderful! 

Another one who thinks youre barking, said Ron, 
throwing a crumpled letter over his shoulder, but 
this one says youve got her converted, and she now 
thinks youre a real hero  shes put in a photograph 
too  wow   

What is going on here? said a falsely sweet, girlish 
voice. 

Harry looked up with his hands full of envelopes. 
Professor Umbridge was standing behind Fred and 
Luna, her bulging toads eyes scanning the mess of 
owls and letters on the table in front of Harry. Behind 
her he saw many of the students watching them 
avidly. 

Why have you got all these letters, Mr. Potter? she 
asked slowly. 



  739Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Is that a crime now? said Fred loudly. Getting 
mail? 

Be careful, Mr. Weasley, or I shall have to put you in 
detention, said Umbridge. Well, Mr. Potter? 

Harry hesitated, but he did not see how he could keep 
what he had done quiet; it was surely only a matter of 
time before a copy of The Quibbler came to Umbridges 
attention. 

People have written to me because I gave an 
interview, said Harry. About what happened to me 
last June. 

For some reason he glanced up at the staff table as he 
said this. He had the strangest feeling that 
Dumbledore had been watching him a second before, 
but when he looked, Dumbledore seemed to be 
absorbed in conversation with Professor Flitwick. 

An interview? repeated Umbridge, her voice thinner 
and higher than ever. What do you mean? 

I mean a reporter asked me questions and I 
answered them, said Harry. Here   

And he threw the copy of The Quibbler at her. She 
caught it and stared down at the cover. Her pale, 
doughy face turned an ugly, patchy violet. 

When did you do this? she asked, her voice 
trembling slightly. 

Last Hogsmeade weekend, said Harry. 

She looked up at him, incandescent with rage, the 
magazine shaking in her stubby fingers. 



  740Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There will be no more Hogsmeade trips for you, Mr. 
Potter, she whispered. How you dare ... how you 
could ... She took a deep breath. I have tried again 
and again to teach you not to tell lies. The message, 
apparently, has still not sunk in. Fifty points from 
Gryffindor and another weeks worth of detentions. 

She stalked away, clutching The Quibbler to her 
chest, the eyes of many students following her. 

By midmorning enormous signs had been put up all 
over the school, not just on House notice boards, but 
in the corridors and classrooms too. 

 BY ORDER OF  

THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS 

Any student found in possession of the magazine The 
Quibbler will be expelled. 

The above is in accordance with 

Educational Decree Number Twentyseven. 

Signed: 

Dolores Jane Umbridge 
HIGH INQUISITOR 

For some reason, every time Hermione caught sight of 
one of these signs she beamed with pleasure. 

What exactly are you so happy about? Harry asked 
her. 



  741Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh Harry, dont you see? Hermione breathed. If she 
could have done one thing to make absolutely sure 
that every single person in this school will read your 
interview, it was banning it! 

And it seemed that Hermione was quite right. By the 
end of that day, though Harry had not seen so much 
as a corner of The Quibbler anywhere in the school, 
the whole place seemed to be quoting the interview at 
each other; Harry heard them whispering about it as 
they queued up outside classes, discussing it over 
lunch and in the back of lessons, while Hermione 
even reported that every occupant of the cubicles in 
the girls toilets had been talking about it when she 
nipped in there before Ancient Runes. 

And then they spotted me, and obviously they know I 
know you, so they were bombarding me with 
questions, Hermione told Harry, her eyes shining, 
and Harry, I think they believe you, I really do, I 
think youve finally got them convinced! 

Meanwhile Professor Umbridge was stalking the 
school, stopping students at random and demanding 
that they turn out their books and pockets. Harry 
knew she was looking for copies of The Quibbler, but 
the students were several steps ahead of her. The 
s carrying Harrys interview had been bewitched 
to resemble extracts from textbooks if anyone but 
themselves read it, or else wiped magically blank until 
they wanted to peruse it again. Soon it seemed that 
every single person in the school had read it. 

The teachers were, of course, forbidden from 
mentioning the interview by Educational Decree 
Number Twentysix, but they found ways to express 
their feelings about it all the same. Professor Sprout 
awarded Gryffindor twenty points when Harry passed 
her a watering can; a beaming Professor Flitwick 
  742Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




pressed a box of squeaking sugar mice on him at the 
end of Charms, said Shh\ and hurried away; and 
Professor Trelawney broke into hysterical sobs during 
Divination and announced to the startled class, and a 
very disapproving Umbridge, that Harry was not going 
to suffer an early death after all, but would live to a 
ripe old age, become Minister of Magic, and have 
twelve children. 

But what made Harry happiest was Cho catching up 
with him as he was hurrying along to Transfiguration 
the next day. Before he knew what had happened her 
hand was in his and she was breathing in his ear, 

Im really, really sorry. That interview was so brave 
...it made me cry. 

He was sorry to hear she had shed even more tears 
over it, but very glad they were on speaking terms 
again, and even more pleased when she gave him a 
swift kiss on the cheek and hurried off again. And 
unbelievably, no sooner had he arrived outside 
Transfiguration than something just as good 
happened: Seamus stepped out of the queue to face 
him. 

I just wanted to say, he mumbled, squinting at 
Harrys left knee, I believe you. And Ive sent a copy 
of that magazine to me mam. 

If anything more was needed to complete Harrys 
happiness, it was Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyles 
reactions. He saw them with their heads together 
later that afternoon in the library, together with a 
weedylooking boy Hermione whispered was called 
Theodore Nott. They looked around at Harry as he 
browsed the shelves for the book he needed on Partial 
Vanishment, and Goyle cracked his knuckles 
threateningly and Malfoy whispered something 
undoubtedly malevolent to Crabbe. Harry knew 
  743Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




perfectly well why they were acting like this: He had 
named all of their fathers as Death Eaters. 

And the best bit is, whispered Hermione gleefully as 
they left the library, they cant contradict you, 
because they cant admit theyve read the article! 

To cap it all, Luna told him over dinner that no copy 
of The Quibbler had ever sold out faster. 

Dads reprinting! she told Harry, her eyes popping 
excitedly. He cant believe it, he says people seem 
even more interested in this than the Crumple 
Horned Snorkacks! 

Harry was a hero in the Gryffindor common room that 
night; daringly, Fred and George had put an 
Enlargement Charm on the front cover of The 
Quibbler and hung it on the wall, so that Harrys giant 
head gazed down upon the proceedings, occasionally 
saying things like The Ministry are morons and Eat 
dung, Umbridge in a booming voice. Hermione did 
not find this very amusing; she said it interfered with 
her concentration, and ended up going to bed early 
out of irritation. Harry had to admit that the poster 
was not quite as funny after an hour or two, 
especially when the talking spell had started to wear 
off, so that it merely shouted disconnected words like 
Dung and Umbridge at more and more frequent 
intervals in a progressively higher voice. In fact it 
started to make his head ache and his scar began 
prickling uncomfortably again. To disappointed 
moans from the many people who were sitting around 
him, asking him to relive his interview for the 
umpteenth time, he announced that he too needed an 
early night. 

The dormitory was empty when he reached it. He 
rested his forehead for a moment against the cool 

  744Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




glass of the window beside his bed; it felt soothing 
against his scar. Then he undressed and got into bed, 
wishing his headache would go away. He also felt 
slightly sick. He rolled over onto his side, closed his 
eyes, and fell asleep almost at once... 

He was standing in a dark, curtained room lit by a 
single branch of candles. His hands were clenched on 
the back of a chair in front of him. They were long 
fingered and white as though they had not seen 
sunlight for years and looked like large, pale spiders 
against the dark velvet of the chair. 

Beyond the chair, in a pool of light cast upon the floor 
by the candles, knelt a man in black robes. 

I have been badly advised, it seems, said Harry, in a 
high, cold voice that pulsed with anger. 

Master, I crave your pardon... croaked the man 
kneeling on the floor. The back of his head glimmered 
in the candlelight. He seemed to be trembling. 

I do not blame you, Rookwood, said Harry in that 
cold, cruel voice. 

He relinquished his grip upon the chair and walked 
around it, closer to the man cowering upon the floor, 
until he stood directly over him in the darkness, 
looking down from a far greater height than usual. 

You are sure of your facts, Rookwood? asked Harry. 

Yes, My Lord, yes ... I used to work in the 
department after  after all... 

Avery told me Bode would be able to remove it. 



  745Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Bode could never have taken it, Master. . . Bode would 
have known he could not... Undoubtedly that is why 
he fought so hard against Malfoys Imperius Curse... 

Stand up, Rookwood, whispered Harry. 

The kneeling man almost fell over in his haste to 
obey. His face was pockmarked; the scars were 
thrown into relief by the candlelight. He remained a 
little stooped when standing, as though halfway 
through a bow, and he darted terrified looks up at 
Harrys face. 

You have done well to tell me this, said Harry. Very 
well ... I have wasted months on fruitless schemes, it 
seems... But no matter ... We begin again, from now. 
You have Lord Voldemorts gratitude, Rookwood... 

My Lord ... yes, My Lord, gasped Rookwood, his 
voice hoarse with relief. 

I shall need your help. I shall need all the 
information you can give me. 

Of course, My Lord, of course ... anything ... 

Very well ... you may go. Send Avery to me. 

Rookwood scurried backward, bowing, and 
disappeared through a door. 

Left alone in the dark room, Harry turned toward the 
wall. A cracked, agespotted mirror hung on the wall 
in the shadows. Harry moved toward it. His reflection 
grew larger and clearer in the darkness... A face 
whiter than a skull . . . red eyes with slits for pupils . . . 

NOOOOOOOOO! 



  746Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What? yelled a voice nearby. 



Harry flailed around madly, became entangled in the 
hangings, and fell out of his bed. For a few seconds 
he did not know where he was; he was convinced that 
he was about to see the white, skulllike face looming 
at him out of the dark again, then Rons voice spoke 
very near to him. 

Will you stop acting like a maniac, and I can get you 
out of here! 

Ron wrenched the hangings apart, and Harry stared 
up at him in the moonlight, as he lay flat on his back, 
his scar searing with pain. Ron looked as though he 
had just been getting ready for bed; one arm was out 
of his robes. 

Has someone been attacked again? asked Ron, 
pulling Harry roughly to his feet. Is it Dad? Is it that 
snake? 

No  everyones fine   gasped Harry, whose 
forehead felt as though it was on fire again. Well ... 
Avery isnt... Hes in trouble... He gave him the wrong 
information... Hes really angry... 

Harry groaned and sank, shaking, onto his bed, 
rubbing his scar. 

But Rookwoods going to help him now... Hes on the 
right track again... 

What are you talking about? said Ron, sounding 
scared. Dyou mean ... did you just see YouKnow 
Who? 

I was YouKnowWho, said Harry, and he stretched 
out his hands in the darkness and held them up to 

  747Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




his face to check that they were no longer deathly 
white and longfingered. He was with Rookwood, hes 
one of the Death Eaters who escaped from Azkaban, 
remember? Rookwoods just told him Bode couldnt 
have done it... 

Done what? 

Remove something. . . He said Bode would have 
known he couldnt have done it... Bode was under the 
Imperius Curse... I think he said Malfoys dad put it 
on him... 

Bode was bewitched to remove something? Ron 
said. But  Harry, thats got to be   

The weapon, Harry finished the sentence for him. I 
know. 

The dormitory door opened; Dean and Seamus came 
in. Harry swung his legs back into bed. He did not 
want to look as though anything odd had just 
happened, seeing as Seamus had only just stopped 
thinking Harry was a nutter. 

Did you say, murmured Ron, putting his head close 
to Harrys on the pretense of helping himself to water 
from the jug on his bedside table, that you were You 
KnowWho? 

Yeah, said Harry quietly. 

Ron took an unnecessarily large gulp of water. Harry 
saw it spill over his chin onto his chest. 

Harry, he said, as Dean and Seamus clattered 
around noisily, pulling off their robes, and talking, 
youve got to tell   



  748Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I havent got to tell anyone, said Harry shortly. I 
wouldnt have seen it at all if I could do Occlumency. 
Im supposed to have learned to shut this stuff out. 
Thats what they want. 

By they he meant Dumbledore. He got back into bed 
and rolled over onto his side with his back to Ron and 
after a while he heard Rons mattress creak as he lay 
back down too. His scar began to burn; he bit hard on 
his pillow to stop himself making a noise. Somewhere, 
he knew, Avery was being punished... 

Harry and Ron waited until break next morning to tell 
Hermione exactly what had happened. They wanted 
to be absolutely sure they could not be overheard. 
Standing in their usual corner of the cool and breezy 
courtyard, Harry told her every detail of the dream he 
could remember. When he had finished, she said 
nothing at all for a few moments, but stared with a 
kind of painful intensity at Fred and George, who 
were both headless and selling their magical hats 
from under their cloaks on the other side of the yard. 

So thats why they killed him, she said quietly, 
withdrawing her gaze from Fred and George at last. 
When Bode tried to steal this weapon, something 
funny happened to him. I think there must be 
defensive spells on it, or around it, to stop people 
from touching it. Thats why he was in St. Mungos, 
his brain had gone all funny and he couldnt talk. But 
remember what the Healer told us? He was 
recovering. And they couldnt risk him getting better, 
could they? I mean, the shock of whatever happened 
when he touched that weapon probably made the 
Imperius Curse lift. Once hed got his voice back, hed 
explain what hed been doing, wouldnt he? They 
would have known hed been sent to steal the 
weapon. Of course, it would have been easy for 



  749Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Lucius Malfoy to put the curse on him. Never out of 
the Ministry, is he? 

He was even hanging around that day I had my 
hearing, said Harry. In the  hang on ... he said 
slowly. He was in the Department of Mysteries 
corridor that day! Your dad said he was probably 
trying to sneak down and find out what happened in 
my hearing, but what if   

Sturgis, gasped Hermione, looking thunderstruck. 

Sorry? said Ron, looking bewildered. 

Sturgis Podmore, said Hermione, breathlessly. 
Arrested for trying to get through a door. Lucius 
Malfoy got him too. I bet he did it the day you saw 
him there, Harry. Sturgis had Moodys Invisibility 
Cloak, right? So what if he was standing guard by the 
door, invisible, and Malfoy heard him move, or 
guessed he was there, or just did the Imperius Curse 
on the off chance that a guard was there? So when 
Sturgis next had an opportunity  probably when it 
was his turn on guard duty again  he tried to get 
into the department to steal the weapon for Voldemort 
 Ron, be quiet  but he got caught and sent to 
Azkaban... 

She gazed at Harry. 

And now Rookwoods told Voldemort how to get the 
weapon? 

I didnt hear all the conversation, but thats what it 
sounded like, said Harry. Rookwood used to work 
there... Maybe Voldemortll send Rookwood to do it? 



  750Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hermione nodded, apparently still lost in thought. 
Then, quite abruptly, she said, But you shouldnt 
have seen this at all, Harry. 

What? he said, taken aback. 

Youre supposed to be learning how to close your 
mind to this sort of thing, said Hermione, suddenly 
stern. 

I know I am, said Harry. But   

Well, I think we should just try and forget what you 
saw, said Hermione firmly. And you ought to put in 
a bit more effort on your Occlumency from now on. 

Harry was so angry with her that he did not talk to 
her for the rest of the day, which proved to be another 
bad one. When people were not discussing the 
escaped Death Eaters in the corridors today, they 
were laughing at Gryffindors abysmal performance in 
their match against Hufflepuff; the Slytherins were 
singing Weasley Is Our King so loudly and 
frequently that by sundown Filch had banned it from 
the corridors out of sheer irritation. 

The week did not improve as it progressed: Harry 
received two more Ds in Potions, was still on 
tenterhooks that Hagrid might get the sack, and 
could not stop himself from dwelling on the dream in 
which he had seen Voldemort, though he did not 
bring it up with Ron and Hermione again because he 
did not want another tellingoff from Hermione. He 
wished very much that he could have talked to Sirius 
about it, but that was out of the question, so he tried 
to push the matter to the back of his mind. 

Unfortunately, the back of his mind was no longer the 
secure place it had once been. 

  751Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Get up, Potter. 



A couple of weeks after his dream of Rookwood, Harry 
was to be found, yet again, kneeling on the floor of 
Snapes office, trying to clear his head. He had just 
been forced, yet again, to relive a stream of very early 
memories he had not even realized he still had, most 
of them concerning humiliations Dudley and his gang 
had inflicted upon him in primary school. 

That last memory, said Snape. What was it? 

I dont know, said Harry, getting wearily to his feet. 
He was finding it increasingly difficult to disentangle 
separate memories from the rush of images and 
sound that Snape kept calling forth. You mean the 
one where my cousin tried to make me stand in the 
toilet? 

No, said Snape softly. I mean the one concerning a 
man kneeling in the middle of a darkened room... 

Its ... nothing, said Harry. 

Snapes dark eyes bored into Harrys. Remembering 
what Snape had said about eye contact being crucial 
to Legilimency, Harry blinked and looked away. 

How do that man and that room come to be inside 
your head, Potter? said Snape. 

It   said Harry, looking everywhere but at Snape, 

it was  just a dream I had. 

A dream, repeated Snape. 

There was a pause during which Harry stared fixedly 
at a large dead frog suspended in a purple liquid in 
its jar. 

  752Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You do know why we are here, dont you, Potter? 
said Snape in a low, dangerous voice. You do know 
why I am giving up my evenings to this tedious job? 

Yes, said Harry stiffly. 

Remind me why we are here, Potter. 

So I can learn Occlumency, said Harry, now glaring 
at a dead eel. 

Correct, Potter. And dim though you may be  
Harry looked back at Snape, hating him  I would 
have thought that after two months worth of lessons 
you might have made some progress. How many other 
dreams about the Dark Lord have you had? 

Just that one, lied Harry. 

Perhaps, said Snape, his dark, cold eyes narrowing 
slightly, perhaps you actually enjoy having these 
visions and dreams, Potter. Maybe they make you feel 
special  important? 

No, they dont, said Harry, his jaw set and his 
fingers clenched tightly around the handle of his 
wand. 

That is just as well, Potter, said Snape coldly, 
because you are neither special nor important, and it 
is not up to you to find out what the Dark Lord is 
saying to his Death Eaters. 

No  thats your job, isnt it? Harry shot at him. 

He had not meant to say it; it had burst out of him in 
temper. For a long moment they stared at each other, 
Harry convinced he had gone too far. But there was a 



  753Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




curious, almost satisfied expression on Snapes face 
when he answered. 



Yes, Potter, he said, his eyes glinting. That is my 
job. Now, if you are ready, we will start again... 

He raised his wand. One  two  three  
LegilimensV 

A hundred dementors were swooping toward Harry 
across the lake in the grounds... He screwed up his 
face in concentration... They were coming closer... He 
could see the dark holes beneath their hoods . . . yet 
he could also see Snape standing in front of him, his 
eyes fixed upon Harrys face, muttering under his 
breath... And somehow, Snape was growing clearer, 
and the dementors were growing fainter . . . 

Harry raised his own wand. 

Protegol 

Snape staggered; his wand flew upward, away from 
Harry  and suddenly Harrys mind was teeming 
with memories that were not his  a hooknosed man 
was shouting at a cowering woman, while a small 
darkhaired boy cried in a corner. . . A greasyhaired 
teenager sat alone in a dark bedroom, pointing his 
wand at the ceiling, shooting down flies... A girl was 
laughing as a scrawny boy tried to mount a bucking 
broomstick  

ENOUGH! 

Harry felt as though he had been pushed hard in the 
chest; he took several staggering steps backward, hit 
some of the shelves covering Snapes walls and heard 
something crack. Snape was shaking slightly, very 
white in the face. 

  754Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The back of Harrys robes were damp. One of the jars 
behind him had broken when he fell against it; the 
pickled slimy thing within was swirling in its draining 
potion. 

Reparo\ hissed Snape, and the jar sealed itself once 
more. Well, Potter ... that was certainly an 
improvement... Panting slightly, Snape straightened 
the Pensieve in which he had again stored some of his 
thoughts before starting the lesson, almost as though 
checking that they were still there. I dont remember 
telling you to use a Shield Charm . . . but there is no 
doubt that it was effective... 

Harry did not speak; he felt that to say anything 
might be dangerous. He was sure he had just broken 
into Snapes memories, that he had just seen scenes 
from Snapes childhood, and it was unnerving to 
think that the crying little boy who had watched his 
parents shouting was actually standing in front of 
him with such loathing in his eyes... 

Lets try again, shall we? said Snape. 

Harry felt a thrill of dread: He was about to pay for 
what had just happened, he was sure of it. They 
moved back into position with the desk between 
them, Harry feeling he was going to find it much 
harder to empty his mind this time... 

On the count of three, then, said Snape, raising his 
wand once more. One  two   

Harry did not have time to gather himself together 
and attempt to clear his mind, for Snape had already 
cried  Legilimens\ 

He was hurtling along the corridor toward the 
Department of Mysteries, past the blank stone walls, 

  755Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




past the torches  the plain black door was growing 
ever larger; he was moving so fast he was going to 
collide with it, he was feet from it and he could see 
that chink of faint blue light again  

The door had flown open! He was through it at last, 
inside a blackwalled, blackfloored circular room lit 
with blueflamed candles, and there were more doors 
all around him  he needed to go on  but which 
door ought he to take  ? 

POTTER! 

Harry opened his eyes. He was flat on his back again 
with no memory of having gotten there; he was also 
panting as though he really had run the length of the 
Department of Mysteries corridor, really had sprinted 
through the black door and found the circular room... 

Explain yourself! said Snape, who was standing over 
him, looking furious. 

I ... dunno what happened, said Harry truthfully, 
standing up. There was a lump on the back of his 
head from where he had hit the ground and he felt 
feverish. Ive never seen that before. I mean, I told 
you, Ive dreamed about the door ... but its never 
opened before... 

You are not working hard enough! 

For some reason, Snape seemed even angrier than he 
had done two minutes before, when Harry had seen 
into his own memories. 

You are lazy and sloppy, Potter, it is small wonder 
that the Dark Lord   



  756Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Can you tell me something, sir? said Harry, firing up 
again. Why do you call Voldemort the Dark Lord, Ive 
only ever heard Death Eaters call him that   

Snape opened his mouth in a snarl  and a woman 
screamed from somewhere outside the room. 

Snapes head jerked upward; he was gazing at the 
ceiling. 

What the  ? he muttered. 

Harry could hear a muffled commotion coming from 
what he thought might be the entrance hall. Snape 
looked around at him, frowning. 

Did you see anything unusual on your way down 
here, Potter? 

Harry shook his head. Somewhere above them, the 
woman screamed again. Snape strode to his office 
door, his wand still held at the ready, and swept out 
of sight. Harry hesitated for a moment, then followed. 

The screams were indeed coming from the entrance 
hall; they grew louder as Harry ran toward the stone 
steps leading up from the dungeons. When he 
reached the top he found the entrance hall packed. 
Students had come flooding out of the Great Hall, 
where dinner was still in progress, to see what was 
going on. Others had crammed themselves onto the 
marble staircase. Harry pushed forward through a 
knot of tall Slytherins and saw that the onlookers had 
formed a great ring, some of them looking shocked, 
others even frightened. Professor McGonagall was 
directly opposite Harry on the other side of the hall; 
she looked as though what she was watching made 
her feel faintly sick. 



  757Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Trelawney was standing in the middle of the 
entrance hall with her wand in one hand and an 
empty sherry bottle in the other, looking utterly mad. 
Her hair was sticking up on end, her glasses were 
lopsided so that one eye was magnified more than the 
other; her innumerable shawls and scarves were 
trailing haphazardly from her shoulders, giving the 
impression that she was falling apart at the seams. 
Two large trunks lay on the floor beside her, one of 
them upside down; it looked very much as though it 
had been thrown down the stairs after her. Professor 
Trelawney was staring, apparently terrified, at 
something Harry could not see but that seemed to be 
standing at the foot of the stairs. 

No! she shrieked. NO! This cannot be happening... 

It cannot ... I refuse to accept it! 

You didnt realize this was coming? said a high 
girlish voice, sounding callously amused, and Harry, 
moving slightly to his right, saw that Trelawneys 
terrifying vision was nothing other than Professor 
Umbridge. Incapable though you are of predicting 
even tomorrows weather, you must surely have 
realized that your pitiful performance during my 
inspections, and lack of any improvement, would 
make it inevitable you would be sacked? 

You ccant! howled Professor Trelawney, tears 
streaming down her face from behind her enormous 
lenses, you ccant sack me! Ive bbeen here sixteen 
years! HHogwarts is mmy hhome! 

It was your home, said Professor Umbridge, and 
Harry was revolted to see the enjoyment stretching 
her toadlike face as she watched Professor Trelawney 
sink, sobbing uncontrollably, onto one of her trunks, 
until an hour ago, when the Minister of Magic 
countersigned the order for your dismissal. Now 
  758Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




kindly remove yourself from this hall. You are 
embarrassing us. 

But she stood and watched, with an expression of 
gloating enjoyment, as Professor Trelawney 
shuddered and moaned, rocking backward and 
forward on her trunk in paroxysms of grief. Harry 
heard a sob to his left and looked around. Lavender 
and Parvati were both crying silently, their arms 
around each other. Then he heard footsteps. 

Professor McGonagall had broken away from the 
spectators, marched straight up to Professor 
Trelawney and was patting her firmly on the back 
while withdrawing a large handkerchief from within 
her robes. 

There, there, Sibyll ... Calm down... Blow your nose 
on this... Its not as bad as you think, now... You are 
not going to have to leave Hogwarts... 

Oh really, Professor McGonagall? said Umbridge in 
a deadly voice, taking a few steps forward. And your 
authority for that statement is . . . ? 

That would be mine, said a deep voice. 

The oak front doors had swung open. Students beside 
them scuttled out of the way as Dumbledore appeared 
in the entrance. What he had been doing out in the 
grounds Harry could not imagine, but there was 
something impressive about the sight of him framed 
in the doorway against an oddly misty night. Leaving 
the doors wide behind him, he strode forward through 
the circle of onlookers toward the place where 
Professor Trelawney sat, tearstained and trembling, 
upon her trunk, Professor McGonagall alongside her. 

Yours, Professor Dumbledore? said Umbridge with a 
singularly unpleasant little laugh. Im afraid you do 

  759Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




not understand the position. I have here  she 
pulled a parchment scroll from within her robes  

an Order of Dismissal signed by myself and the 
Minister of Magic. Under the terms of Educational 
Decree Number Twentythree, the High Inquisitor of 
Hogwarts has the power to inspect, place upon 
probation, and sack any teacher she  that is to say, 

I  feel is not performing up to the standard required 
by the Ministry of Magic. I have decided that Professor 
Trelawney is not up to scratch. I have dismissed her. 

To Harrys very great surprise, Dumbledore continued 
to smile. He looked down at Professor Trelawney, who 
was still sobbing and choking on her trunk, and said, 
You are quite right, of course, Professor Umbridge. 

As High Inquisitor you have every right to dismiss my 
teachers. You do not, however, have the authority to 
send them away from the castle. I am afraid, he went 
on, with a courteous little bow, that the power to do 
that still resides with the headmaster, and it is my 
wish that Professor Trelawney continue to live at 
Hogwarts. 

At this, Professor Trelawney gave a wild little laugh in 
which a hiccup was barely hidden. 

No  no, Ill ggo, Dumbledore! I shshall 1leave 
Hogwarts and sseek my fortune elsewhere   

No, said Dumbledore sharply. It is my wish that 
you remain, Sibyll. 

He turned to Professor McGonagall. 

Might I ask you to escort Sibyll back upstairs, 
Professor McGonagall? 

Of course, said McGonagall. Up you get, Sibyll... 



  760Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Sprout came hurrying forward out of the 
crowd and grabbed Professor Trelawneys other arm. 
Together they guided her past Umbridge and up the 
marble stairs. Professor Flitwick went scurrying after 
them, his wand held out before him; he squeaked, 
Locomotor trunksl and Professor Trelawneys luggage 
rose into the air and proceeded up the staircase after 
her, Professor Flitwick bringing up the rear. 

Professor Umbridge was standing stockstill, staring 
at Dumbledore, who continued to smile benignly. 

And what, she said in a whisper that nevertheless 
carried all around the entrance hall, are you going to 
do with her once I appoint a new Divination teacher 
who needs her lodgings? 

Oh, that wont be a problem, said Dumbledore 
pleasantly. You see, I have already found us a new 
Divination teacher, and he will prefer lodgings on the 
ground floor. 

Youve found  ? said Umbridge shrilly. Youve 
found? Might I remind you, Dumbledore, that under 
Educational Decree Twentytwo   

  the Ministry has the right to appoint a suitable 
candidate if  and only if  the headmaster is 
unable to find one, said Dumbledore. And I am 
happy to say that on this occasion I have succeeded. 
May I introduce you? 

He turned to face the open front doors, through which 
night mist was now drifting. Harry heard hooves. 
There was a shocked murmur around the hall and 
those nearest the doors hastily moved even farther 
backward, some of them tripping over in their haste 
to clear a path for the newcomer. 



  761Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Through the mist came a face Harry had seen once 
before on a dark, dangerous night in the Forbidden 
Forest: whiteblond hair and astonishingly blue eyes, 
the head and torso of a man joined to the palomino 
body of a horse. 

This is Firenze, said Dumbledore happily to a 
thunderstruck Umbridge. I think you 11 find him 
suitable. 



  762Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





THE CENTAUR AND THE SNEAK 

Ill bet you wish you hadnt given up Divination now, 
dont you, Hermione? asked Parvati, smirking. 

It was breakfast time a few days after the sacking of 
Professor Trelawney, and Parvati was curling her 
eyelashes around her wand and examining the effect 
in the back of her spoon. They were to have their first 
lesson with Firenze that morning. 

Not really, said Hermione indifferently, who was 
reading the Daily Prophet Ive never really liked 
horses. 

She turned a  of the newspaper, scanning its 
columns. 

Hes not a horse, hes a centaur! said Lavender, 
sounding shocked. 

A gorgeous centaur ... sighed Parvati. 



  763Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Either way, hes still got four legs, said Hermione 
coolly. Anyway, I thought you two were all upset that 
Trelawney had gone? 

We are! Lavender assured her. We went up to her 
office to see her, we took her some daffodils  not the 
honking ones that Sprouts got, nice ones... 

How is she? asked Harry. 

Not very good, poor thing, said Lavender 
sympathetically. She was crying and saying shed 
rather leave the castle forever than stay here if 
Umbridge is still here, and I dont blame her. 

Umbridge was horrible to her, wasnt she? 

Ive got a feeling Umbridge has only just started 
being horrible, said Hermione darkly. 

Impossible, said Ron, who was tucking into a large 
plate of eggs and bacon. She cant get any worse 
than shes been already. 

You mark my words, shes going to want revenge on 
Dumbledore for appointing a new teacher without 
consulting her, said Hermione, closing the 
newspaper. Especially another parthuman. You saw 
the look on her face when she saw Firenze... 

After breakfast Hermione departed for her Arithmancy 
class and Harry and Ron followed Parvati and 
Lavender into the entrance hall, heading for 
Divination. 

Arent we going up to North Tower? asked Ron, 
looking puzzled, as Parvati bypassed the marble 
staircase. 

Parvati looked scornfully over her shoulder at him. 

  764Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




How dyou expect Firenze to climb that ladder? Were 
in classroom eleven now, it was on the notice board 
yesterday. 

Classroom eleven was situated in the groundfloor 
corridor leading off the entrance hall on the opposite 
side to the Great Hall. Harry knew it to be one of 
those classrooms that were never used regularly, and 
that it therefore had the slightly neglected feeling of a 
cupboard or storeroom. When he entered it right 
behind Ron, and found himself right in the middle of 
a forest clearing, he was therefore momentarily 
stunned. 

What the  ? 

The classroom floor had become springily mossy and 
trees were growing out of it; their leafy branches 
fanned across the ceiling and windows, so that the 
room was full of slanting shafts of soft, dappled, green 
light. The students who had already arrived were 
sitting on the earthy floor with their backs resting 
against tree trunks or boulders, arms wrapped 
around their knees or folded tightly across their 
chests, looking rather nervous. In the middle of the 
room, where there were no trees, stood Firenze. 

Harry Potter, he said, holding out a hand when 
Harry entered. 

Er  hi, said Harry, shaking hands with the 
centaur, who surveyed him unblinkingly through 
those astonishingly blue eyes but did not smile. Er  
good to see you ... 

And you, said the centaur, inclining his whiteblond 
head. It was foretold that we would meet again. 



  765Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry noticed that there was the shadow of a hoof 
shaped bruise on Firenzes chest. As he turned to join 
the rest of the class upon the floor, he saw that they 
were all looking at him with awe, apparently deeply 
impressed that he was on speaking terms with 
Firenze, whom they seemed to find intimidating. 

When the door was closed and the last student had 
sat down upon a tree stump beside the wastepaper 
basket, Firenze gestured around the room. 

Professor Dumbledore has kindly arranged this 
classroom for us, said Firenze, when everyone had 
settled down, in imitation of my natural habitat. I 
would have preferred to teach you in the Forbidden 
Forest, which was  until Monday  my home ... but 
this is not possible. 

Please  er  sir   said Parvati breathlessly, 
raising her hand, why not? Weve been in there with 
Hagrid, were not frightened! 

It is not a question of your bravery, said Firenze, 
but of my position. I can no longer return to the 
forest. My herd has banished me. 

Herd? said Lavender in a confused voice, and Harry 
knew she was thinking of cows. What  oh! 
Comprehension dawned on her face. There are more 
of you? she said, stunned. 

Did Hagrid breed you, like the thestrals? asked 
Dean eagerly. 

Firenze turned his head very slowly to face Dean, who 
seemed to realize at once that he had said something 
very offensive. 



  766Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I didnt  I meant  sorry, he finished in a hushed 
voice. 

Centaurs are not the servants or playthings of 
humans, said Firenze quietly. There was a pause, 
then Parvati raised her hand again. 

Please, sir ... why have the other centaurs banished 
you? 

Because I have agreed to work for Professor 
Dumbledore, said Firenze. They see this as a 
betrayal of our kind. 

Harry remembered how, nearly four years ago, the 
centaur Bane had shouted at Firenze for allowing 
Harry to ride to safety upon his back, calling him a 
common mule. He wondered whether it had been 
Bane who had kicked Firenze in the chest. 

Let us begin, said Firenze. He swished his long 
palomino tail, raised his hand toward the leafy 
canopy overhead then lowered it slowly, and as he did 
so, the light in the room dimmed, so that they now 
seemed to be sitting in a forest clearing by twilight, 
and stars emerged upon the ceiling. There were oohs 
and gasps, and Ron said audibly, Blimey! 

Lie back upon the floor, said Firenze in his calm 
voice, and observe the heavens. Here is written, for 
those who can see, the fortune of our races. 

Harry stretched out on his back and gazed upward at 
the ceiling. A twinkling red star winked at him from 
overhead. 

I know that you have learned the names of the 
planets and their moons in Astronomy, said Firenzes 
calm voice, and that you have mapped the stars 

  767Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




progress through the heavens. Centaurs have 
unraveled the mysteries of these movements over 
centuries. Our findings teach us that the future may 
be glimpsed in the sky above us... 

Professor Trelawney did Astrology with us! said 
Parvati excitedly, raising her hand in front of her so 
that it stuck up in the air as she lay on her back. 
Mars causes accidents and burns and things like 
that, and when it makes an angle to Saturn, like now 
 she drew a right angle in the air above her  that 
means that people need to be extra careful when 
handling hot things   

That, said Firenze calmly, is human nonsense. 

Parvatis hand fell limply to her side. 

Trivial hurts, tiny human accidents, said Firenze, as 
his hooves thudded over the mossy floor. These are 
of no more significance than the scurryings of ants to 
the wide universe, and are unaffected by planetary 
movements. 

Professor Trelawney   began Parvati, in a hurt and 
indignant voice. 

  is a human, said Firenze simply. And is 
therefore blinkered and fettered by the limitations of 
your kind. 

Harry turned his head very slightly to look at Parvati. 
She looked very offended, as did several of the people 
surrounding her. 

Sibyll Trelawney may have Seen, I do not know, 
continued Firenze, and Harry heard the swishing of 
his tail again as he walked up and down before them, 
but she wastes her time, in the main, on the self 

P a g e  768Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




flattering nonsense humans call fortunetelling. I, 
however, am here to explain the wisdom of centaurs, 
which is impersonal and impartial. We watch the 
skies for the great tides of evil or change that are 
sometimes marked there. It may take ten years to be 
sure of what we are seeing. 

Firenze pointed to the red star directly above Harry. 

In the past decade, the indications have been that 
Wizardkind is living through nothing more than a 
brief calm between two wars. Mars, bringer of battle, 
shines brightly above us, suggesting that the fight 
must break out again soon. How soon, centaurs may 
attempt to divine by the burning of certain herbs and 
leaves, by the observation of fume and flame... 

It was the most unusual lesson Harry had ever 
attended. They did indeed burn sage and mallowsweet 
there on the classroom floor, and Firenze told them to 
look for certain shapes and symbols in the pungent 
fumes, but he seemed perfectly unconcerned that not 
one of them could see any of the signs he described, 
telling them that humans were hardly ever good at 
this, that it took centaurs years and years to become 
competent, and finished by telling them that it was 
foolish to put too much faith in such things anyway, 
because even centaurs sometimes read them wrongly. 
He was nothing like any human teacher Harry had 
ever had. His priority did not seem to be to teach 
them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them 
that nothing, not even centaurs knowledge, was 
foolproof. 

Hes not very definite on anything, is he? said Ron 
in a low voice, as they put out their mallowsweet fire. 
I mean, I could do with a few more details about this 
war were about to have, couldnt you? 



  769Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The bell rang right outside the classroom door and 
everyone jumped; Harry had completely forgotten that 
they were still inside the castle, quite convinced that 
he was really in the forest. The class filed out, looking 
slightly perplexed; Harry and Ron were on the point of 
following them when Firenze called, Harry Potter, a 
word, please. 

Harry turned. The centaur advanced a little toward 
him. Ron hesitated. 

You may stay, Firenze told him. But close the door, 
please. 

Ron hastened to obey. 

Harry Potter, you are a friend of Hagrids, are you 
not? said the centaur. 

Yes, said Harry. 

Then give him a warning from me. His attempt is not 
working. He would do better to abandon it. 

His attempt is not working? Harry repeated blankly. 

And he would do better to abandon it, said Firenze, 
nodding. I would warn Hagrid myself, but I am 
banished  it would be unwise for me to go too near 
the forest now  Hagrid has troubles enough, 
without a centaurs battle. 

But  whats Hagrid attempting to do? said Harry 
nervously. 

Firenze looked at Harry impassively. 

Hagrid has recently rendered me a great service, 
said Firenze, and he has long since earned my 

  770Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




respect for the care he shows all living creatures. I 
shall not betray his secret. But he must be brought to 
his senses. The attempt is not working. Tell him, 
Harry Potter. Good day to you. 



The happiness Harry had felt in the aftermath of The 
Quibbler interview had long since evaporated. As a 
dull March blurred into a squally April, his life 
seemed to have become one long series of worries and 
problems again. 

Umbridge had continued attending all Care of Magical 
Creatures lessons, so it had been very difficult to 
deliver Firenzes warning to Hagrid. At last Harry had 
managed it by pretending he had lost his copy of 
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and 
doubling back after class one day. When he passed on 
Firenzes message, Hagrid gazed at him for a moment 
through his puffy, blackened eyes, apparently taken 
aback. Then he seemed to pull himself together. 

Nice bloke, Firenze, he said gruffly, but he don 
know what hes talkin abou on this. The attemps 
cornin on fine. 

Hagrid, whatre you up to? asked Harry seriously. 
Because youve got to be careful, Umbridge has 
already sacked Trelawney and if you ask me, shes on 
a roll. If youre doing anything you shouldnt be   

Theres things more importan than keepin a job, 
said Hagrid, though his hands shook slightly as he 
said this and a basin full of knarl droppings crashed 
to the floor. Don worry abou me, Harry, jus get 
along now, theres a good lad... 



  771Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry had no choice but to leave Hagrid mopping up 
the dung all over his floor, but he felt thoroughly 
dispirited as he trudged back up to the castle. 

Meanwhile, as the teachers and Hermione persisted 
in reminding them, the O.W.L.s were drawing ever 
nearer. All the fifth years were suffering from stress to 
some degree, but Hannah Abbott became the first to 
receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after 
she burst into tears during Herbology and sobbed 
that she was too stupid to take exams and wanted to 
leave school now. 

If it had not been for the D.A. lessons, Harry thought 
he would have been extremely unhappy. He 
sometimes felt that he was living for the hours he 
spent in the Room of Requirement, working hard but 
thoroughly enjoying himself at the same time, 
swelling with pride as he looked around at his fellow 
D.A. members and saw how far they had come. 

Indeed, Harry sometimes wondered how Umbridge 
was going to react when all the members of the D.A. 
received Outstanding in their Defense Against the 
Dark Arts O.W.L.s. 

They had finally started work on Patronuses, which 
everybody had been very keen to practice, though as 
Harry kept reminding them, producing a Patronus in 
the middle of a brightly lit classroom when they were 
not under threat was very different to producing it 
when confronted by something like a dementor. 

Oh, dont be such a killjoy, said Cho brightly, 
watching her silvery swanshaped Patronus soar 
around the Room of Requirement during their last 
lesson before Easter. Theyre so pretty! 

Theyre not supposed to be pretty, theyre supposed 
to protect you, said Harry patiently. What we really 

  772Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




need is a boggart or something; thats how I learned, I 
had to conjure a Patronus while the boggart was 
pretending to be a dementor   

But that would be really scary! said Lavender, who 
was shooting puffs of silver vapor out of the end of 
her wand. And I still  cant  do it! she added 
angrily. 

Neville was having trouble too. His face was screwed 
up in concentration, but only feeble wisps of silver 
smoke issued from his wand tip. 

Youve got to think of something happy, Harry 
reminded him. 

Im trying, said Neville miserably, who was trying so 
hard his round face was actually shining with sweat. 

Harry, I think Im doing it! yelled Seamus, who had 
been brought along to his first ever D.A. meeting by 
Dean. Look  ah  its gone... But it was definitely 
something hairy, Harry! 

Hermiones Patronus, a shining silver otter, was 
gamboling around her. 

They are sort of nice, arent they? she said, looking 
at it fondly. 

The door of the Room of Requirement opened and 
then closed again; Harry looked around to see who 
had entered, but there did not seem to be anybody 
there. It was a few moments before he realized that 
the people close to the door had fallen silent. Next 
thing he knew, something was tugging at his robes 
somewhere near the knee. He looked down and saw, 
to his very great astonishment, Dobby the houseelf 
peering up at him from beneath his usual eight hats. 
  773Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hi, Dobby! he said. What are you  whats wrong? 

For the elfs eyes were wide with terror and he was 
shaking. The members of the D.A. closest to Harry 
had fallen silent now: Everybody in the room was 
watching Dobby. The few Patronuses people had 
managed to conjure faded away into silver mist, 
leaving the room looking much darker than before. 

Harry Potter, sir ... squeaked the elf, trembling from 
head to foot, Harry Potter, sir ... Dobby has come to 
warn you . . . but the houseelves have been warned 
not to tell ... 

He ran headfirst at the wall: Harry, who had some 
experience of Dobbys habits of selfpunishment, 
made to seize him, but Dobby merely bounced off the 
stone, cushioned by his eight hats. Hermione and a 
few of the other girls let out squeaks of fear and 
sympathy. 

Whats happened, Dobby? Harry asked, grabbing 
the elfs tiny arm and holding him away from 
anything with which he might seek to hurt himself. 

Harry Potter ... she ... she ... 

Dobby hit himself hard on the nose with his free fist: 
Harry seized that too. 

Whos she, Dobby? 

But he thought he knew  surely only one she 
could induce such fear in Dobby? The elf looked up at 
him, slightly crosseyed, and mouthed wordlessly. 

Umbridge? asked Harry, horrified. 



  774Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dobby nodded, then tried to bang his head off Harrys 
knees; Harry held him at bay. 



What about her? Dobby  she hasnt found out 
about this  about us  about the D.A.? 

He read the answer in the elfs stricken face. His 
hands held fast by Harry, the elf tried to kick himself 
and fell to the floor. 

Is she coming? Harry asked quietly. 

Dobby let out a howl, and began beating his bare feet 
hard on the floor. Yes, Harry Potter, yes! 

Harry straightened up and looked around at the 
motionless, terrified people gazing at the thrashing 
elf. 

WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? Harry bellowed. 
RUN! 

They all pelted toward the exit at once, forming a 
scrum at the door, then people burst through; Harry 
could hear them sprinting along the corridors and 
hoped they had the sense not to try and make it all 
the way to their dormitories. It was only ten to nine, if 
they just took refuge in the library or the Owlery, 
which were both nearer  

Harry, come on! shrieked Hermione from the center 
of the knot of people now fighting to get out. 

He scooped up Dobby, who was still attempting to do 
himself serious injury, and ran with the elf in his 
arms to join the back of the queue. 

Dobby  this is an order  get back down to the 
kitchen with the other elves, and if she asks you 

  775Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




whether you warned me, lie and say no! said Harry. 
And I forbid you to hurt yourself! he added, 
dropping the elf as he made it over the threshold at 
last and slamming the door behind him. 

Thank you, Harry Potter! squeaked Dobby, and he 
streaked off. Harry glanced left and right, the others 
were all moving so fast that he caught only glimpses 
of flying heels at either end of the corridor before they 
vanished. He started to run right; there was a boys 
bathroom up ahead, he could pretend hed been in 
there all the time if he could just reach it  

AAARGH! 

Something caught him around the ankles and he fell 
spectacularly, skidding along on his front for six feet 
before coming to a halt. Someone behind him was 
laughing. He rolled over onto his back and saw Malfoy 
concealed in a niche beneath an ugly dragonshaped 
vase. 

Trip Jinx, Potter! he said. Hey, Professor  
PROFESSOR! Ive got one! 

Umbridge came bustling around the far corner, 
breathless but wearing a delighted smile. 

Its him! she said jubilantly at the sight of Harry on 
the floor. Excellent, Draco, excellent, oh, very good  
fifty points to Slytherin! Ill take him from here... 

Stand up, Potter! 

Harry got to his feet, glaring at the pair of them. He 
had never seen Umbridge looking so happy. She 
seized his arm in a vicelike grip and turned, beaming 
broadly, to Malfoy. You hop along and see if you can 
round up anymore of them, Draco, she said. Tell the 
others to look in the library  anybody out of breath 
  776Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 check the bathrooms, Miss Parkinson can do the 
girls ones  off you go  and you, she added in her 
softest, most dangerous voice, as Malfoy walked away. 
You can come with me to the headmasters office, 
Potter. 

They were at the stone gargoyle within minutes. Harry 
wondered how many of the others had been caught. 

He thought of Ron  Mrs. Weasley would kill him  
and of how Hermione would feel if she was expelled 
before she could take her O.W.L.s. And it had been 
Seamuss very first meeting ... and Neville had been 
getting so good... 

Fizzing Whizbee, sang Umbridge, and the stone 
gargoyle jumped aside, the wall behind split open, 
and they ascended the moving stone staircase. They 
reached the polished door with the griffin knocker, 
but Umbridge did not bother to knock, she strode 
straight inside, still holding tight to Harry. 

The office was full of people. Dumbledore was sitting 
behind his desk, his expression serene, the tips of his 
long fingers together. Professor McGonagall stood 
rigidly beside him, her face extremely tense. Cornelius 
Fudge, Minister of Magic, was rocking backward and 
forward on his toes beside the fire, apparently 
immensely pleased with the situation. Kingsley 
Shacklebolt and a toughlooking wizard Harry did not 
recognize with very short, wiry hair were positioned 
on either side of the door like guards, and the 
freckled, bespectacled form of Percy Weasley hovered 
excitedly beside the wall, a quill and a heavy scroll of 
parchment in his hands, apparently poised to take 
notes. 

The portraits of old headmasters and mistresses were 
not shamming sleep tonight. All of them were 
watching what was happening below, alert and 

  777Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




serious. As Harry entered, a few flitted into 
neighboring frames and whispered urgently into their 
neighbors ears. 

Harry pulled himself free of Umbridges grasp as the 
door swung shut behind them. Cornelius Fudge was 
glaring at him with a kind of vicious satisfaction upon 
his face. 

Well, he said. Well, well, well ... 

Harry replied with the dirtiest look he could muster. 
His heart drummed madly inside him, but his brain 
was oddly cool and clear. 

He was heading back to Gryffindor Tower, said 
Umbridge. There was an indecent excitement in her 
voice, the same callous pleasure Harry had heard as 
she watched Professor Trelawney dissolving with 
misery in the entrance hall. The Malfoy boy cornered 
him. 

Did he, did he? said Fudge appreciatively. I must 
remember to tell Lucius. Well, Potter ... I expect you 
know why you are here? 

Harry fully intended to respond with a defiant yes: 
His mouth had opened and the word was half formed 
when he caught sight of Dumbledores face. 
Dumbledore was not looking directly at Harry; his 
eyes were fixed upon a point just over his shoulder, 
but as Harry stared at him, he shook his head a 
fraction of an inch to each side. 

Harry changed direction mid word. 

Yeh  no. 

I beg your pardon? said Fudge. 

  778Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, said Harry, firmly. 

You dont know why you are here? 

No, I dont, said Harry. 

Fudge looked incredulously from Harry to Professor 
Umbridge; Harry took advantage of his momentary 
inattention to steal another quick look at 
Dumbledore, who gave the carpet the tiniest of nods 
and the shadow of a wink. 

So you have no idea, said Fudge in a voice positively 
sagging with sarcasm, why Professor Umbridge has 
brought you to this office? You are not aware that you 
have broken any school rules? 

School rules? said Harry. No. 

Or Ministry decrees? amended Fudge angrily. 

Not that Im aware of, said Harry blandly. 

His heart was still hammering very fast. It was almost 
worth telling these lies to watch Fudges blood 
pressure rising, but he could not see how on earth he 
would get away with them. If somebody had tipped off 
Umbridge about the D.A. then he, the leader, might 
as well be packing his trunk right now. 

So its news to you, is it, said Fudge, his voice now 
thick with anger, that an illegal student organization 
has been discovered within this school? 

Yes, it is, said Harry, hoisting an unconvincing look 
of innocent surprise onto his face. 



  779Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I think, Minister, said Umbridge silkily from beside 
him, we might make better progress if I fetch our 
informant. 

Yes, yes, do, said Fudge, nodding, and he glanced 
maliciously at Dumbledore as Umbridge left the room. 
Theres nothing like a good witness, is there, 
Dumbledore? 

Nothing at all, Cornelius, said Dumbledore gravely, 
inclining his head. 

There was a wait of several minutes, in which nobody 
looked at each other, then Harry heard the door open 
behind him. Umbridge moved past him into the room, 
gripping by the shoulder Chos curlyhaired friend 
Marietta, who was hiding her face in her hands. 

Dont be scared, dear, dont be frightened, said 
Professor Umbridge softly, patting her on the back, 
its quite all right, now. You have done the right 
thing. The minister is very pleased with you. Hell be 
telling your mother what a good girl youve been. 
Mariettas mother, Minister, she added, looking up at 
Fudge, is Madam Edgecombe from the Department of 
Magical Transportation. Floo Network office  shes 
been helping us police the Hogwarts fires, you know. 

Jolly good, jolly good! said Fudge heartily. Like 
mother, like daughter, eh? Well, come on, now, dear, 
look up, dont be shy, lets hear what youve got to  
galloping gargoyles! 

As Marietta raised her head, Fudge leapt backward in 
shock, nearly landing himself in the fire. He cursed 
and stamped on the hem of his cloak, which had 
started to smoke, and Marietta gave a wail and pulled 
the neck of her robes right up to her eyes, but not 
before the whole room had seen that her face was 
  780Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




horribly disfigured by a series of close set purple 
pustules that had spread across her nose and cheeks 
to form the word SNEAK. 



Never mind the spots now, dear, said Umbridge 
impatiently, just take your robes away from your 
mouth and tell the Minister   

But Marietta gave another muffled wail and shook her 
head frantically. 

Oh, very well, you silly girl, Ill tell him, snapped 
Umbridge. She hitched her sickly smile back onto her 
face and said, Well, Minister, Miss Edgecombe here 
came to my office shortly after dinner this evening 
and told me she had something she wanted to tell me. 
She said that if I proceeded to a secret room on the 
seventh floor, sometimes known as the Room of 
Requirement, I would find out something to my 
advantage. I questioned her a little further and she 
admitted that there was to be some kind of meeting 
there. Unfortunately at that point this hex, she 
waved impatiently at Mariettas concealed face, came 
into operation and upon catching sight of her face in 
my mirror the girl became too distressed to tell me 
any more. 

Well, now, said Fudge, fixing Marietta with what he 
evidently imagined was a kind and fatherly look. It is 
very brave of you, my dear, coming to tell Professor 
Umbridge, you did exactly the right thing. Now, will 
you tell me what happened at this meeting? What was 
its purpose? Who was there? 

But Marietta would not speak. She merely shook her 
head again, her eyes wide and fearful. 



  781Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Havent we got a counterjinx for this? Fudge asked 
Umbridge impatiently, gesturing at Mariettas face. 

So she can speak freely? 

I have not yet managed to find one, Umbridge 
admitted grudgingly, and Harry felt a surge of pride in 
Hermiones jinxing ability. But it doesnt matter if 
she wont speak, I can take up the story from here. 

You will remember, Minister, that I sent you a report 
back in October that Potter had met a number of 
fellow students in the Hogs Head in Hogsmeade   

And what is your evidence for that? cut in Professor 
McGonagall. 

I have testimony from Willy Widdershins, Minerva, 
who happened to be in the bar at the time. He was 
heavily bandaged, it is true, but his hearing was quite 
unimpaired, said Umbridge smugly. He heard every 
word Potter said and hastened straight to the school 
to report to me   

Oh, so thats why he wasnt prosecuted for setting up 
all those regurgitating toilets! said Professor 
McGonagall, raising her eyebrows. What an 
interesting insight into our justice system! 

Blatant corruption! roared the portrait of the 
corpulent, rednosed wizard on the wall behind 
Dumbledores desk. The Ministry did not cut deals 
with petty criminals in my day, no sir, they did not! 

Thank you, Fortescue, that will do, said 
Dumbledore softly. 

The purpose of Potters meeting with these students, 
continued Professor Umbridge, was to persuade 
them to join an illegal society, whose aim was to learn 

  782Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




spells and curses the Ministry has decided are 
inappropriate for schoolage   

I think you 11 find youre wrong there, Dolores, said 
Dumbledore quietly, peering at her over the half 
moon spectacles perched halfway down his crooked 
nose. 

Harry stared at him. He could not see how 
Dumbledore was going to talk him out of this one; if 
Willy Widdershins had indeed heard every word he 
said in the Hogs Head there was simply no escaping 
it. 

Oho! said Fudge, bouncing up and down on the 
balls of his feet again. Yes, do lets hear the latest 
cockandbull story designed to pull Potter out of 
trouble! Go on, then, Dumbledore, go on  Willy 
Widdershins was lying, was he? Or was it Potters 
identical twin in the Hogs Head that day? Or is there 
the usual simple explanation involving a reversal of 
time, a dead man coming back to life, and a couple of 
invisible dementors? 

Percy Weasley let out a hearty laugh. 

Oh, very good, Minister, very good! 

Harry could have kicked him. Then he saw, to his 
astonishment, that Dumbledore was smiling gently 
too. 

Cornelius, I do not deny  and nor, I am sure, does 
Harry  that he was in the Hogs Head that day, nor 
that he was trying to recruit students to a Defense 
Against the Dark Arts group. I am merely pointing out 
that Dolores is quite wrong to suggest that such a 
group was, at that time, illegal. If you remember, the 
Ministry decree banning all student societies was not 
  783Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




put into effect until two days after Harrys Hogsmeade 
meeting, so he was not breaking any rules in the 
Hogs Head at all. 

Percy looked as though he had been struck in the 
face by something very heavy. Fudge remained 
motionless in midbounce, his mouth hanging open. 

Umbridge recovered first. 

Thats all very fine, Headmaster, she said, smiling 
sweetly. But we are now nearly six months on from 
the introduction of Educational Decree Number 
Twentyfour. If the first meeting was not illegal, all 
those that have happened since most certainly are. 

Well, said Dumbledore, surveying her with polite 
interest over the top of his interlocked fingers, they 
certainly would be, if they had continued after the 
decree came into effect. Do you have any evidence 
that these meetings continued? 

As Dumbledore spoke, Harry heard a rustle behind 
him and rather thought Kingsley whispered 
something. He could have sworn too that he felt 
something brush against his side, a gentle something 
like a draft or bird wings, but looking down he saw 
nothing there. 

Evidence? repeated Umbridge with that horrible 
wide toadlike smile. Have you not been listening, 
Dumbledore? Why do you think Miss Edgecombe is 
here? 

Oh, can she tell us about six months worth of 
meetings? said Dumbledore, raising his eyebrows. I 
was under the impression that she was merely 
reporting a meeting tonight. 



  784Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Miss Edgecombe, said Umbridge at once, tell us 
how long these meetings have been going on, dear. 
You can simply nod or shake your head, Im sure that 
wont make the spots worse. Have they been 
happening regularly over the last six months? 

Harry felt a horrible plummeting in his stomach. This 
was it, they had hit a dead end of solid evidence that 
not even Dumbledore would be able to shift aside... 

Just nod or shake your head, dear, Umbridge said 
coaxingly to Marietta. Come on, now, that wont 
activate the jinx further... 

Everyone in the room was gazing at the top of 
Mariettas face. Only her eyes were visible between 
the pulled up robes and her curly fringe. Perhaps it 
was a trick of the firelight, but her eyes looked oddly 
blank. And then  to Harrys utter amazement  
Marietta shook her head. 

Umbridge looked quickly at Fudge and then back at 
Marietta. 

I dont think you understood the question, did you, 
dear? Im asking whether youve been going to these 
meetings for the past six months? You have, havent 
you? 

Again, Marietta shook her head. 

What do you mean by shaking your head, dear? 
said Umbridge in a testy voice. 

I would have thought her meaning was quite clear, 
said Professor McGonagall harshly. There have been 
no secret meetings for the past six months. Is that 
correct, Miss Edgecombe? 



  785Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Marietta nodded. 



But there was a meeting tonight! said Umbridge 
furiously. There was a meeting, Miss Edgecombe, 
you told me about it, in the Room of Requirement! 

And Potter was the leader, was he not, Potter 
organized it, Potter  why are you shaking your head, 
girl? 

Well, usually when a person shakes their head, said 
McGonagall coldly, they mean no. So unless Miss 
Edgecombe is using a form of sign language as yet 
unknown to humans   

Professor Umbridge seized Marietta, pulled her 
around to face her, and began shaking her very hard. 
A split second later Dumbledore was on his feet, his 
wand raised. Kingsley started forward and Umbridge 
leapt back from Marietta, waving her hands in the air 
as though they had been burned. 

I cannot allow you to manhandle my students, 
Dolores, said Dumbledore, and for the first time, he 
looked angry. 

You want to calm yourself, Madam Umbridge, said 
Kingsley in his deep, slow voice. You dont want to 
get yourself into trouble now. 

No, said Umbridge breathlessly, glancing up at the 
towering figure of Kingsley. I mean, yes  youre 
right, Shacklebolt  I  I forgot myself. 

Marietta was standing exactly where Umbridge had 
released her. She seemed neither perturbed by 
Umbridges sudden attack, nor relieved by her 
release. She was still clutching her robe up to her 
oddly blank eyes, staring straight ahead of her. A 
sudden suspicion connected to Kingsleys whisper 
  786Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and the thing he had felt shoot past him sprang into 
Harrys mind. 



Dolores, said Fudge, with the air of trying to settle 
something once and for all, the meeting tonight  
the one we know definitely happened   

Yes, said Umbridge, pulling herself together, yes ... 
well, Miss Edgecombe tipped me off and I proceeded 
at once to the seventh floor, accompanied by certain 
trustworthy students, so as to catch those in the 
meeting redhanded. It appears that they were 
forewarned of my arrival, however, because when we 
reached the seventh floor they were running in every 
direction. It does not matter, however. I have all their 
names here, Miss Parkinson ran into the Room of 
Requirement for me to see if they had left anything 
behind... We needed evidence and the room provided 



And to Harrys horror, she withdrew from her pocket 
the list of names that had been pinned upon the 
Room of Requirements wall and handed it to Fudge. 

The moment I saw Potters name on the list, I knew 
what we were dealing with, she said softly. 

Excellent, said Fudge, a smile spreading across his 
face. Excellent, Dolores. And ... by thunder ... 

He looked up at Dumbledore, who was still standing 
beside Marietta, his wand held loosely in his hand. 

See what theyve named themselves? said Fudge 
quietly. DumbledoresArmy. 

Dumbledore reached out and took the piece of 
parchment from Fudge. He gazed at the heading 
scribbled by Hermione months before and for a 

  787Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




moment seemed unable to speak. Then he looked up, 
smiling. 



Well, the game is up, he said simply. Would you 
like a written confession from me, Cornelius  or will 
a statement before these witnesses suffice? 

Harry saw McGonagall and Kingsley look at each 
other. There was fear in both faces. He did not 
understand what was going on, and neither, 
apparently, did Fudge. 

Statement? said Fudge slowly. What  I dont  ? 

Dumbledores Army, Cornelius, said Dumbledore, 
still smiling as he waved the list of names before 
Fudges face. Not Potters Army. Dumbledores Army. 

But  but   

Understanding blazed suddenly in Fudges face. He 
took a horrified step backward, yelped, and jumped 
out of the fire again. 

You? he whispered, stamping again on his 
smoldering cloak. 

Thats right, said Dumbledore pleasantly. 

You organized this? 

I did, said Dumbledore. 

You recruited these students for  for your army? 

Tonight was supposed to be the first meeting, said 
Dumbledore, nodding. Merely to see whether they 
would be interested in joining me. I see now that it 
was a mistake to invite Miss Edgecombe, of course. 

  788Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Marietta nodded. Fudge looked from her to 
Dumbledore, his chest swelling. 



Then you have been plotting against me! he yelled. 
Thats right, said Dumbledore cheerfully. 

NO! shouted Harry. 

Kingsley flashed a look of warning at him, 

McGonagall widened her eyes threateningly, but it 
had suddenly dawned upon Harry what Dumbledore 
was about to do, and he could not let it happen. 

No  Professor Dumbledore! 

Be quiet, Harry, or I am afraid you will have to leave 
my office, said Dumbledore calmly. 

Yes, shut up, Potter! barked Fudge, who was still 
ogling Dumbledore with a kind of horrified delight. 
Well, well, well  I came here tonight expecting to 
expel Potter and instead   

Instead you get to arrest me, said Dumbledore, 
smiling. Its like losing a Knut and finding a Galleon, 
isnt it? 

Weasley! cried Fudge, now positively quivering with 
delight, Weasley, have you written it all down, 
everything hes said, his confession, have you got it? 

Yes, sir, I think so, sir! said Percy eagerly, whose 
nose was splattered with ink from the speed of his 
notetaking. 

The bit about how hes been trying to build up an 
army against the Ministry, how hes been working to 
destabilize me? 

  789Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, sir, Ive got it, yes! said Percy, scanning his 
notes joyfully. 

Very well, then, said Fudge, now radiant with glee. 
Duplicate your notes, Weasley, and send a copy to 
the Daily Prophet at once. If we send a fast owl we 
should make the morning edition! Percy dashed from 
the room, slamming the door behind him, and Fudge 
turned back to Dumbledore. You will now be 
escorted back to the Ministry, where you will be 
formally charged and then sent to Azkaban to await 
trial! 

Ah, said Dumbledore gently, yes. Yes, I thought we 
might hit that little snag. 

Snag? said Fudge, his voice still vibrating with joy. 

I see no snag, Dumbledore! 

Well, said Dumbledore apologetically, Im afraid I 
do. 

Oh really? 

Well  its just that you seem to be laboring under 
the delusion that I am going to  what is the phrase? 
Come quietly.  I am afraid I am not going to come 
quietly at all, Cornelius. I have absolutely no 
intention of being sent to Azkaban. I could break out, 
of course  but what a waste of time, and frankly, I 
can think of a whole host of things I would rather be 
doing. 

Umbridges face was growing steadily redder, she 
looked as though she was being filled with boiling 
water. Fudge stared at Dumbledore with a very silly 
expression on his face, as though he had just been 
stunned by a sudden blow and could not quite believe 
it had happened. He made a small choking noise and 
  790Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




then looked around at Kingsley and the man with 
short gray hair, who alone of everyone in the room 
had remained entirely silent so far. The latter gave 
Fudge a reassuring nod and moved forward a little, 
away from the wall. Harry saw his hand drift, almost 
casually, toward his pocket. 

Dont be silly, Dawlish, said Dumbledore kindly. 

Im sure you are an excellent Auror, I seem to 
remember that you achieved Outstanding in all your 
N.E.W.T.s, but if you attempt to  er  bring me in 
by force, I will have to hurt you. 

The man called Dawlish blinked, looking rather 
foolish. He looked toward Fudge again, but this time 
seemed to be hoping for a clue as to what to do next. 

So, sneered Fudge, recovering himself, you intend 
to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores, and myself 
singlehanded, do you, Dumbledore? 

Merlins beard, no, said Dumbledore, smiling. Not 
unless you are foolish enough to force me to. 

He will not be singlehanded! said Professor 
McGonagall loudly, plunging her hand inside her 
robes. 

Oh yes he will, Minerva! said Dumbledore sharply. 
Hogwarts needs you! 

Enough of this rubbish! said Fudge, pulling out his 
own wand. Dawlish! Shacklebolt! Take him ).  

A streak of silver light flashed around the room. There 
was a bang like a gunshot, and the floor trembled. A 
hand grabbed the scruff of Harrys neck and forced 
him down on the floor as a second silver flash went 
off  several of the portraits yelled, Fawkes 
  791Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




screeched, and a cloud of dust filled the air. Coughing 
in the dust, Harry saw a dark figure fall to the ground 
with a crash in front of him. There was a shriek and a 
thud and somebody cried, No! Then the sound of 
breaking glass, frantically scuffling footsteps, a groan 

 and silence. 

Harry struggled around to see who was half 
strangling him and saw Professor McGonagall 
crouched beside him. She had forced both him and 
Marietta out of harms way. Dust was still floating 
gently down through the air onto them. Panting 
slightly, Harry saw a very tall figure moving toward 
them. 

Are you all right? said Dumbledore. 

Yes! said Professor McGonagall, getting up and 
dragging Harry and Marietta with her. 

The dust was clearing. The wreckage of the office 
loomed into view: Dumbledores desk had been 
overturned, all of the spindly tables had been 
knocked to the floor, their silver instruments in 
pieces. Fudge, Umbridge, Kingsley, and Dawlish lay 
motionless on the floor. Fawkes the phoenix soared in 
wide circles above them, singing softly. 

Unfortunately, I had to hex Kingsley too, or it would 
have looked very suspicious, said Dumbledore in a 
low voice. He was remarkably quick on the uptake, 
modifying Miss Edgecombes memory like that while 
everyone was looking the other way  thank him for 
me, wont you, Minerva? 

Now, they will all awake very soon and it will be best 
if they do not know that we had time to communicate 

 you must act as though no time has passed, as 



  792Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




though they were merely knocked to the ground, they 
will not remember   

Where will you go, Dumbledore? whispered 
Professor McGonagall. Grimmauld Place? 

Oh no, said Dumbledore with a grim smile. I am 
not leaving to go into hiding. Fudge will soon wish 
hed never dislodged me from Hogwarts, I promise 
you... 

Professor Dumbledore ... Harry began. 

He did not know what to say first: how sorry he was 
that he had started the D.A. in the first place and 
caused all this trouble, or how terrible he felt that 
Dumbledore was leaving to save him from expulsion? 
But Dumbledore cut him off before he could say 
another word. 

Listen to me, Harry, he said urgently, you must 
study Occlumency as hard as you can, do you 
understand me? Do everything Professor Snape tells 
you and practice it particularly every night before 
sleeping so that you can close your mind to bad 
dreams  you will understand why soon enough, but 
you must promise me   

The man called Dawlish was stirring. Dumbledore 
seized Harrys wrist. 

Remember  close your mind   

But as Dumbledore s fingers closed over Harrys skin, 
a pain shot through the scar on his forehead, and he 
felt again that terrible, snakelike longing to strike 
Dumbledore, to bite him, to hurt him  

  you will understand, whispered Dumbledore. 

  793Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fawkes circled the office and swooped low over him. 
Dumbledore released Harry, raised his hand, and 
grasped the phoenixs long golden tail. There was a 
flash of fire and the pair of them had gone. 

Where is he? yelled Fudge, pushing himself up from 
the ground. Where is he? 

I dont know! shouted Kingsley, also leaping to his 
feet. 

Well, he cant have Disapparated! cried Umbridge. 
You cant inside this school   

The stairs! cried Dawlish, and he flung himself upon 
the door, wrenched it open, and disappeared, followed 
closely by Kingsley and Umbridge. Fudge hesitated, 
then got to his feet slowly, brushing dust from his 
front. There was a long and painful silence. 

Well, Minerva, said Fudge nastily, straightening his 
torn shirtsleeve, Im afraid this is the end of your 
friend Dumbledore. 

You think so, do you? said Professor McGonagall 
scornfully. 

Fudge seemed not to hear her. He was looking around 
at the wrecked office. A few of the portraits hissed at 
him; one or two even made rude hand gestures. 

Youd better get those two off to bed, said Fudge, 
looking back at Professor McGonagall with a 
dismissive nod toward Harry and Marietta. 

She said nothing, but marched Harry and Marietta to 
the door. As it swung closed behind them, Harry 
heard Phineas Nigelluss voice. 



  794Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on 
many counts ... but you cannot deny hes got style... 



  795Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






SNAPES WORST MEMORY 

 BY ORDER OF  

THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC 

Dolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor) has replaced 
Albus Dumbledore as Head of Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry. 

The above is in accordance with 

Educational Decree Number Twentyeight. 

Signed: 

Cornelius Oswald Fudge 
MINISTER OF MAGIC 

The notices had gone up all over the school overnight, 
but they did not explain how every single person 
within the castle seemed to know that Dumbledore 



  796Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



had overcome two Aurors, the High Inquisitor, the 
Minister of Magic, and his Junior Assistant to escape. 
No matter where Harry went within the castle next 
day, the sole topic of conversation was Dumbledores 
flight, and though some of the details might have 
gone awry in the retelling (Harry overheard one 
secondyear girl assuring another that Fudge was 
now lying in St. Mungos with a pumpkin for a head), 
it was surprising how accurate the rest of their 
information was. Everybody seemed aware, for 
instance, that Harry and Marietta were the only 
students to have witnessed the scene in Dumbledores 
office, and as Marietta was now in the hospital wing, 
Harry found himself besieged with requests to give a 
firsthand account wherever he went. 

Dumbledore will be back before long, said Ernie 
Macmillan confidently on the way back from 
Herbology after listening intently to Harrys story. 
They couldnt keep him away in our second year and 
they wont be able to this time. The Fat Friar told me 
... He dropped his voice conspiratorially, so that 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had to lean closer to him 
to hear, "... that Umbridge tried to get back into his 
office last night after theyd searched the castle and 
grounds for him. Couldnt get past the gargoyle. The 
Heads office has sealed itself against her. Ernie 
smirked. Apparently she had a right little tantrum... 

Oh, I expect she really fancied herself sitting up 
there in the Heads office, said Hermione viciously, as 
they walked up the stone steps into the entrance hall. 
Lording it over all the other teachers, the stupid 
puffedup, powercrazy old   

Now, do you really want to finish that sentence, 
Granger? 



  797Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Draco Malfoy had slid out from behind the door, 
followed by Crabbe and Goyle. His pale, pointed face 
was alight with malice. 

Afraid Im going to have to dock a few points from 
Gryffindor and Hufflepuff, he drawled. 

Its only teachers that can dock points from Houses, 
Malfoy, said Ernie at once. 

Yeah, were prefects too, remember? snarled Ron. 

I know prefects cant dock points, Weasel King, 
sneered Malfoy; Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. But 
members of the Inquisitorial Squad   

The what? said Hermione sharply. 

The Inquisitorial Squad, Granger, said Malfoy, 
pointing toward a tiny silver I upon his robes just 
beneath his prefects badge. A select group of 
students who are supportive of the Ministry of Magic, 
handpicked by Professor Umbridge. Anyway, 
members of the Inquisitorial Squad do have the power 
to dock points... So, Granger, Ill have five from you 
for being rude about our new headmistress... 
Macmillan, five for contradicting me... Five because I 
dont like you, Potter ... Weasley, your shirts 
untucked, so Ill have another five for that... Oh yeah, 

I forgot, youre a Mudblood, Granger, so ten for 
that... 

Ron pulled out his wand, but Hermione pushed it 
away, whispering, Dont! 

Wise move, Granger, breathed Malfoy. New Head, 
new times ... Be good now, Potty ... Weasel King ... 



  798Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He strode away, laughing heartily with Crabbe and 
Goyle. 

He was bluffing, said Ernie, looking appalled. He 
cant be allowed to dock points ... that would be 
ridiculous... It would completely undermine the 
prefect system... 

But Harry, Ron, and Hermione had turned 
automatically toward the giant hourglasses set in 
niches along the wall behind them, which recorded 
the House points. Gryffindor and Ravenclaw had been 
neck and neck in the lead that morning. Even as they 
watched, stones flew upward, reducing the amounts 
in the lower bulbs. In fact, the only glass that seemed 
unchanged was the emeraldfilled one of Slytherin. 

Noticed, have you? said Freds voice. 

He and George had just come down the marble 
staircase and joined Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie 
in front of the hourglasses. 

Malfoy just docked us all about fifty points, said 
Harry furiously, as they watched several more stones 
fly upward from the Gryffindor hourglass. 

Yeah, Montague tried to do us during break, said 
George. 

What do you mean, tried? said Ron quickly. 

He never managed to get all the words out, said 
Fred, due to the fact that we forced him headfirst 
into that Vanishing Cabinet on the first floor. 

Hermione looked very shocked. 

But youll get into terrible trouble! 

  799Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Not until Montague reappears, and that could take 
weeks, I dunno where we sent him, said Fred coolly. 
Anyway ... weve decided we dont care about getting 
into trouble anymore. 

Have you ever? asked Hermione. 

 Course we have, said George. Never been expelled, 
have we? 

Weve always known where to draw the line, said 
Fred. 

We might have put a toe across it occasionally, said 
George. 

But weve always stopped short of causing real 
mayhem, said Fred. 

But now? said Ron tentatively. 

Well, now   said George. 

  what with Dumbledore gone   said Fred. 

  we reckon a bit of mayhem   said George. 

  is exactly what our dear new Head deserves, said 
Fred. 

You mustnt! whispered Hermione. You really 
mustnt! Shed love a reason to expel you! 

You dont get it, Hermione, do you? said Fred, 
smiling at her. We dont care about staying anymore. 
Wed walk out right now if we werent determined to 
do our bit for Dumbledore first. So anyway, he 
checked his watch, phase one is about to begin. Id 
get in the Great Hall for lunch if I were you, that way 

  800Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




the teachers will see you cant have had anything to 
do with it. 

Anything to do with what? said Hermione anxiously. 

Youll see, said George. Run along, now. 

Fred and George turned away and disappeared in the 
swelling crowd descending the stairs toward lunch. 
Looking highly disconcerted, Ernie muttered 
something about unfinished Transfiguration 
homework and scurried away. 

I think we should get out of here, you know, said 
Hermione nervously. Just in case ... 

Yeah, all right, said Ron, and the three of them 
moved toward the doors to the Great Hall, but Harry 
had barely glimpsed todays ceiling of scudding white 
clouds when somebody tapped him on the shoulder 
and, turning, he found himself almost nose to nose 
with Filch, the caretaker. He took several hasty steps 
backward; Filch was best viewed at a distance. 

The headmistress would like to see you, Potter, he 
leered. 

I didnt do it, said Harry stupidly, thinking of 
whatever Fred and George were planning. Filchs 
jowls wobbled with silent laughter. 

Guilty conscience, eh? he wheezed. Follow me... 

Harry glanced back at Ron and Hermione, who were 
both looking worried. He shrugged and followed Filch 
back into the entrance hall, against the tide of hungry 
students. 



  801Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Filch seemed to be in an extremely good mood; he 
hummed creakily under his breath as they climbed 
the marble staircase. As they reached the first landing 
he said, Things are changing around here, Potter. 

Ive noticed, said Harry coldly. 

Yerse ... Ive been telling Dumbledore for years and 
years hes too soft with you all, said Filch, chuckling 
nastily. You filthy little beasts would never have 
dropped Stinkpellets if youd known I had it in my 
power to whip you raw, would you, now? Nobody 
would have thought of throwing Fanged Frisbees 
down the corridors if I couldve strung you up by the 
ankles in my office, would they? But when 
Educational Decree Twentynine comes in, Potter, Ill 
be allowed to do them things... And shes asked the 
Minister to sign an order for the expulsion of Peeves... 
Oh, things are going to be very different around here 
with her in charge... 

Umbridge had obviously gone to some lengths to get 
Filch on her side, Harry thought, and the worst of it 
was that he would probably prove an important 
weapon; his knowledge of the schools secret 
passageways and hiding places was probably second 
only to the Weasley twins. 

Here we are, he said, leering down at Harry as he 
rapped three times upon Professor Umbridges door 
and pushed it open. The Potter boy to see you, 
maam. 

Umbridges office, so very familiar to Harry from his 
many detentions, was the same as usual except for 
the large wooden block lying across the front of her 
desk on which golden letters spelled the word 
HEADMISTRESS; also his Firebolt, and Freds and 
Georges Cleansweeps, which he saw with a pang 
  802Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




were now chained and padlocked to a stout iron peg 
in the wall behind the desk. Umbridge was sitting 
behind the desk, busily scribbling upon some of her 
pink parchment, but looked up and smiled widely at 
their entrance. 

Thank you, Argus, she said sweetly. 

Not at all, maam, not at all, said Filch, bowing as 
low as his rheumatism would permit, and exiting 
backward. 

Sit, said Umbridge curtly, pointing toward a chair, 
and Harry sat. She continued to scribble for a few 
moments. He watched some of the foul kittens 
gamboling around the plates over her head, 
wondering what fresh horror she had in store for him. 

Well now, she said finally, setting down her quill 
and looking like a toad about to swallow a 
particularly juicy fly. What would you like to drink? 

What? said Harry, quite sure he had misheard her. 

To drink, Mr. Potter, she said, smiling still more 
widely. Tea? Coffee? Pumpkin juice? 

As she named each drink, she gave her short wand a 
wave, and a cup or glass of it appeared upon her 
desk. 

Nothing, thank you, said Harry. 

I wish you to have a drink with me, she said, her 
voice becoming more dangerously sweet. Choose 
one. 

Fine ... tea then, said Harry, shrugging. 



  803Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She got up and made quite a performance of adding 
milk with her back to him. She then bustled around 
the desk with it, smiling in sinisterly sweet fashion. 

There, she said, handing it to him. Drink it before it 
gets cold, wont you? Well, now, Mr. Potter ... I 
thought we ought to have a little chat, after the 
distressing events of last night. 

He said nothing. She settled herself back into her seat 
and waited. When several long moments had passed 
in silence, she said gaily, Youre not drinking up! 

He raised the cup to his lips and then, just as 
suddenly, lowered it. One of the horrible painted 
kittens behind Umbridge had great round blue eyes 
just like MadEye Moodys magical one, and it had 
just occurred to Harry what MadEye would say if he 
ever heard that Harry had drunk anything offered by 
a known enemy. 

Whats the matter? said Umbridge, who was still 
watching him. Do you want sugar? 

No, said Harry. 

He raised the cup to his lips again and pretended to 
take a sip, though keeping his mouth tightly closed. 
Umbridges smile widened. 

Good, she whispered. Very good. Now then ... She 
leaned forward a little. Where is Albus Dumbledore? 

No idea, said Harry promptly. 

Drink up, drink up, she said, still smiling. Now, 

Mr. Potter, let us not play childish games. I know that 
you know where he has gone. You and Dumbledore 



  804Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




have been in this together from the beginning. 
Consider your position, Mr. Potter... 

I dont know where he is. 

Harry pretended to drink again. 

Very well, said Umbridge, looking displeased. In 
that case, you will kindly tell me the whereabouts of 
Sirius Black. 

Harrys stomach turned over and his hand holding 
the teacup shook so that the cup rattled in its saucer. 
He tilted the cup to his mouth with his lips pressed 
together, so that some of the hot liquid trickled down 
onto his robes. 

I dont know, he said a little too quickly. 

Mr. Potter, said Umbridge, let me remind you that 
it was I who almost caught the criminal Black in the 
Gryffindor fire in October. I know perfectly well it was 
you he was meeting and if I had had any proof neither 
of you would be at large today, I promise you. I 
repeat, Mr. Potter ... Where is Sirius Black? 

No idea, said Harry loudly. Havent got a clue. 

They stared at each other so long that Harry felt his 
eyes watering. Then she stood up. 

Very well, Potter, I will take your word for it this 
time, but be warned: The might of the Ministry stands 
behind me. All channels of communication in and out 
of this school are being monitored. A Floo Network 
Regulator is keeping watch over every fire in Hogwarts 
 except my own, of course. My Inquisitorial Squad 
is opening and reading all owl post entering and 
leaving the castle. And Mr. Filch is observing all 
  805Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




secret passages in and out of the castle. If I find a 
shred of evidence ... 



BOOM! 

The very floor of the office shook; Umbridge slipped 
sideways, clutching her desk for support, looking 
shocked. 

What was  ? 

She was gazing toward the door; Harry took the 
opportunity to empty his almost full cup of tea into 
the nearest vase of dried flowers. He could hear 
people running and screaming several floors below. 

Back to lunch with you, Potter! cried Umbridge, 
raising her wand and dashing out of the office. Harry 
gave her a few seconds start then hurried after her to 
see what the source of all the uproar was. 

It was not difficult to find. One floor down, 
pandemonium reigned. Somebody (and Harry had a 
very shrewd idea who) had set off what seemed to be 
an enormous crate of enchanted fireworks. 

Dragons comprised entirely of greenandgold sparks 
were soaring up and down the corridors, emitting 
loud fiery blasts and bangs as they went. Shocking 
pink Catherine wheels five feet in diameter were 
whizzing lethally through the air like so many flying 
saucers. Rockets with long tails of brilliant silver stars 
were ricocheting off the walls. Sparklers were writing 
swearwords in midair of their own accord. 

Firecrackers were exploding like mines everywhere 
Harry looked, and instead of burning themselves out, 
fading from sight, or fizzling to a halt, these 
pyrotechnical miracles seemed to be gaining in energy 
and momentum the longer he watched. 

  806Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Filch and Umbridge were standing, apparently 
transfixed with horror, halfway down the stairs. As 
Harry watched, one of the larger Catherine wheels 
seemed to decide that what it needed was more room 
to maneuver; it whirled toward Umbridge and Filch 
with a sinister voheeeeeeeeee. Both adults yelled with 
fright and ducked and it soared straight out of the 
window behind them and off across the grounds. 
Meanwhile, several of the dragons and a large purple 
bat that was smoking ominously took advantage of 
the open door at the end of the corridor to escape 
toward the second floor. 

Hurry, Filch, hurry! shrieked Umbridge. Theyll be 
all over the school unless we do something  

Stupefy] 

A jet of red light shot out of the end of her wand and 
hit one of the rockets. Instead of freezing in midair, it 
exploded with such force that it blasted a hole in a 
painting of a soppylooking witch in the middle of a 
meadow  she ran for it just in time, reappearing 
seconds later squashed into the painting next door, 
where a couple of wizards playing cards stood up 
hastily to make room for her. 

Dont Stun them, Filch! shouted Umbridge angrily, 
for all the world as though it had been his suggestion. 

Right you are, Headmistress! wheezed Filch, who 
was a Squib and could no more have Stunned the 
fireworks than swallowed them. He dashed to a 
nearby cupboard, pulled out a broom, and began 
swatting at the fireworks in midair; within seconds 
the head of the broom was ablaze. 

Harry had seen enough. Laughing, he ducked down 
low, ran to a door he knew was concealed behind a 
tapestry a little way along the corridor and slipped 

  807Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




through it to find Fred and George hiding just behind 
it, listening to Umbridges and Filchs yells and 
quaking with suppressed mirth. 

Impressive, Harry said quietly, grinning. Very 
impressive ... Youll put Dr. Filibuster out of business, 
no problem... 

Cheers, whispered George, wiping tears of laughter 
from his face. Oh, I hope she tries Vanishing them 
next... They multiply by ten every time you try... 

The fireworks continued to burn and to spread all 
over the school that afternoon. Though they caused 
plenty of disruption, particularly the firecrackers, the 
other teachers did not seem to mind them very much. 

Dear, dear, said Professor McGonagall sardonically, 
as one of the dragons soared around her classroom, 
emitting loud bangs and exhaling flame. Miss Brown, 
would you mind running along to the headmistress 
and informing her that we have an escaped firework 
in our classroom? 

The upshot of it all was that Professor Umbridge 
spent her first afternoon as headmistress running all 
over the school answering the summonses of the 
other teachers, none of whom seemed able to rid their 
rooms of the fireworks without her. When the final 
bell rang and the students were heading back to 
Gryffindor Tower with their bags, Harry saw, with 
immense satisfaction, a disheveled and soot 
blackened Umbridge tottering sweatyfaced from 
Professor Flitwicks classroom. 

Thank you so much, Professor! said Professor 
Flitwick in his squeaky little voice. I could have got 
rid of the sparklers myself, of course, but I wasnt 
sure whether I had the authority... 

  808Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Beaming, he closed his classroom door in her snarling 
face. 

Fred and George were heroes that night in the 
Gryffindor common room. Even Hermione fought her 
way through the excited crowd around them to 
congratulate them. 

They were wonderful fireworks, she said admiringly. 

Thanks, said George, looking both surprised and 
pleased. Weasleys Wildfire WhizBangs. Only thing 
is, we used our whole stock, were going to have to 
start again from scratch now... 

It was worth it, though, said Fred, who was taking 
orders from clamoring Gryffindors. If you want to 
add your name to the waiting list, Hermione, its five 
Galleons for your Basic Blaze box and twenty for the 
Deflagration Deluxe... 

Hermione returned to the table where Harry and Ron 
were sitting staring at their schoolbags as though 
hoping their homework might spring out of it and 
start doing itself. 

Oh, why dont we have a night off? said Hermione 
brightly, as a silvertailed Weasley rocket zoomed past 
the window. After all, the Easter holidays start on 
Friday, well have plenty of time then... 

Are you feeling all right? Ron asked, staring at her 
in disbelief. 

Now you mention it, said Hermione happily, dyou 
know ... I think Im feeling a bit ... rebellious. 

Harry could still hear the distant bangs of escaped 
firecrackers when he and Ron went up to bed an hour 

  809Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




later, and as he got undressed a sparkler floated past 
the tower, still resolutely spelling out the word POO. 

He got into bed, yawning. With his glasses off, the 
occasional firework still passing the window became 
blurred, looking like sparkling clouds, beautiful and 
mysterious against the black sky. He turned onto his 
side, wondering how Umbridge was feeling about her 
first day in Dumbledores job, and how Fudge would 
react when he heard that the school had spent most 
of the day in a state of advanced disruption... Smiling 
to himself, he closed his eyes... 

The whizzes and bangs of escaped fireworks in the 
grounds seemed to be growing more distant ... or 
perhaps he, Harry, was simply speeding away from 
them... 

He had fallen right into the corridor leading to the 
Department of Mysteries. He was speeding toward the 
plain black door... Let it open... Let it open... 

It did. He was inside the circular room lined with 
doors... He crossed it, placed his hand upon an 
identical door, and it swung inward... 

Now he was in a long, rectangular room full of an odd, 
mechanical clicking. There were dancing flecks of 
light on the walls but he did not pause to 
investigate... He had to go on... 

There was a door at the far end... It too opened at his 
touch... 

And now he was in a dimly lit room as high and wide 
as a church, full of nothing but rows and rows of 
towering shelves, each laden with small, dusty, spun 
glass spheres... Now Harrys heart was beating fast 
with excitement... He knew where to go... He ran 
  810Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




forward, but his footsteps made no noise in the 
enormous, deserted room... 

There was something in this room he wanted very, 
very much... 

Something he wanted... or somebody else wanted... 

His scar was hurting. . . 

BANG! Harry awoke instantly, confused and angry. 
The dark dormitory was full of the sound of laughter. 

Cool! said Seamus, who was silhouetted against the 
window. 

I think one of those Catherine wheels hit a rocket 
and its like they mated, come and see! 

Harry heard Ron and Dean scramble out of bed for a 
better look. He lay quite still and silent while the pain 
in his scar subsided and disappointment washed over 
him. He felt as though a wonderful treat had been 
snatched from him at the very last moment... He had 
got so close that time... 

Glittering, pinkandsilver winged piglets were now 
soaring past the windows of Gryffindor Tower. Harry 
lay and listened to the appreciative whoops of 
Gryffindors in the dormitories below them. His 
stomach gave a sickening jolt as he remembered that 
he had Occlumency the following evening. . . 

Harry spent the whole of the next day dreading what 
Snape was going to say if he found out how much 
farther into the Department of Mysteries he had 
penetrated during his last dream. With a surge of 
guilt he realized that he had not practiced 
Occlumency once since their last lesson: There had 
  811Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




been too much going on since Dumbledore had left. 

He was sure he would not have been able to empty 
his mind even if he had tried. He doubted, however, 
whether Snape would accept that excuse... 

He attempted a little lastminute practice during 
classes that day, but it was no good, Hermione kept 
asking him what was wrong whenever he fell silent 
trying to rid himself of all thought and emotion and, 
after all, the best moment to empty his brain was not 
while teachers were firing review questions at the 
class. 

Resigned to the worst, he set off for Snape s office 
after dinner. Halfway across the entrance hall, 
however, Cho came hurrying up to him. 

Over here, said Harry, glad of a reason to postpone 
his meeting with Snape and beckoning her across to 
the corner of the entrance hall where the giant 
hourglasses stood. Gryffindors was now almost 
empty. Are you okay? Umbridge hasnt been asking 
you about the D.A., has she? 

Oh no, said Cho hurriedly. No, it was only ... Well, I 
just wanted to say ... Harry, I never dreamed Marietta 
would tell... 

Yeah, well, said Harry moodily. He did feel Cho 
might have chosen her friends a bit more carefully. It 
was small consolation that the last he had heard, 
Marietta was still up in the hospital wing and Madam 
Pomfrey had not been able to make the slightest 
improvement to her pimples. 

Shes a lovely person really, said Cho. She just 
made a mistake   



Harry looked at her incredulously. 

  812Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




A lovely person who made a mistake? She sold us all 
out, including you! 

Well ... we all got away, didnt we? said Cho 
pleadingly. You know, her mum works for the 
Ministry, its really difficult for her   

Rons dad works for the Ministry too! Harry said 
furiously. And in case you hadnt noticed, he hasnt 
got sneak written across his face   

That was a really horrible trick of Hermione 
Grangers, said Cho fiercely. She should have told 
us shed jinxed that list   

I think it was a brilliant idea, said Harry coldly. Cho 
flushed and her eyes grew brighter. 

Oh yes, I forgot  of course, if it was darling 
Hermiones idea   

Dont start crying again, said Harry warningly. 

I wasnt going to! she shouted. 

Yeah ... well ... good, he said. Ive got enough to 
cope with at the moment. 

Go and cope with it then! she said furiously, turning 
on her heel and stalking off. 

Fuming, Harry descended the stairs to Snapes 
dungeon, and though he knew from experience how 
much easier it would be for Snape to penetrate his 
mind if he arrived angry and resentful, he succeeded 
in nothing but thinking of a few more good things he 
should have said to Cho about Marietta before 
reaching the dungeon door. 



  813Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Youre late, Potter, said Snape coldly, as Harry 
closed the door behind him. 

Snape was standing with his back to Harry, removing, 
as usual, certain of his thoughts and placing them 
carefully in Dumbledores Pensieve. He dropped the 
last silvery strand into the stone basin and turned to 
face Harry. 

So, he said. Have you been practicing? 

Yes, Harry lied, looking carefully at one of the legs of 
Snapes desk. 

Well, well soon find out, wont we? said Snape 
smoothly. Wand out, Potter. 

Harry moved into his usual position, facing Snape 
with the desk between them. His heart was pumping 
fast with anger at Cho and anxiety about how much 
Snape was about to extract from his mind. 

On the count of three then, said Snape lazily. One 
 two   

Snapes office door banged open and Draco Malfoy 
sped in. 

Professor Snape, sir  oh  sorry   

Malfoy was looking at Snape and Harry in some 
surprise. 

Its all right, Draco, said Snape, lowering his wand. 
Potter is here for a little Remedial Potions. 

Harry had not seen Malfoy look so gleeful since 
Umbridge had turned up to inspect Hagrid. 



  814Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I didnt know, he said, leering at Harry, who knew 
his face was burning. He would have given a great 
deal to be able to shout the truth at Malfoy  or, even 
better, to hit him with a good curse. 

Well, Draco, what is it? asked Snape. 

Its Professor Umbridge, sir  she needs your help, 
said Malfoy. Theyve found Montague, sir. Hes 
turned up jammed inside a toilet on the fourth floor. 

How did he get in there? demanded Snape. 

I dont know, sir, hes a bit confused... 

Very well, very well  Potter, said Snape, we shall 
resume this lesson tomorrow evening instead. 

He turned and swept from his office. Malfoy mouthed 
Remedial Potions? at Harry behind Snape s back 
before following him. 

Seething, Harry replaced his wand inside his robes 
and made to leave the room. At least he had twenty 
four more hours in which to practice; he knew he 
ought to feel grateful for the narrow escape, though it 
was hard that it came at the expense of Malfoy telling 
the whole school that he needed Remedial Potions... 

He was at the office door when he saw it: a patch of 
shivering light dancing on the door frame. He 
stopped, looking at it, reminded of something... Then 
he remembered: It was a little like the lights he had 
seen in his dream last night, the lights in the second 
room he had walked through on his journey through 
the Department of Mysteries. 

He turned around. The light was coming from the 
Pensieve sitting on Snape s desk. The silver white 

  815Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




contents were ebbing and swirling within. Snapes 
thoughts . . . things he did not want Harry to see if he 
broke through Snapes defenses accidentally... 

Harry gazed at the Pensieve, curiosity welling inside 
him... What was it that Snape was so keen to hide 
from Harry? 

The silvery lights shivered on the wall... Harry took 
two steps toward the desk, thinking hard. Could it 
possibly be information about the Department of 
Mysteries that Snape was determined to keep from 
him? 

Harry looked over his shoulder, his heart now 
pumping harder and faster than ever. How long would 
it take Snape to release Montague from the toilet? 
Would he come straight back to his office afterward, 
or accompany Montague to the hospital wing? Surely 
the latter . . . Montague was Captain of the Slytherin 
Quidditch team, Snape would want to make sure he 
was all right... 

Harry walked the remaining few feet to the Pensieve 
and stood over it, gazing into its depths. He hesitated, 
listening, then pulled out his wand again. The office 
and the corridor beyond were completely silent. He 
gave the contents of the Pensieve a small prod with 
the end of his wand. 

The silvery stuff within began to swirl very fast. Harry 
leaned forward over it and saw that it had become 
transparent. He was, once again, looking down into a 
room as though through a circular window in the 
ceiling... In fact, unless he was much mistaken, he 
was looking down upon the Great Hall... 

His breath was actually fogging the surface of Snapes 
thoughts... His brain seemed to be in limbo... It would 

  816Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




be insane to do the thing that he was so strongly 
tempted to do... He was trembling... Snape could be 
back at any moment ... but Harry thought of Chos 
anger, of Malfoys jeering face, and a reckless daring 
seized him. 

He took a great gulp of breath and plunged his face 
into the surface of Snapes thoughts. At once, the 
floor of the office lurched, tipping Harry headfirst into 
the Pensieve... 

He was falling through cold blackness, spinning 
furiously as he went, and then  

He was standing in the middle of the Great Hall, but 
the four House tables were gone. Instead there were 
more than a hundred smaller tables, all facing the 
same way, at each of which sat a student, head bent 
low, scribbling on a roll of parchment. The only sound 
was the scratching of quills and the occasional rustle 
as somebody adjusted their parchment. It was clearly 
exam time. 

Sunshine was streaming through the high windows 
onto the bent heads, which shone chestnut and 
copper and gold in the bright light. Harry looked 
around carefully. Snape had to be here somewhere... 
This was his memory. . . 

And there he was, at a table right behind Harry. 

Harry stared. Snapetheteenager had a stringy, pallid 
look about him, like a plant kept in the dark. His hair 
was lank and greasy and was flopping onto the table, 
his hooked nose barely half an inch from the surface 
of the parchment as he scribbled. Harry moved 
around behind Snape and read the heading of the 
examination paper: 

DEFENSE AGAINST THE DARK ARTS  

  817Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL 



So Snape had to be fifteen or sixteen, around Harrys 
own age. His hand was flying across the parchment; 
he had written at least a foot more than his closest 
neighbors, and yet his writing was minuscule and 
cramped. 

Five more minutes! 

The voice made Harry jump; turning, he saw the top 
of Professor Flitwicks head moving between the desks 
a short distance away. Professor Flitwick was walking 
past a boy with untidy black hair . . . very untidy black 
hair. . . 

Harry moved so quickly that, had he been solid, he 
would have knocked desks flying. Instead he seemed 
to slide, dreamlike, across two aisles and up a third. 
The back of the blackhaired boys head drew nearer 
and nearer. . . He was straightening up now, putting 
down his quill, pulling his roll of parchment toward 
him so as to reread what he had written... 

Harry stopped in front of the desk and gazed down at 
his fifteenyear old father. 

Excitement exploded in the pit of his stomach: It was 
as though he was looking at himself but with 
deliberate mistakes. Jamess eyes were hazel, his 
nose was slightly longer than Harrys, and there was 
no scar on his forehead, but they had the same thin 
face, same mouth, same eyebrows. Jamess hair 
stuck up at the back exactly as Harrys did, his hands 
could have been Harrys, and Harry could tell that 
when James stood up, they would be within an inch 
of each others heights. 



  818Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




James yawned hugely and rumpled up his hair, 
making it even messier than it had been. Then, with a 
glance toward Professor Flitwick, he turned in his 
seat and grinned at a boy sitting four seats behind 
him. 

With another shock of excitement, Harry saw Sirius 
give James the thumbsup. Sirius was lounging in his 
chair at his ease, tilting it back on two legs. He was 
very goodlooking; his dark hair fell into his eyes with 
a sort of casual elegance neither Jamess nor Harrys 
could ever have achieved, and a girl sitting behind 
him was eyeing him hopefully, though he didnt seem 
to have noticed. And two seats along from this girl  
Harrys stomach gave another pleasurable squirm  
was Remus Lupin. He looked rather pale and peaky 
(was the full moon approaching?) and was absorbed 
in the exam: As he reread his answers he scratched 
his chin with the end of his quill, frowning slightly. 

So that meant Wormtail had to be around here 
somewhere too . . . and sure enough, Harry spotted 
him within seconds: a small, mousyhaired boy with a 
pointed nose. Wormtail looked anxious; he was 
chewing his fingernails, staring down at his paper, 
scuffing the ground with his toes. Every now and then 
he glanced hopefully at his neighbors paper. Harry 
stared at Wormtail for a moment, then back at 
James, who was now doodling on a bit of scrap 
parchment. He had drawn a Snitch and was now 
tracing the letters L. E. What did they stand for? 

Quills down, please! squeaked Professor Flitwick. 
That means you too, Stebbins! Please remain seated 
while I collect your parchment! Acciol 

More than a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed into 
the air and into Professor Flitwicks outstretched 
arms, knocking him backward off his feet. Several 

  819Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




people laughed. A couple of students at the front 
desks got up, took hold of Professor Flitwick beneath 
the elbows, and lifted him onto his feet again. 

Thank you ... thank you, panted Professor Flitwick. 
Very well, everybody, youre free to go! 

Harry looked down at his father, who had hastily 
crossed out the L. E. he had been embellishing, 
jumped to his feet, stuffed his quill and the exam 
question paper into his bag, which he slung over his 
back, and stood waiting for Sirius to join him. 

Harry looked around and glimpsed Snape a short way 
away, moving between the tables toward the doors 
into the entrance hall, still absorbed in his own 
examination paper. Roundshouldered yet angular, he 
walked in a twitchy manner that recalled a spider, his 
oily hair swinging about his face. 

A gang of chattering girls separated Snape from 
James and Sirius, and by planting himself in the 
midst of this group, Harry managed to keep Snape in 
sight while straining his ears to catch the voices of 
James and his friends. 

Did you like question ten, Moony? asked Sirius as 
they emerged into the entrance hall. 

Loved it, said Lupin briskly.  Give five signs that 
identify the werewolf. Excellent question. 

Dyou think you managed to get all the signs? said 
James in tones of mock concern. 

Think I did, said Lupin seriously, as they joined the 
crowd thronging around the front doors eager to get 
out into the sunlit grounds. One: Hes sitting on my 



  820Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




chair. Two: Hes wearing my clothes. Three: His 
names Remus Lupin ... 



Wormtail was the only one who didnt laugh. 

I got the snout shape, the pupils of the eyes, and the 
tufted tail, he said anxiously, but I couldnt think 
what else   

How thick are you, Wormtail? said James 
impatiently. You run round with a werewolf once a 
month   

Keep your voice down, implored Lupin. 

Harry looked anxiously behind him again. Snape 
remained close by, still buried in his examination 
questions; but this was Snapes memory, and Harry 
was sure that if Snape chose to wander off in a 
different direction once outside in the grounds, he, 
Harry, would not be able to follow James any farther. 
To his intense relief, however, when James and his 
three friends strode off down the lawn toward the 
lake, Snape followed, still poring over the paper and 
apparently with no fixed idea of where he was going. 
By jogging a little ahead of him, Harry managed to 
maintain a close watch on James and the others. 

Well, I thought that paper was a piece of cake, he 
heard Sirius say. Ill be surprised if I dont get 
Outstanding on it at least. 

Me too, said James. He put his hand in his pocket 
and took out a struggling Golden Snitch. 

Where d you get that? 

Nicked it, said James casually. He started playing 
with the Snitch, allowing it to fly as much as a foot 

  821Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




away and seizing it again; his reflexes were excellent. 
Wormtail watched him in awe. 

They stopped in the shade of the very same beech tree 
on the edge of the lake where Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione had spent a Sunday finishing their 
homework, and threw themselves down on the grass. 

Harry looked over his shoulder yet again and saw, to 
his delight, that Snape had settled himself on the 
grass in the dense shadows of a clump of bushes. He 
was as deeply immersed in the O.W.L. paper as ever, 
which left Harry free to sit down on the grass between 
the beech and the bushes and watch the foursome 
under the tree. 

The sunlight was dazzling on the smooth surface of 
the lake, on the bank of which the group of laughing 
girls who had just left the Great Hall were sitting with 
shoes and socks off, cooling their feet in the water. 

Lupin had pulled out a book and was reading. Sirius 
stared around at the students milling over the grass, 
looking rather haughty and bored, but very 
handsomely so. James was still playing with the 
Snitch, letting it zoom farther and farther away, 
almost escaping but always grabbed at the last 
second. Wormtail was watching him with his mouth 
open. Every time James made a particularly difficult 
catch, Wormtail gasped and applauded. After five 
minutes of this, Harry wondered why James didnt 
tell Wormtail to get a grip on himself, but James 
seemed to be enjoying the attention. Harry noticed his 
father had a habit of rumpling up his hair as though 
to make sure it did not get too tidy, and also that he 
kept looking over at the girls by the waters edge. 

Put that away, will you? said Sirius finally, as 
James made a fine catch and Wormtail let out a 

  822Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




cheer. Before Wormtail wets himself from 
excitement. 

Wormtail turned slightly pink but James grinned. 

If it bothers you, he said, stuffing the Snitch back in 
his pocket. Harry had the distinct impression that 
Sirius was the only one for whom James would have 
stopped showing off. 

Im bored, said Sirius. Wish it was full moon. 

You might, said Lupin darkly from behind his book. 
Weve still got Transfiguration, if youre bored you 
could test me... Here. He held out his book. 

Sirius snorted. I dont need to look at that rubbish, I 
know it all. 

Thisll liven you up, Padfoot, said James quietly. 
Look who it is... 

Siriuss head turned. He had become very still, like a 
dog that has scented a rabbit. 

Excellent, he said softly.  Snivellus. 

Harry turned to see what Sirius was looking at. 

Snape was on his feet again, and was stowing the 
O.W.L. paper in his bag. As he emerged from the 
shadows of the bushes and set off across the grass, 
Sirius and James stood up. Lupin and Wormtail 
remained sitting: Lupin was still staring down at his 
book, though his eyes were not moving and a faint 
frown line had appeared between his eyebrows. 
Wormtail was looking from Sirius and James to 
Snape with a look of avid anticipation on his face. 



  823Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




All right, Snivellus? said James loudly. 



Snape reacted so fast it was as though he had been 
expecting an attack: Dropping his bag, he plunged his 
hand inside his robes, and his wand was halfway into 
the air when James shouted,  ExpelliarmusV 

Snape s wand flew twelve feet into the air and fell with 
a little thud in the grass behind him. Sirius let out a 
bark of laughter. 

 Impedimental  he said, pointing his wand at Snape, 
who was knocked off his feet, halfway through a dive 
toward his own fallen wand. 

Students all around had turned to watch. Some of 
them had gotten to their feet and were edging nearer 
to watch. Some looked apprehensive, others 
entertained. 

Snape lay panting on the ground. James and Sirius 
advanced on him, wands up, James glancing over his 
shoulder at the girls at the waters edge as he went. 
Wormtail was on his feet now, watching hungrily, 
edging around Lupin to get a clearer view. 

Howd the exam go, Snivelly? said James. 

I was watching him, his nose was touching the 
parchment, said Sirius viciously. Therell be great 
grease marks all over it, they wont be able to read a 
word. 

Several people watching laughed; Snape was clearly 
unpopular. Wormtail sniggered shrilly. Snape was 
trying to get up, but the jinx was still operating on 
him; he was struggling, as though bound by invisible 
ropes. 

  824Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You  wait, he panted, staring up at James with an 
expression of purest loathing. You  wait... 

Wait for what? said Sirius coolly. Whatre you going 
to do, Snivelly, wipe your nose on us? 

Snape let out a stream of mixed swearwords and 
hexes, but his wand being ten feet away nothing 
happened. 

Wash out your mouth, said James coldly. 

 Scourgifyl 

Pink soap bubbles streamed from Snapes mouth at 
once; the froth was covering his lips, making him gag, 
choking him  

Leave him ALONE! 

James and Sirius looked around. Jamess free hand 
jumped to his hair again. 

It was one of the girls from the lake edge. She had 
thick, dark red hair that fell to her shoulders and 
startlingly green almondshaped eyes  Harrys eyes. 

Harrys mother ... 

All right, Evans? said James, and the tone of his 
voice was suddenly pleasant, deeper, more mature. 

Leave him alone, Lily repeated. She was looking at 
James with every sign of great dislike. Whats he 
done to you? 

Well, said James, appearing to deliberate the point, 
its more the fact that he exists, if you know what I 
mean... 



  825Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Many of the surrounding watchers laughed, Sirius 
and Wormtail included, but Lupin, still apparently 
intent on his book, didnt, and neither did Lily. 

You think youre funny, she said coldly. But youre 
just an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter. Leave him 
alone. 

I will if you go out with me, Evans, said James 
quickly. Go on ... Go out with me, and Ill never lay a 
wand on old Snivelly again. 

Behind him, the Impediment Jinx was wearing off. 
Snape was beginning to inch toward his fallen wand, 
spitting out soapsuds as he crawled. 

I wouldnt go out with you if it was a choice between 
you and the giant squid, said Lily. 

Bad luck, Prongs, said Sirius briskly, turning back 
to Snape. OY! 

But too late; Snape had directed his wand straight at 
James; there was a flash of light and a gash appeared 
on the side of Jamess face, spattering his robes with 
blood. James whirled about; a second flash of light 
later, Snape was hanging upside down in the air, his 
robes falling over his head to reveal skinny, pallid legs 
and a pair of graying underpants. 

Many people in the small crowd watching cheered. 
Sirius, James, and Wormtail roared with laughter. 

Lily, whose furious expression had twitched for an 
instant as though she was going to smile, said, Let 
him down! 

Certainly, said James and he jerked his wand 
upward. Snape fell into a crumpled heap on the 

  826Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




ground. Disentangling himself from his robes, he got 
quickly to his feet, wand up, but Sirius said, 

Petrificus Totalusl and Snape keeled over again at 
once, rigid as a board. 

LEAVE HIM ALONE! Lily shouted. She had her own 
wand out now. James and Sirius eyed it warily. 

Ah, Evans, dont make me hex you, said James 
earnestly. 

Take the curse off him, then! 

James sighed deeply, then turned to Snape and 
muttered the countercurse. 

There you go, he said, as Snape struggled to his feet 
again, youre lucky Evans was here, Snivellus   

I dont need help from filthy little Mudbloods like 
her! 

Lily blinked. Fine, she said coolly. I wont bother in 
future. And Id wash your pants if I were you, 
Snivellus. 

Apologize to Evans! James roared at Snape, his 
wand pointed threateningly at him. 

I dont want you to make him apologize, Lily 
shouted, rounding on James. Youre as bad as he 
is... 

What? yelped James. Id NEVER call you a  you 
knowwhat! 

Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool 
to look like youve just got off your broomstick, 
showing off with that stupid Snitch, walking down 

  827Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




corridors and hexing anyone who annoys you just 
because you can  Im surprised your broomstick 
can get off the ground with that fat head on it. You 
make me SICK. 

She turned on her heel and hurried away. 

Evans! James shouted after her, Hey, EVANS! 

But she didnt look back. 

What is it with her? said James, trying and failing to 
look as though this was a throwaway question of no 
real importance to him. 

Reading between the lines, Id say she thinks youre 
a bit conceited, mate, said Sirius. 

Right, said James, who looked furious now, right  



There was another flash of light, and Snape was once 
again hanging upside down in the air. 

Who wants to see me take off Snivellys pants? 

But whether James really did take off Snapes pants, 
Harry never found out. A hand had closed tight over 
his upper arm, closed with a pincerlike grip. Wincing, 
Harry looked around to see who had hold of him, and 
saw, with a thrill of horror, a fully grown, adultsized 
Snape standing right beside him, white with rage. 

Having fun? 

Harry felt himself rising into the air. The summers 
day evaporated around him, he was floating upward 
through icy blackness, Snapes hand still tight upon 
his upper arm. Then, with a swooping feeling as 

  828Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




though he had turned head over heels in midair, his 
feet hit the stone floor of Snapes dungeon, and he 
was standing again beside the Pensieve on Snapes 
desk in the shadowy, presentday Potions masters 
study. 

So, said Snape, gripping Harrys arm so tightly 
Harrys hand was starting to feel numb. So ... been 
enjoying yourself, Potter? 

Nno ... said Harry, trying to free his arm. 

It was scary: Snapes lips were shaking, his face was 
white, his teeth were bared. 

Amusing man, your father, wasnt he? said Snape, 
shaking Harry so hard that his glasses slipped down 
his nose. 

I  didnt   

Snape threw Harry from him with all his might. Harry 
fell hard onto the dungeon floor. 

You will not tell anybody what you saw! Snape 
bellowed. 

No, said Harry, getting to his feet as far from Snape 
as he could. No, of course I w   

Get out, get out, I dont want to see you in this office 
ever again! 

And as Harry hurtled toward the door, ajar of dead 
cockroaches exploded over his head. He wrenched the 
door open and flew away up the corridor, stopping 
only when he had put three floors between himself 
and Snape. There he leaned against the wall, panting, 
and rubbing his bruised arm. 

  829Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He had no desire at all to return to Gryffindor Tower 
so early, nor to tell Ron and Hermione what he had 
just seen. What was making Harry feel so horrified 
and unhappy was not being shouted at or having jars 
thrown at him  it was that he knew how it felt to be 
humiliated in the middle of a circle of onlookers, knew 
exactly how Snape had felt as his father had taunted 
him, and that judging from what he had just seen, his 
father had been every bit as arrogant as Snape had 
always told him. 



  830Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





CAREER ADVICE 

But why havent you got Occlumency lessons 
anymore? said Hermione, frowning. 

Ive told you, Harry muttered. Snape reckons I can 
carry on by myself now Ive got the basics... 

So youve stopped having funny dreams? said 
Hermione skeptically. 

Pretty much, said Harry, not looking at her. 

Well, I dont think Snape should stop until youre 
absolutely sure you can control them! said Hermione 
indignantly. Harry, I think you should go back to 
him and ask   

No, said Harry forcefully. Just drop it, Hermione, 
okay? 

It was the first day of the Easter holidays and 
Hermione, as was her custom, had spent a large part 
of the day drawing up study schedules for the three of 

  831Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



them. Harry and Ron had let her do it  it was easier 
than arguing with her and, in any case, they might 
come in useful. 

Ron had been startled to discover that there were only 
six weeks left until their exams. 

How can that come as a shock? Hermione 
demanded, as she tapped each little square on Rons 
schedule with her wand so that it flashed a different 
color according to its subject. 

I dunno ... said Ron, theres been a lot going on... 

Well, there you are, she said, handing him his 
schedule, if you follow that you should do fine. 

Ron looked down it gloomily, but then brightened. 

Youve given me an evening off every week! 

Thats for Quidditch practice, said Hermione. 

The smile faded from Rons face. 

Whats the point? he said. Weve got about as much 
chance of winning the Quidditch Cup this year as 
Dads got of becoming Minister of Magic... 

Hermione said nothing. She was looking at Harry, 
who was staring blankly at the opposite wall of the 
common room while Crookshanks pawed at his hand, 
trying to get his ears scratched. 

Whats wrong, Harry? 

What? he said quickly. Nothing ... 



  832Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He seized his copy of Defensive Magical Theory and 
pretended to be looking something up in the index. 
Crookshanks gave him up as a bad job and slunk 
away under Hermiones chair. 

I saw Cho earlier, said Hermione tentatively, and 
she looked really miserable too... Have you two had a 
row again? 

Wha  oh yeah, we have, said Harry, seizing 
gratefully on the excuse. 

What about? 

That sneak friend of hers, Marietta, said Harry. 

Yeah, well, I dont blame you! said Ron angrily, 
setting down his study schedule. If it hadnt been for 
her ... 

Ron went into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe, 
which Harry found helpful. All he had to do was look 
angry, nod, and say yeah and thats right 
whenever Ron drew breath, leaving his mind free to 
dwell, ever more miserably, on what he had seen in 
the Pensieve. 

He felt as though the memory of it was eating him 
from inside. He had been so sure that his parents had 
been wonderful people that he never had the slightest 
difficulty in disbelieving Snapes aspersions on his 
fathers character. Hadnt people like Hagrid and 
Sirius told Harry how wonderful his father had been? 

( Yeah, well, look what Sirius was like himself, said a 
nagging voice inside Harrys head... He was as bad, 
wasnt he?) Yes, he had once overheard Professor 
McGonagall saying that his father and Sirius had 
been troublemakers at school, but she had described 
them as forerunners of the Weasley twins, and Harry 
  833Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




could not imagine Fred and George dangling someone 
upside down for the fun of it ... not unless they really 
loathed them . . . Perhaps Malfoy, or somebody who 
really deserved it . . . 

Harry tried to make a case for Snape having deserved 
what he had suffered at Jamess hands  but hadnt 
Lily asked, Whats he done to you? And hadnt 
James replied, Its more the fact that he exists, if you 
know what I mean? Hadnt James started it all 
simply because Sirius said he was bored? Harry 
remembered Lupin saying back in Grimmauld Place 
that Dumbledore had made him prefect in the hope 
that he would be able to exercise some control over 
James and Sirius... But in the Pensieve, he had sat 
there and let it all happen... 

Harry reminded himself that Lily had intervened; his 
mother had been decent, yet the memory of the look 
on her face as she had shouted at James disturbed 
him quite as much as anything else. She had clearly 
loathed James and Harry simply could not 
understand how they could have ended up married. 
Once or twice he even wondered whether James had 
forced her into it... 

For nearly five years the thought of his father had 
been a source of comfort, of inspiration. Whenever 
someone had told him he was like James he had 
glowed with pride inside. And now ... now he felt cold 
and miserable at the thought of him. 

The weather grew breezier, brighter, and warmer as 
the holidays passed, but Harry was stuck with the 
rest of the fifth and seventh years, who were all 
trapped inside, traipsing back and forth to the library. 
Harry pretended that his bad mood had no other 
cause but the approaching exams, and as his fellow 



  834Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Gryffindors were sick of studying themselves, his 
excuse went unchallenged. 

Harry, Im talking to you, can you hear me? 

Huh? 

He looked around. Ginny Weasley, looking very 
windswept, had joined him at the library table where 
he had been sitting alone. It was late on Sunday 
evening; Hermione had gone back to Gryffindor Tower 
to review Ancient Runes; Ron had Quidditch practice. 

Oh hi, said Harry, pulling his books back toward 
him. How come youre not at practice? 

Its over, said Ginny. Ron had to take Jack Sloper 
up to the hospital wing. 

Why? 

Well, were not sure, but we think he knocked himself 
out with his own bat. She sighed heavily. Anyway ... 
a package just arrived, its only just got through 
Umbridges new screening process... 

She hoisted a box wrapped in brown paper onto the 
table; it had clearly been unwrapped and carelessly 
rewrapped, and there was a scribbled note across it in 
red ink, reading INSPECTED AND PASSED BY THE 
HOGWARTS HIGH INQUISITOR. 

Its Easter eggs from Mum, said Ginny. Theres one 
for you... There you go... 

She handed him a handsome chocolate egg decorated 
with small, iced Snitches and, according to the 
packaging, containing a bag of Fizzing Whizbees. 



  835Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry looked at it for a moment, then, to his horror, 
felt a hard lump rise in his throat. 



Are you okay, Harry? asked Ginny quietly. 

Yeah, Im fine, said Harry gruffly. The lump in his 
throat was painful. He did not understand why an 
Easter egg should have made him feel like this. 

You seem really down lately, Ginny persisted. You 
know, Im sure if you just talked to Cho ... 

Its not Cho I want to talk to, said Harry brusquely. 

Who is it, then? asked Ginny. 



He glanced around to make quite sure that nobody 
was listening; Madam Pince was several shelves away, 
stamping out a pile of books for a franticlooking 
Hannah Abbott. 

I wish I could talk to Sirius, he muttered. But I 
know I cant. 

More to give himself something to do than because he 
really wanted any, Harry unwrapped his Easter egg, 
broke off a large bit, and put it into his mouth. 

Well, said Ginny slowly, helping herself to a bit of 
egg too, if you really want to talk to Sirius, I expect 
we could think of a way to do it... 

Come on, said Harry hopelessly. With Umbridge 
policing the fires and reading all our mail? 

The thing about growing up with Fred and George, 
said Ginny thoughtfully, is that you sort of start 

  836Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




thinking anythings possible if youve got enough 
nerve. 

Harry looked at her. Perhaps it was the effect of the 
chocolate  Lupin had always advised eating some 
after encounters with dementors  or simply because 
he had finally spoken aloud the wish that had been 
burning inside him for a week, but he felt a bit more 
hopeful... 

WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING? 

Oh damn, whispered Ginny, jumping to her feet. I 
forgot 

Madam Pince was swooping down upon them, her 
shriveled face contorted with rage. 

 Chocolate in the library\ she screamed. Out  out 
 OUT! 

And whipping out her wand, she caused Harrys 
books, bag, and ink bottle to chase him and Ginny 
from the library, whacking them repeatedly over the 
head as they ran. 

As though to underline the importance of their 
upcoming examinations, a batch of pamphlets, 
leaflets, and notices concerning various Wizarding 
careers appeared on the tables in Gryffindor Tower 
shortly before the end of the holidays, along with yet 
another notice on the board, which read: 

CAREER ADVICE 

All fifth years will be required to attend a short 
meeting with their Head of House during the first 
week of the Summer term, in which they will be given 



  837Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




the opportunity to discuss their future careers. Times 
of individual appointments are listed below. 



Harry looked down the list and found that he was 
expected in Professor McGonagalls office at halfpast 
two on Monday, which would mean missing most of 
Divination. He and the other fifth years spent a 
considerable part of the final weekend of the Easter 
break reading all the career information that had 
been left there for their perusal. 

Well, I dont fancy Healing, said Ron on the last 
evening of the holidays. He was immersed in a leaflet 
that carried the crossed boneandwand emblem of 
St. Mungos on its front. It says here you need at 
least an E at N.E.W.T. level in Potions, Herbology, 
Transfiguration, Charms, and Defense Against the 
Dark Arts. I mean ... blimey... Dont want much, do 
they? 

Well, its a very responsible job, isnt it? said 
Hermione absently. She was poring over a bright 
pinkandorange leaflet that was headed SO YOU 
THINK YOUD LIKE TO WORK IN MUGGLE 
RELATIONS? You dont seem to need many 
qualifications to liaise with Muggles... All they want is 
an O.W.L. in Muggle Studies... Much more important 
is your enthusiasm, patience, and a good sense offunV 



Youd need more than a good sense of fun to liaise 
with my uncle, said Harry darkly. Good sense of 
when to duck, more like ... He was halfway through 
a pamphlet on Wizard banking. Listen to this: 

 Are you seeking a challenging career involving travel, 
adventure, and substantial, dangerrelated treasure 
bonuses? Then consider a position with Gringotts 
Wizarding Bank, who are currently recruiting Curse 

P a g e  838Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Breakers for thrilling opportunities abroad... They 
want Arithmancy, though... You could do it, 
Hermione! 

I dont much fancy banking, said Hermione vaguely, 
now immersed in HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES 
TO TRAIN SECURITY TROLLS? 

Hey, said a voice in Harrys ear. He looked around; 
Fred and George had come to join them. Ginnys had 
a word with us about you, said Fred, stretching out 
his legs on the table in front of them and causing 
several booklets on careers with the Ministry of Magic 
to slide off onto the floor. She says you need to talk 
to Sirius? 

What? said Hermione sharply, freezing with her 
hand halfway toward picking up MAKE A BANG AT 
THE DEPARTMENT OF MAGICAL ACCIDENTS AND 
CATASTROPHES. 

Yeah ... said Harry, trying to sound casual, yeah, I 
thought Id like   

Dont be so ridiculous, said Hermione, straightening 
up and looking at him as though she could not 
believe her eyes. With Umbridge groping around in 
the fires and frisking all the owls? 

Well, we think we can find a way around that, said 
George, stretching and smiling. Its a simple matter 
of causing a diversion. Now, you might have noticed 
that we have been rather quiet on the mayhem front 
during the Easter holidays? 

What was the point, we asked ourselves, of 
disrupting leisure time? continued Fred. No point at 
all, we answered ourselves. And of course, wed have 



  839Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




messed up peoples studying too, which would be the 
very last thing wed want to do. 

He gave Hermione a sanctimonious little nod. She 
looked rather taken aback by this thoughtfulness. 

But its business as usual from tomorrow, Fred 
continued briskly. And if were going to be causing a 
bit of uproar, why not do it so that Harry can have his 
chat with Sirius? 

Yes, but still, said Hermione with an air of 
explaining something very simple to somebody very 
obtuse, even if you do cause a diversion, how is 
Harry supposed to talk to him? 

Umbridges office, said Harry quietly. 

He had been thinking about it for a fortnight and 
could think of no alternative; Umbridge herself had 
told him that the only fire that was not being watched 
was her own. 

Are  you  insane? said Hermione in a hushed 
voice. 

Ron had lowered his leaflet on jobs in the cultivated 
fungus trade and was watching the conversation 
warily. 

I dont think so, said Harry, shrugging. 

And how are you going to get in there in the first 
place? 

Harry was ready for this question. 

Siriuss knife, he said. 



  840Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Excuse me? 



Christmas before last Sirius gave me a knife thatll 
open any lock, said Harry. So even if shes 
bewitched the door so Alohomora wont work, which I 
bet she has   

What do you think about this? Hermione demanded 
of Ron, and Harry was reminded irresistibly of Mrs. 
Weasley appealing to her husband during Harrys first 
dinner in Grimmauld Place. 

I dunno, said Ron, looking alarmed at being asked 
to give an opinion. If Harry wants to do it, its up to 
him, isnt it? 

Spoken like a true friend and Weasley, said Fred, 
clapping Ron hard on the back. Right, then. Were 
thinking of doing it tomorrow, just after lessons, 
because it should cause maximum impact if 
everybodys in the corridors  Harry, well set it off in 
the east wing somewhere, draw her right away from 
her own office  I reckon we should be able to 
guarantee you, what, twenty minutes? he said, 
looking at George. 

Easy, said George. 

What sort of diversion is it? asked Ron. 

Youll see, little bro, said Fred, as he and George got 
up again. At least, you will if you trot along to 
Gregory the Smarmys corridor round about five 
oclock tomorrow. 

Harry awoke very early the next day, feeling almost as 
anxious as he had done on the morning of his hearing 
at the Ministry of Magic. It was not only the prospect 
of breaking into Umbridges office and using her fire 

  841Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




to speak to Sirius that was making him feel nervous, 
though that was certainly bad enough  today also 
happened to be the first time he would be in close 
proximity with Snape since Snape had thrown him 
out of his office, as they had Potions that day. 

After lying in bed for a while thinking about the day 
ahead, Harry got up very quietly and moved across to 
the window beside Nevilles bed, staring out on a truly 
glorious morning. The sky was a clear, misty, 
opalescent blue. Directly ahead of him, Harry could 
see the towering beech tree below which his father 
had once tormented Snape. He was not sure what 
Sirius could possibly say to him that would make up 
for what he had seen in the Pensieve, but he was 
desperate to hear Siriuss own account of what had 
happened, to know of any mitigating factors there 
might have been, any excuse at all for his fathers 
behavior. . . 

Something caught Harrys attention: movement on 
the edge of the Forbidden Forest. Harry squinted into 
the sun and saw Hagrid emerging from between the 
trees. He seemed to be limping. As Harry watched, 
Hagrid staggered to the door of his cabin and 
disappeared inside it. Harry watched the cabin for 
several minutes. Hagrid did not emerge again, but 
smoke furled from the chimney, so Hagrid could not 
be so badly injured that he was unequal to stoking 
the fire... 

Harry turned away from the window, headed back to 
his trunk, and started to dress. 

With the prospect of forcing entry into Umbridges 
office ahead, Harry had never expected the day to be a 
restful one, but he had not reckoned on Hermiones 
almost continual attempts to dissuade him from what 
he was planning to do at five oclock. For the first time 
  842Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




ever, she was at least as inattentive to Professor 
Binns in History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, 
keeping up a stream of whispered admonitions that 
Harry tried very hard to ignore. 

"... and if she does catch you there, apart from being 
expelled, shell be able to guess youve been talking to 
Snuffles and this time I expect shell force you to 
drink Veritaserum and answer her questions... 

Hermione, said Ron in a low and indignant voice, 
are you going to stop telling Harry off and listen to 
Binns, or am I going to have to take notes instead? 

You take notes for a change, it wont kill you! 

By the time they reached the dungeons, neither Harry 
nor Ron was speaking to Hermione any longer. 
Undeterred, she took advantage of their silence to 
maintain an uninterrupted flow of dire warnings, all 
uttered under her breath in a vehement hiss that 
caused Seamus to waste five whole minutes checking 
his cauldron for leaks. 

Snape, meanwhile, seemed to have decided to act as 
though Harry were invisible. Harry was, of course, 
well used to this tactic, as it was one of Uncle 
Vernons favorites, and on the whole was grateful he 
had to suffer nothing worse. In fact, compared to 
what he usually had to endure from Snape in the way 
of taunts and snide remarks, he found the new 
approach something of an improvement and was 
pleased to find that when left well alone, he was able 
to concoct an Invigoration Draught quite easily. At the 
end of the lesson he scooped some of the potion into a 
flask, corked it, and took it up to Snapes desk for 
marking, feeling that he might at last have scraped an 
E. 



  843Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He had just turned away when he heard a smashing 
noise; Malfoy gave a gleeful yell of laughter. Harry 
whipped around again. His potion sample lay in 
pieces on the floor, and Snape was watching him with 
a look of gloating pleasure. 

Whoops, he said softly. Another zero, then, Potter 



Harry was too incensed to speak. He strode back to 
his cauldron, intending to fill another flask and force 
Snape to mark it, but saw to his horror that the rest 
of the contents had vanished. 

Im sorry! said Hermione with her hands over her 
mouth. Im really sorry, Harry, I thought youd 
finished, so I cleared up! 

Harry could not bring himself to answer. When the 
bell rang he hurried out of the dungeon without a 
backward glance and made sure that he found 
himself a seat between Neville and Seamus for lunch 
so that Hermione could not start nagging him about 
using Umbridges office again. 

He was in such a bad mood by the time that he got to 
Divination that he had quite forgotten his career 
appointment with Professor McGonagall, 
remembering only when Ron asked him why he 
wasnt in her office. He hurtled back upstairs and 
arrived out of breath, only a few minutes late. 

Sorry, Professor, he panted, as he closed the door. I 
forgot... 

No matter, Potter, she said briskly, but as she 
spoke, somebody else sniffed from the corner. Harry 
looked around. 



  844Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Umbridge was sitting there, a clipboard on 
her knee, a fussy little piefrill around her neck, and a 
small, horribly smug smile on her face. 

Sit down, Potter, said Professor McGonagall tersely. 
Her hands shook slightly as she shuffled the many 
pamphlets littering her desk. 

Harry sat down with his back to Umbridge and did 
his best to pretend he could not hear the scratching 
of her quill on her clipboard. 

Well, Potter, this meeting is to talk over any career 
ideas you might have, and to help you decide which 
subjects you should continue into sixth and seventh 
years, said Professor McGonagall. Have you had any 
thoughts about what you would like to do after you 
leave Hogwarts? 

Er, said Harry. 

He was finding the scratching noise from behind him 
very distracting. 

Yes? Professor McGonagall prompted Harry. 

Well, I thought of, maybe, being an Auror, Harry 
mumbled. 

Youd need top grades for that, said Professor 
McGonagall, extracting a small, dark leaflet from 
under the mass on her desk and opening it. They ask 
for a minimum of five N.E.W.T.s, and nothing under 
Exceeds Expectations grade, I see. Then you would 
be required to undergo a stringent series of character 
and aptitude tests at the Auror office. Its a difficult 
career path, Potter; they only take the best. In fact, I 
dont think anybody has been taken on in the last 
three years. 

  845Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




At this moment Professor Umbridge gave a very tiny 
cough, as though she was trying to see how quietly 
she could do it. Professor McGonagall ignored her. 

Youll want to know which subjects you ought to 
take, I suppose? she went on, talking a little more 
loudly than before. 

Yes, said Harry. Defense Against the Dark Arts, I 
suppose? 

Naturally, said Professor McGonagall crisply. I 
would also advise   

Professor Umbridge gave another cough, a little more 
audible this time. Professor McGonagall closed her 
eyes for a moment, opened them again, and 
continued as though nothing had happened. 

I would also advise Transfiguration, because Aurors 
frequently need to Transfigure or Untransfigure in 
their work. And I ought to tell you now, Potter, that I 
do not accept students into my N.E.W.T. classes 
unless they have achieved Exceeds Expectations or 
higher at Ordinary Wizarding Level. Id say youre 
averaging Acceptable at the moment, so youll need 
to put in some good hard work before the exams to 
stand a chance of continuing. Then you ought to do 
Charms, always useful, and Potions. Yes, Potter, 
Potions, she added, with the merest flicker of a smile. 
Poisons and antidotes are essential study for Aurors. 
And I must tell you that Professor Snape absolutely 
refuses to take students who get anything other than 
Outstanding in their O.W.L.s, so   

Professor Umbridge gave her most pronounced cough 
yet. 



  846Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




May I offer you a cough drop, Dolores? Professor 
McGonagall asked curtly, without looking at Professor 
Umbridge. 

Oh no, thank you very much, said Umbridge, with 
that simpering laugh Harry hated so much. I just 
wondered whether I could make the teensiest 
interruption, Minerva? 

I daresay you 11 find you can, said Professor 
McGonagall through tightly gritted teeth. 

I was just wondering whether Mr. Potter has quite 
the temperament for an Auror? said Professor 
Umbridge sweetly. 

Were you? said Professor McGonagall haughtily. 
Well, Potter, she continued, as though there had 
been no interruption, if you are serious in this 
ambition, I would advise you to concentrate hard on 
bringing your Transfiguration and Potions up to 
scratch. I see Professor Flitwick has graded you 
between Acceptable and Exceeds Expectations for 
the last two years, so your Charm work seems 
satisfactory; as for Defense Against the Dark Arts, 
your marks have been generally high, Professor Lupin 
in particular thought you  are you quite sure you 
wouldnt like a cough drop, Dolores? 

Oh, no need, thank you, Minerva, simpered 
Professor Umbridge, who had just coughed her 
loudest yet. I was just concerned that you might not 
have Harrys most recent Defense Against the Dark 
Arts marks in front of you. Im quite sure I slipped in 
a note ... 

What, this thing? said Professor McGonagall in a 
tone of revulsion, as she pulled a sheet of pink 
parchment from between the leaves of Harrys folder. 

  847Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She glanced down it, her eyebrows slightly raised, 
then placed it back into the folder without comment. 

Yes, as I was saying, Potter, Professor Lupin thought 
you showed a pronounced aptitude for the subject, 
and obviously for an Auror   

Did you not understand my note, Minerva? asked 
Professor Umbridge in honeyed tones, quite forgetting 
to cough. 

Of course I understood it, said Professor 
McGonagall, her teeth clenched so tightly that the 
words came out a little muffled. 

Well, then, I am confused... Im afraid I dont quite 
understand how you can give Mr. Potter false hope 
that   

False hope? repeated Professor McGonagall, still 
refusing to look round at Professor Umbridge. He has 
achieved high marks in all his Defense Against the 
Dark Arts tests   

Im terribly sorry to have to contradict you, Minerva, 
but as you will see from my note, Harry has been 
achieving very poor results in his classes with me   

I should have made my meaning plainer, said 
Professor McGonagall, turning at last to look 
Umbridge directly in the eyes. He has achieved high 
marks in all Defense Against the Dark Arts tests set 
by a competent teacher. 

Professor Umbridges smile vanished as suddenly as a 
lightbulb blowing. She sat back in her chair, turned a 
sheet on her clipboard, and began scribbling very fast 
indeed, her bulging eyes rolling from side to side. 



  848Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, her thin 
nostrils flared, her eyes burning. 

Any questions, Potter? 

Yes, said Harry. What sort of character and 
aptitude tests do the Ministry do on you, if you get 
enough N.E.W.T.s? 

Well, youll need to demonstrate the ability to react 
well to pressure and so forth, said Professor 
McGonagall, perseverance and dedication, because 
Auror training takes a further three years, not to 
mention very high skills in practical defense. It will 
mean a lot more study even after youve left school, so 
unless youre prepared to   

I think youll also find, said Umbridge, her voice 
very cold now, that the Ministry looks into the 
records of those applying to be Aurors. Their criminal 
records. 

  unless youre prepared to take even more exams 
after Hogwarts, you should really look at another   

  which means that this boy has as much chance of 
becoming an Auror as Dumbledore has of ever 
returning to this school. 

A very good chance, then, said Professor 
McGonagall. 

Potter has a criminal record, said Umbridge loudly. 

Potter has been cleared of all charges, said Professor 
McGonagall, even more loudly. 

Professor Umbridge stood up. She was so short that 
this did not make a great deal of difference, but her 

  849Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




fussy, simpering demeanor had given place to a hard 
fury that made her broad, flabby face look oddly 
sinister. 

Potter has no chance whatsoever of becoming an 
Auror! 

Professor McGonagall got to her feet too, and in her 
case this was a much more impressive move. She 
towered over Professor Umbridge. 

Potter, she said in ringing tones, I will assist you to 
become an Auror if it is the last thing I do! If I have to 
coach you nightly I will make sure you achieve the 
required results! 

The Minister of Magic will never employ Harry 
Potter! said Umbridge, her voice rising furiously. 

There may well be a new Minister of Magic by the 
time Potter is ready to join! shouted Professor 
McGonagall. 

Aha! shrieked Professor Umbridge, pointing a 
stubby finger at McGonagall. Yes! Yes, yes, yes! Of 
course! Thats what you want, isnt it, Minerva 
McGonagall? You want Cornelius Fudge replaced by 
Albus Dumbledore! You think youll be where I am, 
dont you, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister and 
headmistress to boot! 

You are raving, said Professor McGonagall, superbly 
disdainful. Potter, that concludes our career 
consultation. 

Harry swung his bag over his shoulder and hurried 
out of the room, not daring to look at Umbridge. He 
could hear her and Professor McGonagall continuing 



  850Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




to shout at each other all the way back along the 
corridor. 

Professor Umbridge was still breathing as though she 
had just run a race when she strode into their 
Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that afternoon. 

I hope youve thought better of what you were 
planning to do, Harry, Hermione whispered, the 
moment they had opened their books to chapter 
thirty four (NonRetaliation and Negotiation). 
Umbridge looks like shes in a really bad mood 
already... 

Every now and then Umbridge shot glowering looks at 
Harry, who kept his head down, staring at Defensive 
Magical Theory, his eyes unfocused, thinking... 

He could just imagine Professor McGonagalls 
reaction if he were caught trespassing in Professor 
Umbridges office mere hours after she had vouched 
for him. . . There was nothing to stop him simply going 
back to Gryffindor Tower and hoping that sometime 
during the next summer holiday he would have a 
chance to ask Sirius about the scene he had 
witnessed in the Pensieve... Nothing, except that the 
thought of taking this sensible course of action made 
him feel as though a lead weight had dropped into his 
stomach... And then there was the matter of Fred and 
George, whose diversion was already planned, not to 
mention the knife Sirius had given him, which was 
currently residing in his schoolbag along with his 
fathers old Invisibility Cloak... 

But the fact remained that if he were caught . . . 

Dumbledore sacrificed himself to keep you in school, 
Harry! whispered Hermione, raising her book to hide 



  851Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




her face from Umbridge. And if you get thrown out 
today it will all have been for nothing! 



He could abandon the plan and simply learn to live 
with the memory of what his father had done on a 
summers day more than twenty years ago... 

And then he remembered Sirius in the fire upstairs in 
the Gryffindor common room... You re less like your 
father than I thought... The risk wouldve been what 
made it fun for James... 

But did he want to be like his father anymore? 

Harry, dont do it, please dont do it! Hermione said 
in anguished tones as the bell rang at the end of the 
class. 

He did not answer; he did not know what to do. Ron 
seemed determined to give neither his opinion nor his 
advice. He would not look at Harry, though when 
Hermione opened her mouth to try dissuading Harry 
some more, he said in a low voice, Give it a rest, 
okay? He can make up his own mind. 

Harrys heart beat very fast as he left the classroom. 
He was halfway along the corridor outside when he 
heard the unmistakable sounds of a diversion going 
off in the distance. There were screams and yells 
reverberating from somewhere above them. People 
exiting the classrooms all around Harry were stopping 
in their tracks and looking up at the ceiling fearfully 



Then Umbridge came pelting out of her classroom as 
fast as her short legs would carry her. Pulling out her 
wand, she hurried off in the opposite direction: It was 
now or never. 



  852Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry  please! said Hermione weakly. 



But he had made up his mind  hitching his bag 
more securely onto his shoulder he set off at a run, 
weaving in and out of students now hurrying in the 
opposite direction, off to see what all the fuss was 
about in the east wing... 

Harry reached the corridor where Umbridges office 
was situated and found it deserted. Dashing behind a 
large suit of armor whose helmet creaked around to 
watch him, he pulled open his bag, seized Siriuss 
knife, and donned the Invisibility Cloak. He then 
crept slowly and carefully back out from behind the 
suit of armor and along the corridor until he reached 
Umbridges door. 

He inserted the blade of the magical knife into the 
crack around it and moved it gently up and down, 
then withdrew it. There was a tiny click, and the door 
swung open. He ducked inside the office, closed the 
door quickly behind him, and looked around. 

It was empty; nothing was moving except the horrible 
kittens on the plates continuing to frolic on the wall 
above the confiscated broomsticks. 

Harry pulled off his cloak and, striding over to the 
fireplace, found what he was looking for within 
seconds: a small box containing glittering Floo 
powder. 

He crouched down in front of the empty grate, his 
hands shaking. He had never done this before, 
though he thought he knew how it must work. 
Sticking his head into the fireplace, he took a large 
pinch of powder and dropped it onto the logs stacked 
neatly beneath him. They exploded at once into 
emeraldgreen flames. 

  853Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Number twelve, Grimmauld Place! Harry said loudly 
and clearly. 



It was one of the most curious sensations he had ever 
experienced; he had traveled by Floo powder before, of 
course, but then it had been his entire body that had 
spun around and around in the flames through the 
network of Wizarding fireplaces that stretched over 
the country: This time, his knees remained firm upon 
the cold floor of Umbridges office, and only his head 
hurtled through the emerald fire... 

And then, abruptly as it had begun, the spinning 
stopped. Feeling rather sick and as though he was 
wearing an exceptionally hot muffler around his head, 
Harry opened his eyes to find that he was looking up 
out of the kitchen fireplace at the long, wooden table, 
where a man sat poring over a piece of parchment. 

Sirius? 

The man jumped and looked around. It was not 
Sirius, but Lupin. 

Harry! he said, looking thoroughly shocked. What 
are you  whats happened, is everything all right? 

Yeah, said Harry. I just wondered  I mean, I just 
fancied a  a chat with Sirius. 

Ill call him, said Lupin, getting to his feet, still 
looking perplexed. He went upstairs to look for 
Kreacher, he seems to be hiding in the attic again... 

And Harry saw Lupin hurry out of the kitchen. Now 
he was left with nothing to look at but the chair and 
table legs. He wondered why Sirius had never 
mentioned how very uncomfortable it was to speak 
out of the fire  his knees were already objecting 
  854Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




painfully to their prolonged contact with Umbridges 
hard stone floor. 



Lupin returned with Sirius at his heels moments 
later. 

What is it? said Sirius urgently, sweeping his long 
dark hair out of his eyes and dropping to the ground 
in front of the fire, so that he and Harry were on a 
level; Lupin knelt down too, looking very concerned. 
Are you all right? Do you need help? 

No, said Harry, its nothing like that... I just wanted 
to talk ... about my dad... 

They exchanged a look of great surprise, but Harry 
did not have time to feel awkward or embarrassed; his 
knees were becoming sorer by the second, and he 
guessed that five minutes had already passed from 
the start of the diversion  George had only 
guaranteed him twenty. He therefore plunged 
immediately into the story of what he had seen in the 
Pensieve. 

When he had finished, neither Sirius nor Lupin spoke 
for a moment. Then Lupin said quietly, I wouldnt 
like you to judge your father on what you saw there, 
Harry. He was only fifteen   

Im fifteen! said Harry heatedly. 

Look, Harry, said Sirius placatingly, James and 
Snape hated each other from the moment they set 
eyes on each other, it was just one of those things, 
you can understand that, cant you? I think James 
was everything Snape wanted to be  he was 
popular, he was good at Quidditch, good at pretty 
much everything. And Snape was just this little 
oddball who was up to his eyes in the Dark Arts and 
  855Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




James  whatever else he may have appeared to you, 
Harry  always hated the Dark Arts. 

Yeah, said Harry, but he just attacked Snape for no 
good reason, just because  well, just because you 
said you were bored, he finished with a slightly 
apologetic note in his voice. 

Im not proud of it, said Sirius quickly. 

Lupin looked sideways at Sirius and then said, Look, 
Harry, what youve got to understand is that your 
father and Sirius were the best in the school at 
whatever they did  everyone thought they were the 
height of cool  if they sometimes got a bit carried 
away   

If we were sometimes arrogant little berks, you 
mean, said Sirius. 

Lupin smiled. 

He kept messing up his hair, said Harry in a pained 
voice. 

Sirius and Lupin laughed. 

Id forgotten he used to do that, said Sirius 
affectionately. 

Was he playing with the Snitch? said Lupin eagerly. 

Yeah, said Harry, watching uncomprehendingly as 
Sirius and Lupin beamed reminiscently. Well ... I 
thought he was a bit of an idiot. 

Of course he was a bit of an idiot! said Sirius 
bracingly. We were all idiots! Well  not Moony so 



  856Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




much, he said fairly, looking at Lupin, but Lupin 
shook his head. 

Did I ever tell you to lay off Snape? he said. Did I 
ever have the guts to tell you I thought you were out 
of order? 

Yeah, well, said Sirius, you made us feel ashamed 
of ourselves sometimes... That was something... 

And, said Harry doggedly, determined to say 
everything that was on his mind now he was here, he 
kept looking over at the girls by the lake, hoping they 
were watching him! 

Oh, well, he always made a fool of himself whenever 
Lily was around, said Sirius, shrugging. He couldnt 
stop himself showing off whenever he got near her. 

How come she married him? Harry asked miserably. 
She hated him! 

Nah, she didnt, said Sirius. 

She started going out with him in seventh year, said 
Lupin. 

Once James had deflated his head a bit, said Sirius. 

And stopped hexing people just for the fun of it, said 
Lupin. 

Even Snape? said Harry. 

Well, said Lupin slowly, Snape was a special case. I 
mean, he never lost an opportunity to curse James, 
so you couldnt really expect James to take that lying 
down, could you? 



  857Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And my mum was okay with that? 

She didnt know too much about it, to tell you the 
truth, said Sirius. I mean, James didnt take Snape 
on dates with her and jinx him in front of her, did 
he? 

Sirius frowned at Harry, who was still looking 
unconvinced. 

Look, he said, your father was the best friend I ever 
had, and he was a good person. A lot of people are 
idiots at the age of fifteen. He grew out of it. 

Yeah, okay, said Harry heavily. I just never thought 
Id feel sorry for Snape. 

Now you mention it, said Lupin, a faint crease 
between his eyebrows, how did Snape react when he 
found youd seen all this? 

He told me hed never teach me Occlumency again, 
said Harry indifferently, like thats a big disappoint 



He WHAT? shouted Sirius, causing Harry to jump 
and inhale a mouthful of ashes. 

Are you serious, Harry? said Lupin quickly. Hes 
stopped giving you lessons? 

Yeah, said Harry, surprised at what he considered a 
great overreaction. But its okay, I dont care, its a 
bit of a relief to tell you the   

Im coming up there to have a word with Snape! said 
Sirius forcefully and he actually made to stand up, 
but Lupin wrenched him back down again. 



  858Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




If anyones going to tell Snape it will be me! he said 
firmly. But Harry, first of all, youre to go back to 
Snape and tell him that on no account is he to stop 
giving you lessons  when Dumbledore hears   

I cant tell him that, hed kill me! said Harry, 
outraged. You didnt see him when we got out of the 
Pensieve   

Harry, there is nothing so important as you learning 
Occlumency! said Lupin sternly. Do you understand 
me? Nothing! 

Okay, okay, said Harry, thoroughly discomposed, 
not to mention annoyed. Ill ... Ill try and say 
something to him... But it wont be ... 

He fell silent. He could hear distant footsteps. 

Is that Kreacher coming downstairs? 

No, said Sirius, glancing behind him. It must be 
somebody your end ... 

Harrys heart skipped several beats. 

Id better go! he said hastily and he pulled his head 
backward out of Grimmauld Places fire. For a 
moment his head seemed to be revolving on his 
shoulders, and then he found himself kneeling in 
front of Umbridges fire with his head firmly back on, 
watching the emerald flames flicker and die. 

Quickly, quickly! he heard a wheezy voice mutter 
right outside the office door. Ah, shes left it open... 

Harry dived for the Invisibility Cloak and had just 
managed to pull it back over himself when Filch burst 
into the office. He looked absolutely delighted about 

  859Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




something and was talking to himself feverishly as he 
crossed the room, pulled open a drawer in Umbridges 
desk, and began rifling through the papers inside it. 

Approval for Whipping . . . Approval for Whipping ... I 
can do it at last... Theyve had it coming to them for 
years... 

He pulled out a piece of parchment, kissed it, then 
shuffled rapidly back out of the door, clutching it to 
his chest. 

Harry leapt to his feet and, making sure that he had 
his bag and the Invisibility Cloak was completely 
covering him, he wrenched open the door and hurried 
out of the office after Filch, who was hobbling along 
faster than Harry had ever seen him go. 

One landing down from Umbridges office and Harry 
thought it was safe to become visible again; he pulled 
off the cloak, shoved it in his bag and hurried 
onward. There was a great deal of shouting and 
movement coming from the entrance hall. He ran 
down the marble staircase and found what looked like 
most of the school assembled there. 

It was just like the night when Trelawney had been 
sacked. Students were standing all around the walls 
in a great ring (some of them, Harry noticed, covered 
in a substance that looked very like Stinksap); 
teachers and ghosts were also in the crowd. 

Prominent among the onlookers were members of the 
Inquisitorial Squad, who were all looking 
exceptionally pleased with themselves, and Peeves, 
who was bobbing overhead, gazed down upon Fred 
and George, who stood in the middle of the floor with 
the unmistakable look of two people who had just 
been cornered. 



  860Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




So! said Umbridge triumphantly, whom Harry 
realized was standing just a few stairs in front of him, 
once more looking down upon her prey. So . . . you 
think it amusing to turn a school corridor into a 
swamp, do you? 

Pretty amusing, yeah, said Fred, looking back up at 
her without the slightest sign of fear. 

Filch elbowed his way closer to Umbridge, almost 
crying with happiness. 

Ive got the form, Headmistress, he said hoarsely, 
waving the piece of parchment Harry had just seen 
him take from her desk. Ive got the form and Ive got 
the whips waiting... Oh, let me do it now... 

Very good, Argus, she said. You two, she went on, 
gazing down at Fred and George, are about to learn 
what happens to wrongdoers in my school. 

You know what? said Fred. I dont think we are. 

He turned to his twin. 

George, said Fred, I think weve outgrown fulltime 
education. 

Yeah, Ive been feeling that way myself, said George 
lightly. 

Time to test our talents in the real world, dyou 
reckon? asked Fred. 

Definitely, said George. 

And before Umbridge could say a word, they raised 
their wands and said together, Accio BroomsV 



  861Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry heard a loud crash somewhere in the distance. 
Looking to his left he ducked just in time  Fred and 
Georges broomsticks, one still trailing the heavy 
chain and iron peg with which Umbridge had fastened 
them to the wall, were hurtling along the corridor 
toward their owners. They turned left, streaked down 
the stairs, and stopped sharply in front of the twins, 
the chain clattering loudly on the flagged stone floor. 

We wont be seeing you, Fred told Professor 
Umbridge, swinging his leg over his broomstick. 

Yeah, dont bother to keep in touch, said George, 
mounting his own. 

Fred looked around at the assembled students, and 
at the silent, watchful crowd. 

If anyone fancies buying a Portable Swamp, as 
demonstrated upstairs, come to number ninetythree, 
Diagon Alley  Weasleys Wizarding Wheezes, he 
said in a loud voice. Our new premises! 

Special discounts to Hogwarts students who swear 
theyre going to use our products to get rid of this old 
bat, added George, pointing at Professor Umbridge. 

STOP THEM! shrieked Umbridge, but it was too late. 
As the Inquisitorial Squad closed in, Fred and George 
kicked off from the floor, shooting fifteen feet into the 
air, the iron peg swinging dangerously below. Fred 
looked across the hall at the poltergeist bobbing on 
his level above the crowd. 

Give her hell from us, Peeves. 

And Peeves, whom Harry had never seen take an 
order from a student before, swept his belled hat from 
his head and sprang to a salute as Fred and George 

  862Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wheeled about to tumultuous applause from the 
students below and sped out of the open front doors 
into the glorious sunset. 



  863Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






GRAWP 

The story of Fred and Georges flight to freedom was 
retold so often over the next few days that Harry 
could tell it would soon become the stuff of Hogwarts 
legend. Within a week, even those who had been 
eyewitnesses were half convinced that they had seen 
the twins divebomb Umbridge on their brooms, 
pelting her with Dungbombs before zooming out of 
the doors. In the immediate aftermath of their 
departure there was a great wave of talk about 
copying them, so that Harry frequently heard 
students saying things like, Honestly, some days I 
just feel like jumping on my broom and leaving this 
place, or else, One more lesson like that and I might 
just do a Weasley... 

Fred and George had made sure that nobody was 
likely to forget them very soon. For one thing, they 
had not left instructions on how to remove the swamp 
that now filled the corridor on the fifth floor of the 
east wing. Umbridge and Filch had been observed 
trying different means of removing it but without 
success. Eventually the area was roped off and Filch, 
  864Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



gnashing his teeth furiously, was given the task of 
punting students across it to their classrooms. Harry 
was certain that teachers like McGonagall or Flitwick 
could have removed the swamp in an instant, but just 
as in the case of Fred and Georges Wildfire Whiz 
Bangs, they seemed to prefer to watch Umbridge 
struggle. 

Then there were the two large broomshaped holes in 
Umbridge s office door, through which Fred and 
Georges Cleansweeps had smashed to rejoin their 
masters. Filch fitted a new door and removed Harrys 
Firebolt to the dungeons where, it was rumored, 
Umbridge had set an armed security troll to guard it. 
However, her troubles were far from over. 

Inspired by Fred and Georges example, a great 
number of students were now vying for the newly 
vacant positions of TroublemakersinChief. In spite 
of the new door, somebody managed to slip a hairy 
snouted niffler into Umbridge s office, which promptly 
tore the place apart in its search for shiny objects, 
leapt on Umbridge on her reentrance, and tried to 
gnaw the rings off her stubby fingers. Dungbombs 
and Stinkpellets were dropped so frequently in the 
corridors that it became the new fashion for students 
to perform BubbleHead Charms on themselves 
before leaving lessons, which ensured them a supply 
of fresh clean air, even though it gave them all the 
peculiar appearance of wearing upsidedown goldfish 
bowls on their heads. 

Filch prowled the corridors with a horsewhip ready in 
his hands, desperate to catch miscreants, but the 
problem was that there were now so many of them 
that he did not know which way to turn. The 
Inquisitorial Squad were attempting to help him, but 
odd things kept happening to its members. 

Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team reported 
  865Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




to the hospital wing with a horrible skin complaint 
that made him look as though he had been coated in 
cornflakes. Pansy Parkinson, to Hermiones delight, 
missed all her lessons the following day, as she had 
sprouted antlers. 

Meanwhile it became clear just how many Skiving 
Snackboxes Fred and George had managed to sell 
before leaving Hogwarts. Umbridge only had to enter 
her classroom for the students assembled there to 
faint, vomit, develop dangerous fevers, or else spout 
blood from both nostrils. Shrieking with rage and 
frustration she attempted to trace the mysterious 
symptoms to their source, but the students told her 
stubbornly they were suffering Umbridgeitis. After 
putting four successive classes in detention and 
failing to discover their secret she was forced to give 
up and allow the bleeding, swooning, sweating, and 
vomiting students to leave her classes in droves. 

But not even the users of the Snackboxes could 
compete with that master of chaos, Peeves, who 
seemed to have taken Freds parting words deeply to 
heart. Cackling madly, he soared through the school, 
upending tables, bursting out of blackboards, and 
toppling statues and vases. Twice he shut Mrs. Norris 
inside suits of armor, from which she was rescued, 
yowling loudly, by the furious caretaker. He smashed 
lanterns and snuffed out candles, juggled burning 
torches over the heads of screaming students, caused 
neatly stacked piles of parchment to topple into fires 
or out of windows, flooded the second floor when he 
pulled off all the taps in the bathrooms, dropped a 
bag of tarantulas in the middle of the Great Hall 
during breakfast and, whenever he fancied a break, 
spent hours at a time floating along after Umbridge 
and blowing loud raspberries every time she spoke. 



  866Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




None of the staff but Filch seemed to be stirring 
themselves to help her. Indeed, a week after Fred and 
Georges departure Harry witnessed Professor 
McGonagall walking right past Peeves, who was 
determinedly loosening a crystal chandelier, and 
could have sworn he heard her tell the poltergeist out 
of the corner of her mouth, It unscrews the other 
way. 

To cap matters, Montague had still not recovered from 
his sojourn in the toilet. He remained confused and 
disorientated and his parents were to be observed one 
Tuesday morning striding up the front drive, looking 
extremely angry. 

Should we say something? said Hermione in a 
worried voice, pressing her cheek against the Charms 
window so that she could see Mr. and Mrs. Montague 
marching inside. About what happened to him? In 
case it helps Madam Pomfrey cure him? 

 Course not, hell recover, said Ron indifferently. 

Anyway, more trouble for Umbridge, isnt it? said 
Harry in a satisfied voice. 

He and Ron both tapped the teacups they were 
supposed to be charming with their wands. Harrys 
spouted four very short legs that would not reach the 
desk and wriggled pointlessly in midair. Rons grew 
four very thin spindly legs that hoisted the cup off the 
desk with great difficulty, trembled for a few seconds, 
then folded, causing the cup to crack into two. 

Reparo\ said Hermione quickly, mending Rons cup 
with a wave of her wand. Thats all very well, but 
what if Montagues permanently injured? 



  867Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Who cares? said Ron irritably, while his teacup 
stood drunkenly again, trembling violently at the 
knees. Montague shouldnt have tried to take all 
those points from Gryffindor, should he? If you want 
to worry about anyone, Hermione, worry about me! 

You? she said, catching her teacup as it scampered 
happily away across the desk on four sturdy little 
willowpatterned legs and replacing it in front of her. 
Why should I be worried about you? 

When Mums next letter finally gets through 
Umbridges screening process, said Ron bitterly, now 
holding his cup up while its frail legs tried feebly to 
support its weight, Im going to be in deep trouble. I 
wouldnt be surprised if shes sent a Howler again. 

But   

Itll be my fault Fred and George left, you wait, said 
Ron darkly. Shell say I shouldve stopped them 
leaving, I shouldve grabbed the ends of their brooms 
and hung on or something... Yeah, itll be all my 
fault... 

Well, if she does say that itll be very unfair, you 
couldnt have done anything! But Im sure she wont, I 
mean, if its really true theyve got premises in Diagon 
Alley now, they must have been planning this for 
ages... 

Yeah, but thats another thing, how did they get 
premises? said Ron, hitting his teacup so hard with 
his wand that its legs collapsed again and it lay 
twitching before him. Its a bit dodgy, isnt it? Theyll 
need loads of Galleons to afford the rent on a place in 
Diagon Alley, shell want to know what theyve been 
up to, to get their hands on that sort of gold... 



  868Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, yes, that occurred to me too, said Hermione, 
allowing her teacup to jog in neat little circles around 
Harrys, whose stubby little legs were still unable to 
touch the desktop. Ive been wondering whether 
Mundungus has persuaded them to sell stolen goods 
or something awful... 

He hasnt, said Harry curtly. 

How do you know? said Ron and Hermione together. 

Because   Harry hesitated, but the moment to 
confess finally seemed to have come. There was no 
good to be gained in keeping silent if it meant anyone 
suspected that Fred and George were criminals. 
Because they got the gold from me. I gave them my 
Triwizard winnings last June. 

There was a shocked silence, then Hermiones teacup 
jogged right over the edge of the desk and smashed on 
the floor. 

Oh, Harry, you didnt she said. 

Yes, I did, said Harry mutinously. And I dont regret 
it either  I didnt need the gold, and theyll be great 
at a joke shop... 

But this is excellent! said Ron, looking thrilled. Its 
all your fault, Harry  Mum cant blame me at all! 

Can I tell her? 

Yeah, I suppose youd better, said Harry dully.  
Specially if she thinks theyre receiving stolen 
cauldrons or something... 

Hermione said nothing at all for the rest of the lesson, 
but Harry had a shrewd suspicion that her self 
restraint was bound to crack before long. Sure 

  869Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




enough, once they had left the castle for break and 
were standing around in the weak May sunshine, she 
fixed Harry with a beady eye and opened her mouth 
with a determined air. 

Harry interrupted her before she had even started. 

Its no good nagging me, its done, he said firmly. 
Fred and George have got the gold  spent a good 
bit of it too, by the sounds of it  and I cant get it 
back from them and I dont want to. So save your 
breath, Hermione. 

I wasnt going to say anything about Fred and 
George! she said in an injured voice. 

Ron snorted disbelievingly and Hermione threw him a 
very dirty look. 

No, I wasnt! she said angrily. As a matter of fact, I 
was going to ask Harry when hes going to go back to 
Snape and ask for Occlumency lessons again! 

Harrys heart sank. Once they had exhausted the 
subject of Fred and Georges dramatic departure, 
which admittedly had taken many hours, Ron and 
Hermione had wanted to hear news of Sirius. As 
Harry had not confided in them the reason he had 
wanted to talk to Sirius in the first place, it had been 
hard to think of things to tell them. He had ended up 
saying to them truthfully that Sirius wanted Harry to 
resume Occlumency lessons. He had been regretting 
this ever since; Hermione would not let the subject 
drop and kept reverting to it when Harry least 
expected it. 

You cant tell me youve stopped having funny 
dreams, Hermione said now, because Ron told me 
last night you were muttering in your sleep again... 

  870Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry threw Ron a furious look. Ron had the grace to 
look ashamed of himself. 

You were only muttering a bit, he mumbled 
apologetically. Something about just a bit farther.  

I dreamed I was watching you lot play Quidditch, 
Harry lied brutally. I was trying to get you to stretch 
out a bit farther to grab the Quaffle. 

Rons ears went red. Harry felt a kind of vindictive 
pleasure: He had not, of course, dreamed anything of 
the sort. 

Last night he had once again made the journey along 
the Department of Mysteries corridor. He had passed 
through the circular room, then the room full of 
clicking and dancing light, until he found himself 
again inside that cavernous room full of shelves on 
which were ranged dusty glass spheres... 

He had hurried straight toward row number ninety 
seven, turned left, and ran along it... It had probably 
been then that he had spoken aloud... Just a bit 
farther . . . for he could feel his conscious self 
struggling to wake . . . and before he had reached the 
end of the row, he had found himself lying in bed 
again, gazing up at the canopy of his fourposter. 

You are trying to block your mind, arent you? said 
Hermione, looking beadily at Harry. You are keeping 
going with your Occlumency? 

Of course I am, said Harry, trying to sound as 
though this question was insulting, but not quite 
meeting her eye. The truth was that he was so 
intensely curious about what was hidden in that 
room full of dusty orbs that he was quite keen for the 
dreams to continue. 

  871Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The problem was that with just under a month to go 
until the exams and every free moment devoted to 
studying, his mind seemed saturated with 
information when he went to bed so that he found it 
very difficult to get to sleep at all. When he did, his 
overwrought brain presented him most nights with 
stupid dreams about the exams. He also suspected 
that part of his mind  the part that often spoke in 
Hermiones voice  now felt guilty on the occasions it 
strayed down that corridor ending in the black door, 
and sought to wake him before he could reach 
journeys end. 

You know, said Ron, whose ears were still flaming 
red, if Montague doesnt recover before Slytherin play 
Hufflepuff, we might be in with a chance of winning 
the Cup. 

Yeah, I spose so, said Harry, glad of a change of 
subject. 

I mean, weve won one, lost one  if Slytherin lose to 
Hufflepuff next Saturday   

Yeah, thats right, said Harry, losing track of what 
he was agreeing to: Cho Chang had just walked 
across the courtyard, determinedly not looking at 
him. 

The final match of the Quidditch season, Gryffindor 
versus Ravenclaw, was to take place on the last 
weekend of May. Although Slytherin had been 
narrowly defeated by Hufflepuff in their last match, 
Gryffindor was not daring to hope for victory, due 
mainly (though of course nobody said it to him) to 
Rons abysmal goalkeeping record. He, however, 
seemed to have found a new optimism. 



  872Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I mean, I cant get any worse, can I? he told Harry 
and Hermione grimly over breakfast on the morning 
of the match. Nothing to lose now, is there? 

You know, said Hermione, as she and Harry walked 
down to the pitch a little later in the midst of a very 
excitable crowd, I think Ron might do better without 
Fred and George around. They never exactly gave him 
a lot of confidence... 

Luna Lovegood overtook them with what appeared to 
be a live eagle perched on top of her head. 

Oh gosh, I forgot! said Hermione, watching the eagle 
flapping its wings as Luna walked serenely past a 
group of cackling and pointing Slytherins. Cho will 
be playing, wont she? 

Harry, who had not forgotten this, merely grunted. 

They found seats in the topmost row of the stands. It 
was a fine, clear day. Ron could not wish for better, 
and Harry found himself hoping against hope that 
Ron would not give the Slytherins cause for more 
rousing choruses of Weasley Is Our King. 

Lee Jordan, who had been very dispirited since Fred 
and George had left, was commentating as usual. As 
the teams zoomed out onto the pitches he named the 
players with something less than his usual gusto. 

"... Bradley ... Davies ... Chang, he said, and Harry 
felt his stomach perform, less of a back flip, more a 
feeble lurch as Cho walked out onto the pitch, her 
shiny black hair rippling in the slight breeze. He was 
not sure what he wanted to happen anymore, except 
that he could not stand any more rows. Even the 
sight of her chatting animatedly to Roger Davies as 



  873Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




they prepared to mount their brooms caused him only 
a slight twinge of jealousy. 

And theyre off! said Lee. And Davies takes the 
Quaffle immediately, Ravenclaw Captain Davies with 
the Quaffle, he dodges Johnson, he dodges Bell, he 
dodges Spinnet as well... Hes going straight for goal! 
Hes going to shoot  and  and   Lee swore very 
loudly. And hes scored. 

Harry and Hermione groaned with the rest of the 
Gryffindors. Predictably, horribly, the Slytherins on 
the other side of the stands began to sing: 

Weasley cannot save a thing, 

He cannot block a single ring . . . 

Harry, said a hoarse voice in Harrys ear. Hermione 



Harry looked around and saw Hagrids enormous 
bearded face sticking between the seats; apparently 
he had squeezed his way all along the row behind, for 
the first and second years he had just passed had a 
ruffled, flattened look about them. For some reason, 
Hagrid was bent double as though anxious not to be 
seen, though he was still at least four feet taller than 
everybody else. 

Listen, he whispered, can yeh come with me? Now? 
While evryones watchin the match? 

Er ... cant it wait, Hagrid? asked Harry. Till the 
match is over? 

No, said Hagrid. No, Harry, its gotta be now ... 
while evryones lookin the other way... Please? 



  874Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hagrids nose was gently dripping blood. His eyes 
were both blackened. Harry had not seen him this 
close up since his return to the school; he looked 
utterly woebegone. 

 Course, said Harry at once,  course well come... 

He and Hermione edged back along their row of seats, 
causing much grumbling among the students who 
had to stand up for them. The people in Hagrids row 
were not complaining, merely attempting to make 
themselves as small as possible. 

I ppreciate this, you two, I really do, said Hagrid as 
they reached the stairs. He kept looking around 
nervously as they descended toward the lawn below. 

I jus hope she doesn notice us goin... 

You mean Umbridge? said Harry. She wont, shes 
got her whole Inquisitorial Squad sitting with her, 
didnt you see? She must be expecting trouble at the 
match. 

Yeah, well, a bit o trouble wouldn hurt, said 
Hagrid, pausing to peer around the edge of the stands 
to make sure the stretch of lawn between there and 
his cabin was deserted. Give us more time ... 

What is it, Hagrid? said Hermione, looking up at 
him with a concerned expression on her face as they 
hurried across the lawn toward the edge of the forest. 

Yeh  yehll see in a mo, said Hagrid, looking over 
his shoulder as a great roar rose from the stands 
behind them. Hey  did someone jus score? 

Itll be Ravenclaw, said Harry heavily. 



  875Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Good ... good ... said Hagrid distractedly. Thas 
good... 

They had to jog to keep up with him as he strode 
across the lawn, looking around with every other step. 
When they reached his cabin, Hermione turned 
automatically left toward the front door; Hagrid, 
however, walked straight past it into the shade of the 
trees on the outermost edge of the forest, where he 
picked up a crossbow that was leaning against a tree. 
When he realized they were no longer with him, he 
turned. 

Were goin in here, he said, jerking his shaggy head 
behind him. 

Into the forest? said Hermione, perplexed. 

Yeah, said Hagrid. Cmon now, quick, before were 
spotted! 

Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then 
ducked into the cover of the trees behind Hagrid, who 
was already striding away from them into the green 
gloom, his crossbow over his arm. Harry and 
Hermione ran to catch up with him. 

Hagrid, why are you armed? said Harry. 

Jus a precaution, said Hagrid, shrugging his 
massive shoulders. 

You didnt bring your crossbow the day you showed 
us the thestrals, said Hermione timidly. 

Nah, well, we weren goin in so far then, said 
Hagrid. An anyway, tha was before Firenze left the 
forest, wasn it? 



  876Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Why does Firenze leaving make a difference? asked 
Hermione curiously. 



 Cause the other centaurs are good an riled at me, 
thas why, said Hagrid quietly, glancing around. 
They used ter be  well, yeh couldn call em friendly 
 but we got on all righ. Kept emselves to emselves, 
bu always turned up if I wanted a word. Not anymore 



He sighed deeply. 

Firenze said that theyre angry because he went to 
work for Dumbledore? Harry asked, tripping on a 
protruding root because he was busy watching 
Hagrid s profile. 

Yeah, said Hagrid heavily. Well, angry doesn cover 
it. Ruddy livid. If I hadn stepped in, I reckon theyd ve 
kicked Firenze ter death   

They attacked him? said Hermione, sounding 
shocked. 

Yep, said Hagrid gruffly, forcing his way through 
several lowhanging branches. He had half the herd 
onto him   

And you stopped it? said Harry, amazed and 
impressed. By yourself? 

 Course I did, couldnt stand by an watch em kill 
him, could I? said Hagrid. Lucky I was passin, 
really ... an Idve thought Firenze mighta 
remembered tha before he started sendin me stupid 
warnins! he added hotly and unexpectedly. 

Harry and Hermione looked at each other, startled, 
but Hagrid, scowling, did not elaborate. 

  877Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Anyway, he said, breathing a little more heavily 
than usual, since then the other centaurs Ve bin livid 
with me an the trouble is, theyve got a lot of 
influence in the forest... Cleverest creatures in here 



Is that why were here, Hagrid? asked Hermione. 
The centaurs? 

Ah no, said Hagrid, shaking his head dismissively, 
no, its not them... Well, o course, they could 
complicate the problem, yeah... But yehll see what I 
mean in a bit... 

On this incomprehensible note he fell silent and 
forged a little ahead, taking one stride for every three 
of theirs, so that they had great trouble keeping up 
with him. 

The path was becoming increasingly overgrown and 
the trees grew so closely together as they walked 
farther and farther into the forest that it was as dark 
as dusk. They were soon a long way past the clearing 
where Hagrid had shown them the thestrals, but 
Harry felt no sense of unease until Hagrid stepped 
unexpectedly off the path and began wending his way 
in and out of trees toward the dark heart of the forest. 

Hagrid? said Harry, fighting his way through thickly 
knotted brambles over which Hagrid had stepped 
easily and remembering very vividly what had 
happened to him on the other occasions he had 
stepped off the forest path. Where are we going? 

Bit further, said Hagrid over his shoulder. Cmon, 
Harry... We need ter keep together now... 

It was a great struggle to keep up with Hagrid, what 
with branches and thickets of thorn through which 

  878Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hagrid marched as easily as though they were 
cobwebs, but which snagged Harry and Hermiones 
robes, frequently entangling them so severely that 
they had to stop for minutes at a time to free 
themselves. Harrys arms and legs were soon covered 
in small cuts and scratches. They were so deep in the 
forest now that sometimes all Harry could see of 
Hagrid in the gloom was a massive dark shape ahead 
of him. Any sound seemed threatening in the muffled 
silence. The breaking of a twig echoed loudly and the 
tiniest rustle of movement, though it might have been 
made by an innocent sparrow, caused Harry to peer 
through the gloom for a culprit. It occurred to him 
that he had never managed to get this far into the 
forest without meeting some kind of creature  their 
absence struck him as rather ominous. 

Hagrid, would it be all right if we lit our wands? said 
Hermione quietly. 

Er ... all righ, Hagrid whispered back. In fact ... 

He stopped suddenly and turned around; Hermione 
walked right into him and was knocked over 
backward. Harry caught her just before she hit the 
forest floor. 

Maybe we bes jus stop fer a momen, so I can ... fill 
yeh in, said Hagrid. Before we ge there, like. 

Good! said Hermione, as Harry set her back on her 
feet. They both murmured Lumos\ and their wand 
tips ignited. Hagrid s face swam through the gloom by 
the light of the two wavering beams and Harry saw 
that he looked nervous and sad again. 

Righ, said Hagrid. Well ... see ... the thing is ... 

He took a great breath. 

  879Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, theres a good chance Im goin ter be gettin the 
sack any day now, he said. 



Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then back 
at him. 

But youve lasted this long   Hermione said 
tentatively. What makes you think   

Umbridge reckons it was me that put tha niffler in 
her office. 

And was it? said Harry, before he could stop 
himself. 

No, it ruddy well wasn! said Hagrid indignantly. 
Ony anythin ter do with magical creatures an she 
thinks its got somethin ter do with me. Yeh know 
shes bin lookin fer a chance ter get rid of me ever 
since I got back. I don wan ter go, o course, but if it 
wasn fer ... well ... the special circumstances Im 
abou ter explain to yeh, Id leave righ now, before 
shes go the chance ter do it in front o the whole 
school, like she did with Trelawney. 

Harry and Hermione both made noises of protest, but 
Hagrid overrode them with a wave of one of his 
enormous hands. 

Its not the end o the world, Ill be able ter help 
Dumbledore once Im outta here, I can be useful ter 
the Order. An you lotll have GrubblyPlank, yehll  
yehll get through yer exams fine... His voice 
trembled and broke. 

Don worry abou me, he said hastily, as Hermione 
made to pat his arm. He pulled his enormous spotted 
handkerchief from the pocket of his waistcoat and 
mopped his eyes with it. Look, I wouldn be tellin yer 

  880Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




this at all if I didn have ter. See, if I go ... well, I can 
leave withou ... withou fellin someone ... because Ill 
 Ill need you two ter help me. An Ron, if hes 
willin. 

Of course well help you, said Harry at once. What 
do you want us to do? 

Hagrid gave a great sniff and patted Harry wordlessly 
on the shoulder with such force that Harry was 
knocked sideways into a tree. 

I knew yehd say yes, said Hagrid into his 
handkerchief, but I won ... never ... forget ... Well ... 
cmon ... jus a little bit further through here ... Watch 
yerselves, now, theres nettles... 

They walked on in silence for another fifteen minutes. 
Harry had opened his mouth to ask how much farther 
they had to go when Hagrid threw out his right arm to 
signal that they should stop. 

Really easy, he said softly. Very quiet, now ... 

They crept forward and Harry saw that they were 
facing a large, smooth mound of earth nearly as tall 
as Hagrid that he thought, with a jolt of dread, was 
sure to be the lair of some enormous animal. Trees 
had been ripped up at the roots all around the 
mound, so that it stood on a bare patch of ground 
surrounded by heaps of trunks and boughs that 
formed a kind of fence or barricade, behind which 
Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid now stood. 

Sleepin, breathed Hagrid. 

Sure enough, Harry could hear a distant, rhythmic 
rumbling that sounded like a pair of enormous lungs 
at work. He glanced sideways at Hermione, who was 

  881Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




gazing at the mound with her mouth slightly open. 

She looked utterly terrified. 

Hagrid, she said in a whisper barely audible over 
the sound of the sleeping creature, who is he? 

Harry found this an odd question... What is it? was 
the one he had been planning on asking. 

Hagrid, you told us, said Hermione, her wand now 
shaking in her hand, you told us none of them 
wanted to come! 

Harry looked from her to Hagrid and then, as 
realization hit him, he looked back at the mound with 
a small gasp of horror. 

The great mound of earth, on which he, Hermione, 
and Hagrid could easily have stood, was moving 
slowly up and down in time with the deep, grunting 
breathing. It was not a mound at all. It was the 
curved back of what was clearly . . . 

Well  no  he didn want ter come, said Hagrid, 
sounding desperate. But I had ter bring him, 
Hermione, I had ter! 

But why? asked Hermione, who sounded as though 
she wanted to cry. Why  what  oh, Hagrid\ 

I knew if I jus got him back, said Hagrid, sounding 
close to tears himself, an  an taught him a few 
manners  Id be able ter take him outside an show 
evryone hes harmless! 

Harmless! said Hermione shrilly, and Hagrid made 
frantic hushing noises with his hands as the 
enormous creature before them grunted loudly and 
shifted in its sleep. Hes been hurting you all this 

  882Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




time, hasnt he? Thats why youve had all these 
injuries! 

He don know his own strength! said Hagrid 
earnestly. An hes gettin better, hes not fightin so 
much anymore   

So this is why it took you two months to get home! 
said Hermione distractedly. Oh Hagrid, why did you 
bring him back if he didnt want to come, wouldnt he 
have been happier with his own people? 

They were all bullyin him, Hermione, cause hes so 
small! said Hagrid. 

Small? said Hermione. Small? 

Hermione, I couldn leave him, said Hagrid, tears 
now trickling down his bruised face into his beard. 
See  hes my brother! 

Hermione simply stared at him, her mouth open. 

Hagrid, when you say brother,  said Harry slowly, 
do you mean  ? 

Well  halfbrother, amended Hagrid. Turns out 
me mother took up with another giant when she left 
me dad, an she went an had Grawp here   

Grawp? said Harry. 

Yeah ... well, thas what it sounds like when he says 
his name, said Hagrid anxiously. He don speak a lot 
of English... Ive bin tryin ter teach him... Anyway, 
she don seem ter have liked him much moren she 
liked me... See, with giantesses, what counts is 
producin good big kids, and hes always been a bit on 
the runty side fer a giant  ony sixteen foot   

  883Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh yes, tiny! said Hermione, with a kind of 
hysterical sarcasm. Absolutely minuscule! 

He was bein kicked around by all o them  I jus 
couldn leave him   

Did Madame Maxime want to bring him back? 
asked Harry. 

She  well, she could see it was right importan ter 
me, said Hagrid, twisting his enormous hands. Bu 
 bu she got a bit tired of him after a while, I must 
admit ... so we split up on the journey home... She 
promised not ter tell anyone though... 

How on earth did you get him back without anyone 
noticing? said Harry. 

Well, thas why it took so long, see, said Hagrid. 
Could ony travel by nigh an through wild country 
an stuff. Course, he covers the ground pretty well 
when he wants ter, but he kep wantin ter go back... 

Oh Hagrid, why on earth didnt you let him! said 
Hermione, flopping down onto a rippedup tree and 
burying her face in her hands. What do you think 
youre going to do with a violent giant who doesnt 
even want to be here! 

Well, now  Violent  thas a bit harsh, said 
Hagrid, still twisting his hands agitatedly. Ill admit 
he mighta taken a couple o swings at me when hes 
bin in a bad mood, but hes gettin better, loads 
better, settlin down well... 

What are those ropes for, then? Harry asked. 

He had just noticed ropes thick as saplings stretching 
from around the trunks of the largest nearby trees 

  884Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




toward the place where Grawp lay curled on the 
ground with his back to them. 

You have to keep him tied up? said Hermione 
faintly. 

Well ... yeah ... said Hagrid, looking anxious. See  
its like I say  he doesn really know his strength   

Harry understood now why there had been such a 
suspicious lack of any other living creature in this 
part of the forest. 

So what is it you want Harry and Ron and me to do? 
Hermione asked apprehensively. 

Look after him, said Hagrid croakily. After Im 
gone. 

Harry and Hermione exchanged miserable looks, 

Harry uncomfortably aware that he had already 
promised Hagrid that he would do whatever he asked. 

What  what does that involve, exactly? Hermione 
inquired. 

Not food or anythin! said Hagrid eagerly. He can 
get his own food, no problem. Birds an deer an stuff 
... No, its company he needs. If I jus knew someone 
was carryin on tryin ter help him a bit ... teachin 
him, yeh know ... 

Harry said nothing, but turned to look back at the 
gigantic form lying asleep on the ground in front of 
them. Grawp had his back to them. Unlike Hagrid, 
who simply looked like a very oversize human, Grawp 
looked strangely misshapen. What Harry had taken to 
be a vast mossy boulder to the left of the great 
earthen mound he now recognized as Grawp s head. 
  885Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It was much larger in proportion to the body than a 
human head, almost perfectly round and covered with 
tightly curling, closegrowing hair the color of 
bracken. The rim of a single large, fleshy ear was 
visible on top of the head, which seemed to sit, rather 
like Uncle Vernons, directly upon the shoulders with 
little or no neck in between. The back, under what 
looked like a dirty brownish smock comprised of 
animal skins sewn roughly together, was very broad, 
and as Grawp slept, it seemed to strain a little at the 
rough seams of the skins. The legs were curled up 
under the body; Harry could see the soles of 
enormous, filthy, bare feet, large as sledges, resting 
one on top of the other on the earthy forest floor. 

You want us to teach him, Harry said in a hollow 
voice. He now understood what Firenzes warning had 
meant. His attempt is not working. He would do better 
to abandon it. Of course, the other creatures who lived 
in the forest would have heard Hagrids fruitless 
attempts to teach Grawp English... 

Yeah  even if yeh jus talk ter him a bit, said 
Hagrid hopefully.  Cause I reckon, if he can talk ter 
people, hell understand more that we all like him 
really, an want him to stay... 

Harry looked at Hermione, who peered back at him 
from between the fingers over her face. 

Kind of makes you wish we had Norbert back, 
doesnt it? he said and she gave a very shaky laugh. 

Yehll do it, then? said Hagrid, who did not seem to 
have caught what Harry had just said. 

Well ... said Harry, already bound by his promise. 
Well try, Hagrid... 



  886Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I knew I could count on yeh, Harry, Hagrid said, 
beaming in a very watery way and dabbing at his face 
with his handkerchief again. An I don wan yeh ter 
put yerself out too much, like... I know yehve got 
exams... If yeh could jus nip down here in yer 
Invisibility Cloak maybe once a week an have a little 
chat with him ... Ill wake him up, then  introduce 
you   

Wha  no! said Hermione, jumping up, Hagrid, no, 
dont wake him, really, we dont need   

But Hagrid had already stepped over the great trunk 
in front of them and was proceeding toward Grawp. 
When he was around ten feet away, he lifted a long, 
broken bough from the ground, smiled reassuringly 
over his shoulder at Harry and Hermione, and then 
poked Grawp hard in the middle of the back with the 
end of the bough. 

The giant gave a roar that echoed around the silent 
forest. Birds in the treetops overhead rose twittering 
from their perches and soared away. In front of Harry 
and Hermione, meanwhile, the gigantic Grawp was 
rising from the ground, which shuddered as he placed 
an enormous hand upon it to push himself onto his 
knees and turned his head to see who and what had 
disturbed him. 

All righ, Grawpy? said Hagrid in a wouldbe cheery 
voice, backing away with the long bough raised, ready 
to poke Grawp again. Had a nice sleep, eh? 

Harry and Hermione retreated as far as they could 
while still keeping the giant within their sights. Grawp 
knelt between two trees he had not yet uprooted. 

They looked up into his startlingly huge face, which 
resembled a gray full moon swimming in the gloom of 
the clearing. It was as though the features had been 
  887Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




hewn onto a great stone ball. The nose was stubby 
and shapeless, the mouth lopsided and full of 
misshapen yellow teeth the size of halfbricks. The 
small eyes were a muddy greenishbrown and just 
now were half gummed together with sleep. Grawp 
raised dirty knuckles as big as cricket balls to his 
eyes, rubbed vigorously, then, without warning, 
pushed himself to his feet with surprising speed and 
agility. 

Oh my ... Harry heard Hermione squeal, terrified, 
beside him. 

The trees to which the other ends of the ropes around 
Grawps wrists and ankles were attached creaked 
ominously. He was, as Hagrid had said, at least 
sixteen feet tall. Gazing blearily around, he reached 
out a hand the size of a beach umbrella, seized a 
birds nest from the upper branches of a towering 
pine and turned it upside down with a roar of 
apparent displeasure that there was no bird in it  
eggs fell like grenades toward the ground and Hagrid 
threw his arms over his head to protect himself. 

Anyway, Grawpy, shouted Hagrid, looking up 
apprehensively in case of further falling eggs, Ive 
brought some friends ter meet yeh. Remember, I told 
yeh I might? Remember, when I said I might have ter 
go on a little trip an leave them ter look after yeh fer 
a bit? Remember that, Grawpy? 

But Grawp merely gave another low roar; it was hard 
to say whether he was listening to Hagrid or whether 
he even recognized the sounds Hagrid was making as 
speech. He had now seized the top of the pine tree 
and was pulling it toward him, evidently for the 
simple pleasure of seeing how far it would spring 
back when he let go. 



  888Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Now, Grawpy, don do that! shouted Hagrid. Thas 
how you ended up pullin up the others   

And sure enough, Harry could see the earth around 
the trees roots beginning to crack. 

I got company fer yeh! Hagrid shouted. Company, 
see! Look down, yeh big buffoon, I brought yeh some 
friends! 

Oh Hagrid, dont, moaned Hermione, but Hagrid 
had already raised the bough again and gave Grawps 
knee a sharp poke. 

The giant let go of the top of the pine tree, which 
swayed menacingly and deluged Hagrid with a rain of 
needles, and looked down. 

This, said Hagrid, hastening over to where Harry 
and Hermione stood, is Harry, Grawp! Harry Potter! 
He migh be cornin ter visit yeh if I have ter go away, 
understand? 

The giant had only just realized that Harry and 
Hermione were there. They watched, in great 
trepidation, as he lowered his huge boulder of a head 
so that he could peer blearily at them. 

An this is Hermione, see? Her   Hagrid hesitated. 
Turning to Hermione he said, Would yeh mind if he 
called yeh Hermy, Hermione? Ony its a difficult 
name fer him ter remember... 

No, not at all, squeaked Hermione. 

This is Hermy, Grawp! An shes gonna be cornin an 
all! Isn tha nice? Eh? Two friends fer yeh ter  
GRAWPY, NO! 



  889Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Grawps hand had shot out of nowhere toward 
Hermione  Harry seized her and pulled her 
backward behind the tree, so that Grawps fist 
scraped the trunk but closed on thin air. 

BAD BOY, GRAWPY! Harry heard Hagrid yelling, as 
Hermione clung to Harry behind the tree, shaking 
and whimpering. VERY BAD BOY! YEH DON GRAB 

 OUCH! 

Harry poked his head out from around the trunk and 
saw Hagrid lying on his back, his hand over his nose. 
Grawp, apparently losing interest, had straightened 
up again and was again engaged in pulling back the 
pine as far as it would go. 

Righ, said Hagrid thickly, getting up with one hand 
pinching his bleeding nose and the other grasping his 
crossbow. Well ... there yeh are... Yehve met him an 

 an now hell know yeh when yeh come back. Yeah 
...well... 

He looked up at Grawp, who was now pulling back 
the pine with an expression of detached pleasure on 
his boulderish face; the roots were creaking as he 
ripped them away from the ground... 

Well, I reckon thas enough fer one day, said Hagrid. 
Well  er  well go back now, shall we? 

Harry and Hermione nodded. Hagrid shouldered his 
crossbow again and, still pinching his nose, led the 
way back into the trees. 

Nobody spoke for a while, not even when they heard 
the distant crash that meant Grawp had pulled over 
the pine tree at last. Hermiones face was pale and 
set. Harry could not think of a single thing to say. 
What on earth was going to happen when somebody 
  890Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




found out that Hagrid had hidden Grawp in the 
forest? And he had promised that he, Ron, and 
Hermione would continue Hagrids totally pointless 
attempts to civilize the giant... How could Hagrid, 
even with his immense capacity to delude himself 
that fanged monsters were lovably harmless, fool 
himself that Grawp would ever be fit to mix with 
humans? 

Hold it, said Hagrid abruptly, just as Harry and 
Hermione were struggling through a patch of thick 
knotgrass behind him. He pulled an arrow out of the 
quiver over his shoulder and fitted it into the 
crossbow. Harry and Hermione raised their wands; 
now that they had stopped walking, they too could 
hear movement close by. 

Oh blimey, said Hagrid quietly. 

I thought that we told you, Hagrid, said a deep male 
voice, that you are no longer welcome here? 

A mans naked torso seemed for an instant to be 
floating toward them through the dappled green half 
light. Then they saw that his waist joined smoothly 
with a horses chestnut body. This centaur had a 
proud, highcheekboned face and long black hair. 

Like Hagrid, he was armed: A quiverful of arrows and 
a long bow were slung over his shoulders. 

How are yeh, Magorian? said Hagrid warily. 

The trees behind the centaur rustled and four or five 
more emerged behind him. Harry recognized the 
blackbodied and bearded Bane, whom he had met 
nearly four years ago on the same night he had met 
Firenze. Bane gave no sign that he had ever seen 
Harry before. 



  891Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




So, he said, with a nasty inflection in his voice, 
before turning immediately to Magorian. We agreed, I 
think, what we would do if this human showed his 
face in the forest again? 

 This human now, am I? said Hagrid testily. Jus 
fer stoppin all of yeh committin murder? 

You ought not to have meddled, Hagrid, said 
Magorian. Our ways are not yours, nor are our laws. 
Firenze has betrayed and dishonored us. 

I dunno how yeh work that out, said Hagrid 
impatiently. Hes done nothin except help Albus 
Dumbledore   

Firenze has entered into servitude to humans, said 
a gray centaur with a hard, deeply lined face. 

 Servitude ! said Hagrid scathingly. Hes doin 
Dumbledore a favor is all   

He is peddling our knowledge and secrets among 
humans, said Magorian quietly. There can be no 
return from such disgrace. 

If yeh say so, said Hagrid, shrugging, but 
personally I think yeh re makin a big mistake   

As are you, human, said Bane, coming back into 
our forest when we warned you   

Now, you listen ter me, said Hagrid angrily. Ill have 
less of the our forest, if its all the same ter you. Its 
not up ter you who comes an goes in here   

No more is it up to you, Hagrid, said Magorian 
smoothly. I shall let you pass today because you are 
accompanied by your young   

  892Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Theyre not his! interrupted Bane contemptuously. 
Students, Magorian, from up at the school! They 
have probably already profited from the traitor 
F irenze s teachings ... 

Nevertheless, said Magorian calmly, the slaughter 
of foals is a terrible crime... We do not touch the 
innocent. Today, Hagrid, you pass. Henceforth, stay 
away from this place. You forfeited the friendship of 
the centaurs when you helped the traitor Firenze 
escape us. 

I won be kept outta the fores by a bunch of mules 
like you! said Hagrid loudly. 

Hagrid, said Hermione in a highpitched and 
terrified voice, as both Bane and the gray centaur 
pawed at the ground, lets go, please lets go! 

Hagrid moved forward, but his crossbow was still 
raised and his eyes were still fixed threateningly upon 
Magorian. 

We know what you are keeping in the forest, Hagrid! 
Magorian called after them, as the centaurs slipped 
out of sight. And our tolerance is waning! 

Hagrid turned and gave every appearance of wanting 
to walk straight back to Magorian again. 

Youll tolerate him as long as hes here, its as much 
his forest as yours! he yelled, while Harry and 
Hermione both pushed with all their might against 
Hagrid s moleskin waistcoat in an effort to keep him 
moving forward. Still scowling, he looked down; his 
expression changed to mild surprise at the sight of 
them both pushing him. He seemed not to have felt it. 



  893Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Calm down, you two, he said, turning to walk on 
while they panted along behind him. Ruddy old nags 
though, eh? 

Hagrid, said Hermione breathlessly, skirting the 
patch of nettles they had passed on their way there, 
if the centaurs dont want humans in the forest, it 
doesnt really look as though Harry and I will be able 



Ah, you heard what they said, said Hagrid 
dismissively They wouldnt hurt foals  I mean, 
kids. Anyway, we can let ourselves be pushed around 
by that lot... 

Nice try, Harry murmured to Hermione, who looked 
crestfallen. 

At last they rejoined the path and after another ten 
minutes, the trees began to thin. They were able to 
see patches of clear blue sky again and hear, in the 
distance, the definite sounds of cheering and 
shouting. 

Was that another goal? asked Hagrid, pausing in 
the shelter of the trees as the Quidditch stadium 
came into view. Or dyou reckon the match is over? 

I dont know, said Hermione miserably. Harry saw 
that she looked much the worse for wear; her hair 
was full of bits of twig and leaves, her robes were 
ripped in several places and there were numerous 
scratches on her face and arms. He knew he could 
look little better. 

I reckon its over, yeh know! said Hagrid, still 
squinting toward the stadium. Look  theres people 
cornin out already  if you two hurry yeh ll be able 



  894Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




ter blend in with the crowd an no onell know you 
werent there! 



Good idea, said Harry. Well ... see you later, then, 
Hagrid... 

I dont believe him, said Hermione in a very 
unsteady voice, the moment they were out of earshot 
of Hagrid. I dont believe him. I really dont believe 
him... 

Calm down, said Harry. 

Calm down! she said feverishly. A giant! A giant in 
the forest! And were supposed to give him English 
lessons! Always assuming, of course, we can get past 
the herd of murderous centaurs on the way in and 
out! I  dont  believe  him! 

We havent got to do anything yet! Harry tried to 
reassure her in a quiet voice, as they joined a stream 
of jabbering Hufflepuffs heading back toward the 
castle. Hes not asking us to do anything unless he 
gets chucked out and that might not even happen   

Oh come off it, Harry! said Hermione angrily, 
stopping dead in her tracks so that the people behind 
her had to swerve to avoid her. Of course hes going 
to be chucked out and to be perfectly honest, after 
what weve just seen, who can blame Umbridge? 

There was a pause in which Harry glared at her, and 
her eyes filled slowly with tears. 

You didnt mean that, said Harry quietly. 

No ... well ... all right ... I didnt, she said, wiping 
her eyes angrily. But why does he have to make life 
so difficult for himself  for us? 

  895Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I dunno   



Weasley is our King, 

Weasley is our King, 

He didnt let the Quaffle in, 

Weasley is our King . . . 

And I wish theyd stop singing that stupid song, said 
Hermione miserably, havent they gloated enough? 

A great tide of students was moving up the sloping 
lawns from the pitch. 

Oh, lets get in before we have to meet the 
Slytherins, said Hermione. 

Weasley can save anything, 

He never leaves a single ring 
Thats why Gryffindors all sing: 

Weasley is our King. 

Hermione ... said Harry slowly. 

The song was growing louder, but it was issuing not 
from a crowd of greenandsilverclad Slytherins, but 
from a mass of red and gold moving slowly toward the 
castle, which was bearing a solitary figure upon its 
many shoulders... 

Weasley is our King, 

Weasley is our King, 

He didnt let the Quaffle in, 

Weasley is our King . . . 

No! said Hermione in a hushed voice. 

YES! said Harry loudly. 



  896Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




HARRY! HERMIONE! yelled Ron, waving the silver 
Quidditch Cup in the air and looking quite beside 
himself. WE DID IT! WE WON! 



They beamed up at him as he passed; there was a 
scrum at the door of the castle and Rons head got 
rather badly bumped on the lintel, but nobody 
seemed to want to put him down. Still singing, the 
crowd squeezed itself into the entrance hall and out of 
sight. Harry and Hermione watched them go, 
beaming, until the last echoing strains of Weasley Is 
Our King died away. Then they turned to each other, 
their smiles fading. 

Well save our news till tomorrow, shall we? said 
Harry. 

Yes, all right, said Hermione wearily. Im not in any 
hurry... 

They climbed the steps together. At the front doors 
both instinctively looked back at the Forbidden 
Forest. Harry was not sure whether it was his 
imagination or not, but he rather thought he saw a 
small cloud of birds erupting into the air over the 
treetops in the distance, almost as though the tree in 
which they had been nesting had just been pulled up 
by the roots. 



  897Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






O.W.L.S 



Rons euphoria at helping Gryffindor scrape the 
Quidditch Cup was such that he could not settle to 
anything next day. All he wanted to do was talk over 
the match and Harry and Hermione found it very 
difficult to find an opening in which to mention 
Grawp  not that either of them tried very hard; 
neither was keen to be the one to bring Ron back to 
reality in quite such a brutal fashion. As it was 
another fine, warm day, they persuaded him to join 
them in studying under the beech tree on the edge of 
the lake, where they stood less chance of being 
overheard than in the common room. Ron was not 
particularly keen on this idea at first; he was 
thoroughly enjoying being patted on the back by 
Gryffindors walking past his chair, not to mention the 
occasional outbursts of Weasley Is Our King, but 
agreed after a while that some fresh air might do him 
good. 

They spread their books out in the shade of the beech 
tree and sat down while Ron talked them through his 



  898Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



first save of the match for what felt like the dozenth 
time. 

Well, I mean, Id already let in that one of Daviess, 
so I wasnt feeling that confident, but I dunno, when 
Bradley came toward me, just out of nowhere, I 
thought  you can do this\ And I had about a second 
to decide which way to fly, you know, because he 
looked like he was aiming for the right goal hoop  
my right, obviously, his left  but I had a funny 
feeling that he was feinting, and so I took the chance 
and flew left  his right, I mean  and  well  you 
saw what happened, he concluded modestly, 
sweeping his hair back quite unnecessarily so that it 
looked interestingly windswept and glancing around 
to see whether the people nearest to them  a bunch 
of gossiping thirdyear Hufflepuffs  had heard him. 
And then, when Chambers came at me about five 
minutes later  what? Ron said, stopping mid 
sentence at the look on Harrys face. Why are you 
grinning? 

Im not, said Harry quickly, looking down at his 
Transfiguration notes and attempting to straighten 
his face. The truth was that Ron had just reminded 
Harry forcibly of another Gryffindor Quidditch player 
who had once sat rumpling his hair under this very 
tree. Im just glad we won, thats all. 

Yeah, said Ron slowly, savoring the words, we won. 
Did you see the look on Changs face when Ginny got 
the Snitch right out from under her nose? 

I suppose she cried, did she? said Harry bitterly. 

Well, yeah  more out of temper than anything, 
though ... Ron frowned slightly. But you saw her 
chuck her broom away when she got back to the 
ground, didnt you? 

  899Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Er   said Harry. 

Well, actually ... no, Ron, said Hermione with a 
heavy sigh, putting down her book and looking at him 
apologetically. As a matter of fact, the only bit of the 
match Harry and I saw was Daviess first goal. 

Rons carefully ruffled hair seemed to wilt with 
disappointment. 

You didnt watch? he said faintly, looking from one 
to the other. You didnt see me make any of those 
saves? 

Well  no, said Hermione, stretching out a 
placatory hand toward him. But Ron, we didnt want 
to leave  we had to! 

Yeah? said Ron, whose face was growing rather red. 
How come? 

It was Hagrid, said Harry. He decided to tell us why 
hes been covered in injuries ever since he got back 
from the giants. He wanted us to go into the forest 
with him, we had no choice, you know how he gets... 
Anyway ... 

The story was told in five minutes, by the end of 
which Rons indignation had been replaced by a look 
of total incredulity. 

He brought one back and hid it in the forest? 

Yep, said Harry grimly. 

No, said Ron, as though by saying this he could 
make it untrue. No, he cant have... 



  900Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, he has, said Hermione firmly. Grawps about 
sixteen feet tall, enjoys ripping up twentyfoot pine 
trees, and knows me, she snorted, as Hermy. 

Ron gave a nervous laugh. 

And Hagrid wants us to . . . ? 

Teach him English, yeah, said Harry. 

Hes lost his mind, said Ron in an almost awed 
voice. 

Yes, said Hermione irritably, turning a  of 
Intermediate Transfiguration and glaring at a series of 
diagrams showing an owl turning into a pair of opera 
glasses. Yes, Im starting to think he has. But 
unfortunately, he made Harry and me promise. 

Well, youre just going to have to break your promise, 
thats all, said Ron firmly. I mean, come on ... Weve 
got exams and were about that far, he held up his 
hand to show thumb and forefinger a millimeter 
apart, from being chucked out as it is. And anyway 
... remember Norbert? Remember Aragog? Have we 
ever come off better for mixing with any of Hagrid s 
monster mates? 

I know, its just that  we promised, said Hermione 
in a small voice. 

Ron smoothed his hair flat again, looking 
preoccupied. 

Well, he sighed, Hagrid hasnt been sacked yet, has 
he? Hes hung on this long, maybe hell hang on till 
the end of term and we wont have to go near Grawp 
at all. 



  901Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The castle grounds were gleaming in the sunlight as 
though freshly painted; the cloudless sky smiled at 
itself in the smoothly sparkling lake, the satingreen 
lawns rippled occasionally in a gentle breeze: June 
had arrived, but to the fifth years this meant only one 
thing: Their O.W.L.s were upon them at last. 

Their teachers were no longer setting them 
homework; lessons were devoted to reviewing those 
topics their teachers thought most likely to come up 
in the exams. The purposeful, feverish atmosphere 
drove nearly everything but the O.W.L.s from Harrys 
mind, though he did wonder occasionally during 
Potions lessons whether Lupin had ever told Snape 
that he must continue giving Harry Occlumency 
tuition: If he had, then Snape had ignored Lupin as 
thoroughly as he was now ignoring Harry. This suited 
Harry very well; he was quite busy and tense enough 
without extra classes with Snape, and to his relief 
Hermione was much too preoccupied these days to 
badger him about Occlumency. She was spending a 
lot of time muttering to herself and had not laid out 
any elf clothes for days. 

She was not the only person acting oddly as the 
O.W.L.s drew steadily nearer. Ernie Macmillan had 
developed an irritating habit of interrogating people 
about their study habits. 

How many hours dyou think youre doing a day? he 
demanded of Harry and Ron as they queued outside 
Herbology, a manic gleam in his eyes. 

I dunno, said Ron. A few ... 

More or less than eight? 

Less, I spose, said Ron, looking slightly alarmed. 



  902Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tm doing eight, said Ernie, puffing out his chest. 
Eight or nine. Im getting an hour in before breakfast 
every day. Eights my average. I can do ten on a good 
weekend day. I did nine and a half on Monday. Not so 
good on Tuesday  only seven and a quarter. Then 
on Wednesday   

Harry was deeply thankful that Professor Sprout 
ushered them into greenhouse three at that point, 
forcing Ernie to abandon his recital. 

Meanwhile Draco Malfoy had found a different way to 
induce panic. 

Of course, its not what you know, he was heard to 
tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly outside Potions a few 
days before the exams were to start, its who you 
know. Now, Fathers been friendly with the head of 
the Wizarding Examinations Authority for years  old 
Griselda Marchbanks  weve had her round for 
dinner and everything... 

Do you think thats true? Hermione whispered to 
Harry and Ron, looking frightened. 

Nothing we can do about it if it is, said Ron 
gloomily. 

I dont think its true, said Neville quietly from 
behind them. Because Griselda Marchbanks is a 
friend of my grans, and shes never mentioned the 
Malfoys. 

Whats she like, Neville? asked Hermione at once. 

Is she strict? 

Bit like Gran, really, said Neville in a subdued voice. 



  903Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Knowing her wont hurt your chances though, will 
it? Ron told him encouragingly. 

Oh, I dont think it will make any difference, said 
Neville, still more miserably. Grans always telling 
Professor Marchbanks Im not as good as my dad... 
Well ... you saw what shes like at St. Mungos... 

Neville looked fixedly at the floor. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione glanced at one another, but didnt know 
what to say. It was the first time that Neville had 
acknowledged that they had met at the Wizarding 
hospital. 

Meanwhile a flourishing blackmarket trade in aids to 
concentration, mental agility, and wakefulness had 
sprung up among the fifth and seventh years. Harry 
and Ron were much tempted by the bottle of 
Baruffios Brain Elixir offered to them by Ravenclaw 
sixth year Eddie Carmichael, who swore it was solely 
responsible for the nine Outstanding O.W.L.s he 
had gained the previous summer and was offering the 
whole pint for a mere twelve Galleons. Ron assured 
Harry he would reimburse him for his half the 
moment he left Hogwarts and got a job, but before 
they could close the deal, Hermione had confiscated 
the bottle from Carmichael and poured the contents 
down a toilet. 

Hermione, we wanted to buy that! shouted Ron. 

Dont be stupid, she snarled. You might as well 
take Harold Dingles powdered dragon claw and have 
done with it. 

Dingles got powdered dragon claw? said Ron 
eagerly. 



  904Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Not anymore, said Hermione. I confiscated that too. 
None of these things actually works you know   

Dragon claw does work! said Ron. Its supposed to 
be incredible, really gives your brain a boost, you 
come over all cunning for a few hours  Hermione, 
let me have a pinch, go on, it cant hurt   

This stuff can, said Hermione grimly. Ive had a 
look at it, and its actually dried doxy droppings. 

This information took the edge off Harry and Rons 
desire for brain stimulants. 

They received their examination schedules and details 
of the procedure for O.W.L.s during their next 
Transfiguration lesson. 

As you can see, Professor McGonagall told the class 
while they copied down the dates and times of their 
exams from the blackboard, your O.W.L.s are spread 
over two successive weeks. You will sit the theory 
exams in the mornings and the practice in the 
afternoons. Your practical Astronomy examination 
will, of course, take place at night. 

Now, I must warn you that the most stringent Anti 
Cheating Charms have been applied to your 
examination papers. AutoAnswer Quills are banned 
from the examination hall, as are Remembralls, 
Detachable Cribbing Cuffs, and Self Correcting Ink. 
Every year, I am afraid to say, seems to harbor at 
least one student who thinks that he or she can get 
around the Wizarding Examinations Authoritys rules. 
I can only hope that it is nobody in Gryffindor. Our 
new  headmistress  Professor McGonagall 
pronounced the word with the same look on her face 
that Aunt Petunia had whenever she was 
contemplating a particularly stubborn bit of dirt  
  905Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




has asked the Heads of House to tell their students 
that cheating will be punished most severely  
because, of course, your examination results will 
reflect upon the headmistresss new regime at the 
school... 

Professor McGonagall gave a tiny sigh. Harry saw the 
nostrils of her sharp nose flare. 

However, that is no reason not to do your very best. 
You have your own futures to think about. 

Please, Professor, said Hermione, her hand in the 
air, when will we find out our results? 

An owl will be sent to you some time in July, said 
Professor McGonagall. 

Excellent, said Dean Thomas in an audible whisper, 
so we dont have to worry about it till the holidays... 

Harry imagined sitting in his bedroom in Privet Drive 
in six weeks time, waiting for his O.W.L. results. 

Well, he thought, at least he would be sure of one bit 
of post next summer... 

Their first exam, Theory of Charms, was scheduled for 
Monday morning. Harry agreed to test Hermione after 
lunch on Sunday but regretted it almost at once. She 
was very agitated and kept snatching the book back 
from him to check that she had gotten the answer 
completely right, finally hitting him hard on the nose 
with the sharp edge of Achievements in Charming. 

Why dont you just do it yourself? he said firmly, 
handing the book back to her, his eyes watering. 

Meanwhile Ron was reading two years of Charms 
notes with his fingers in his ears, his lips moving 

  906Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




soundlessly; Seamus was lying flat on his back on the 
floor, reciting the definition of a Substantive Charm, 
while Dean checked it against The Standard Book of 
Spells, Grade 5; and Parvati and Lavender, who were 
practicing basic locomotion charms, were making 
their pencil cases race each other around the edge of 
the table. 

Dinner was a subdued affair that night. Harry and 
Ron did not talk much, but ate with gusto, having 
studied hard all day. Hermione on the other hand 
kept putting down her knife and fork and diving 
under the table for her bag, from which she would 
seize a book to check some fact or figure. Ron was 
just telling her that she ought to eat a decent meal or 
she would not sleep that night, when her fork slid 
from her limp fingers and landed with a loud tinkle on 
her plate. 

Oh, my goodness, she said faintly, staring into the 
entrance hall. Is that them? Is that the examiners? 

Harry and Ron whipped around on their bench. 
Through the doors to the Great Hall they could see 
Umbridge standing with a small group of ancient 
looking witches and wizards. Umbridge, Harry was 
pleased to see, looked rather nervous. 

Shall we go and have a closer look? said Ron. 

Harry and Hermione nodded and they hastened 
toward the double doors into the entrance hall, 
slowing down as they stepped over the threshold to 
walk sedately past the examiners. Harry thought 
Professor Marchbanks must be the tiny, stooped 
witch with a face so lined it looked as though it had 
been draped in cobwebs; Umbridge was speaking to 
her very deferentially. Professor Marchbanks seemed 



  907Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




to be a little deaf; she was answering Umbridge very 
loudly considering that they were only a foot apart. 

Journey was fine, journey was fine, weve made it 
plenty of times before! she said impatiently. Now, I 
havent heard from Dumbledore lately! she added, 
peering around the hall as though hopeful he might 
suddenly emerge from a broom cupboard. No idea 
where he is, I suppose? 

None at all, said Umbridge, shooting a malevolent 
look at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who were now 
dawdling around the foot of the stairs as Ron 
pretended to do up his shoelace. But I daresay the 
Ministry of Magic will track him down soon enough... 

I doubt it, shouted tiny Professor Marchbanks, not 
if Dumbledore doesnt want to be found! I should 
know... Examined him personally in Transfiguration 
and Charms when he did N.E.W.T.s ... Did things 
with a wand Id never seen before ... 

Yes ... well ... said Professor Umbridge as Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione dragged their feet up the marble 
staircase as slowly as they dared, let me show you to 
the staffroom ... I daresay youd like a cup of tea after 
your journey... 

It was an uncomfortable sort of an evening. Everyone 
was trying to do some lastminute studying but 
nobody seemed to be getting very far. Harry went to 
bed early but then lay awake for what felt like hours. 
He remembered his careers consultation and 
McGonagalls furious declaration that she would help 
him become an Auror if it was the last thing she did... 
He wished he had expressed a more achievable 
ambition now that exam time was here... He knew 
that he was not the only one lying awake, but none of 



  908Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




the others in the dormitory spoke and finally, one by 
one, they fell asleep. 

None of the fifth years talked very much at breakfast 
next day either. Parvati was practicing incantations 
under her breath while the salt cellar in front of her 
twitched, Hermione was rereading Achievement in 
Charming so fast that her eyes appeared blurred, and 
Neville kept dropping his knife and fork and knocking 
over the marmalade. 

Once breakfast was over, the fifth and seventh years 
milled around in the entrance hall while the other 
students went off to lessons. Then, at halfpast nine, 
they were called forward class by class to reenter the 
Great Hall, which was now arranged exactly as Harry 
had seen it in the Pensieve when his father, Sirius, 
and Snape had been taking their O.W.L.s. The four 
House tables had been removed and replaced instead 
with many tables for one, all facing the stafftable end 
of the Hall where Professor McGonagall stood facing 
them. When they were all seated and quiet she said, 
You may begin, and turned over an enormous 
hourglass on the desk beside her, on which were also 
spare quills, ink bottles, and rolls of parchment. 

Harry turned over his paper, his heart thumping 
hard... Three rows to his right and four seats ahead, 
Hermione was already scribbling. . . He lowered his 
eyes to the first question: a) Give the incantation, and 
b) describe the wand movement required to make 
objects fly... 

Harry had a fleeting memory of a club soaring high 
into the air and landing loudly on the thick skull of a 
troll... Smiling slightly, he bent over the paper and 
began to write... 



  909Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, it wasnt too bad, was it? asked Hermione 
anxiously in the entrance hall two hours later, still 
clutching the exam paper. Im not sure I did myself 
justice on Cheering Charms, I just ran out of time  
did you put in the countercharm for hiccups? I wasnt 
sure whether I ought to, it felt like too much  and 
on question twentythree   

Hermione, said Ron sternly, weve been through 
this before... Were not going through every exam 
afterward, its bad enough doing them once. 

The fifth years ate lunch with the rest of the school 
(the four House tables reappeared over the lunch 
hour) and then trooped off into the small chamber 
beside the Great Hall, where they were to wait until 
called for their practical examination. As small groups 
of students were called forward in alphabetical order, 
those left behind muttered incantations and practiced 
wand movements, occasionally poking one another in 
the back or eye by mistake. 

Hermiones name was called. Trembling, she left the 
chamber with Anthony Goldstein, Gregory Goyle, and 
Daphne Greengrass. Students who had already been 
tested did not return afterward, so Harry and Ron 
had no idea how Hermione had done. 

Shell be fine  remember she got a hundred and 
twelve percent on one of our Charms tests? said Ron. 

Ten minutes later, Professor Flitwick called, 
Parkinson, Pansy  Patil, Padma  Patil, Parvati  
Potter, Harry. 

Good luck, said Ron quietly. Harry walked into the 
Great Hall, clutching his wand so tightly his hand 
shook. 



  910Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Professor Tofty is free, Potter, squeaked Professor 
Flitwick, who was standing just inside the door. He 
pointed Harry toward what looked like the very oldest 
and baldest examiner, who was sitting behind a small 
table in a far corner, a short distance from Professor 
Marchbanks, who was halfway through testing Draco 
Malfoy. 

Potter, is it? said Professor Tofty, consulting his 
notes and peering over his pincenez at Harry as he 
approached. The famous Potter? 

Out of the corner of his eye, Harry distinctly saw 
Malfoy throw a scathing look over at him; the wine 
glass Malfoy had been levitating fell to the floor and 
smashed. Harry could not suppress a grin. Professor 
Tofty smiled back at him encouragingly. 

Thats it, he said in his quavery old voice, no need 
to be nervous... Now, if I could ask you to take this 
eggcup and make it do some cartwheels for me... 

On the whole Harry thought it went rather well; his 
Levitation Charm was certainly much better than 
Malfoys had been, though he wished he had not 
mixed up the incantations for Color Change and 
Growth Charms, so that the rat he was supposed to 
be turning orange swelled shockingly and was the size 
of a badger before Harry could rectify his mistake. He 
was glad Hermione had not been in the Hall at the 
time and neglected to mention it to her afterward. He 
could tell Ron, though; Ron had caused a dinner plate 
to mutate into a large mushroom and had no idea 
how it had happened. 

There was no time to relax that night  they went 
straight to the common room after dinner and 
submerged themselves in studying for Transfiguration 



  911Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




next day. Harry went to bed, his head buzzing with 
complex spell models and theories. 

He forgot the definition of a Switching Spell during his 
written exam next morning, but thought his practical 
could have been a lot worse. At least he managed to 
vanish the whole of his iguana, whereas poor Hannah 
Abbott lost her head completely at the next table and 
somehow managed to multiply her ferret into a flock 
of flamingos, causing the examination to be halted for 
ten minutes while the birds were captured and 
carried out of the Hall. 

They had their Herbology exam on Wednesday (other 
than a small bite from a Fanged Geranium, Harry felt 
he had done reasonably well) and then, on Thursday, 
Defense Against the Dark Arts. Here, for the first 
time, Harry felt sure he had passed. He had no 
problem with any of the written questions and took 
particular pleasure, during the practical examination, 
in performing all the counterjinxes and defensive 
spells right in front of Umbridge, who was watching 
coolly from near the doors into the entrance hall. 

Oh bravo! cried Professor Tofty, who was examining 
Harry again, when Harry demonstrated a perfect 
boggart banishing spell. Very good indeed! Well, I 
think thats all, Potter ... unless ... 

He leaned forward a little. 

I heard, from my dear friend Tiberius Ogden, that 
you can produce a Patronus? For a bonus point ... ? 

Harry raised his wand, looked directly at Umbridge, 
and imagined her being sacked. 

Expecto Patronum). 



  912Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The silver stag erupted from the end of his wand and 
cantered the length of the hall. All of the examiners 
looked around to watch its progress and when it 
dissolved into silver mist, Professor Tofty clapped his 
veined and knotted hands enthusiastically. 

Excellent! he said. Very well, Potter, you may go! 

As Harry passed Umbridge beside the door their eyes 
met. There was a nasty smile playing around her 
wide, slack mouth, but he did not care. Unless he was 
very much mistaken (and he was not planning on 
saying it to anybody, in case he was), he had just 
achieved an Outstanding O.W.L. 

On Friday, Harry and Ron had a day off while 
Hermione sat her Ancient Runes exam, and as they 
had the whole weekend in front of them, they 
permitted themselves a break from studying. They 
stretched and yawned beside the open window, 
through which warm summer air wafted over them as 
they played a desultory game of wizard chess. Harry 
could see Hagrid in the distance, teaching a class on 
the edge of the forest. He was trying to guess what 
creatures they were examining  he thought it must 
be unicorns, because the boys seemed to be standing 
back a little  when the portrait hole opened and 
Hermione clambered in, looking thoroughly bad 
tempered. 

How were the runes? said Ron, yawning and 
stretching. 

I mistranslated ehwaz,  said Hermione furiously. It 
means partnership, not defense, I mixed it up with 
eihwaz.  

Ah well, said Ron lazily, thats only one mistake, 
isnt it, youll still get   

  913Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Oh shut up, said Hermione angrily, it could be the 
one mistake that makes the difference between a pass 
and a fail. And whats more, someones put another 
niffler in Umbridges office, I dont know how they got 
it through that new door, but I just walked past there 
and Umbridge is shrieking her head off  by the 
sound of it, it tried to take a chunk out of her leg   

Good, said Harry and Ron together. 

It is not good! said Hermione hotly. She thinks its 
Hagrid doing it, remember? And we do not want 
Hagrid chucked out! 

Hes teaching at the moment, she cant blame him, 
said Harry, gesturing out of the window. 

Oh, youre so naive sometimes, Harry, you really 
think Umbridge will wait for proof? said Hermione, 
who seemed determined to be in a towering temper, 
and she swept off toward the girls dormitories, 
banging the door behind her. 

Such a lovely, sweettempered girl, said Ron, very 
quietly, prodding his queen forward so that she could 
begin beating up one of Harrys knights. 

Hermione s bad mood persisted for most of the 
weekend, though Harry and Ron found it quite easy 
to ignore as they spent most of Saturday and Sunday 
studying for Potions on Monday, the exam to which 
Harry was looking forward least and which he was 
sure would be the one that would be the downfall of 
his ambitions to become an Auror. Sure enough, he 
found the written exam difficult, though he thought 
he might have got full marks on the question about 
Polyjuice Potion: He could describe its effects 
extremely accurately, having taken it illegally in his 
second year. 

  914Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The afternoon practical was not as dreadful as he had 
expected it to be. With Snape absent from the 
proceedings he found that he was much more relaxed 
than he usually was while making potions. Neville, 
who was sitting very near Harry, also looked happier 
than Harry had ever seen him during a Potions class. 
When Professor Marchbanks said, Step away from 
your cauldrons, please, the examination is over, 
Harry corked his sample flask feeling that he might 
not have achieved a good grade but that he had, with 
luck, avoided a fail. 

Only four exams left, said Parvati Patil wearily as 
they headed back to Gryffindor common room. 

Only! said Hermione snappishly. Ive got 
Arithmancy and its probably the toughest subject 
there is! 

Nobody was foolish enough to snap back, so she was 
unable to vent her spleen on any of them and was 
reduced to telling off some first years for giggling too 
loudly in the common room. 

Harry was determined to perform well in Tuesdays 
Care of Magical Creatures exam so as not to let 
Hagrid down. The practical examination took place in 
the afternoon on the lawn on the edge of the 
Forbidden Forest, where students were required to 
correctly identify the knarl hidden among a dozen 
hedgehogs (the trick was to offer them all milk in 
turn: knarls, highly suspicious creatures whose quills 
had many magical properties, generally went berserk 
at what they saw as an attempt to poison them); then 
demonstrate correct handling of a bowtruckle, feed 
and clean a firecrab without sustaining serious 
burns, and choose, from a wide selection of food, the 
diet they would give a sick unicorn. 



  915Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry could see Hagrid watching anxiously out of his 
cabin window. When Harrys examiner, a plump little 
witch this time, smiled at him and told him he could 
leave, Harry gave Hagrid a fleeting thumbsup before 
heading back up to the castle. 

The Astronomy theory exam on Wednesday morning 
went well enough; Harry was not convinced he had 
got the names of all of Jupiters moons right, but was 
at least confident that none of them was inhabited by 
mice. They had to wait until evening for their practical 
Astronomy; the afternoon was devoted instead to 
Divination. 

Even by Harrys low standards in Divination, the 
exam went very badly. He might as well have tried to 
see moving pictures in the desktop as in the 
stubbornly blank crystal ball; he lost his head 
completely during tealeaf reading, saying it looked to 
him as though Professor Marchbanks would shortly 
be meeting a round, dark, soggy stranger, and 
rounded off the whole fiasco by mixing up the life and 
head lines on her palm and informing her that she 
ought to have died the previous Tuesday. 

Well, we were always going to fail that one, said Ron 
gloomily as they ascended the marble staircase. He 
had just made Harry feel rather better by telling him 
how he told the examiner in detail about the ugly 
man with a wart on his nose in his crystal ball, only 
to look up and realize he had been describing his 
examiners reflection. 

We shouldnt have taken the stupid subject in the 
first place, said Harry. 

Still, at least we can give it up now. 



  916Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, said Harry. No more pretending we care what 
happens when Jupiter and Uranus get too friendly ... 

And from now on, I dont care if my tea leaves spell 
die, Ron, die  Im just chucking them in the bin 
where they belong. 

Harry laughed just as Hermione came running up 
behind them. He stopped laughing at once, in case it 
annoyed her. 

Well, I think Ive done all right in Arithmancy, she 
said, and Harry and Ron both sighed with relief. Just 
time for a quick look over our star charts before 
dinner, then ... 

When they reached the top of the Astronomy Tower at 
eleven oclock they found a perfect night for 
stargazing, cloudless and still. The grounds were 
bathed in silvery moonlight, and there was a slight 
chill in the air. Each of them set up his or her 
telescope and, when Professor Marchbanks gave the 
word, proceeded to fill in the blank star chart he or 
she had been given. 

Professors Marchbanks and Tofty strolled among 
them, watching as they entered the precise positions 
of the stars and planets they were observing. All was 
quiet except for the rustle of parchment, the 
occasional creak of a telescope as it was adjusted on 
its stand, and the scribbling of many quills. Half an 
hour passed, then an hour; the little squares of 
reflected gold light flickering on the ground below 
started to vanish as lights in the castle windows were 
extinguished. 

As Harry completed the constellation Orion on his 
chart, however, the front doors of the castle opened 
directly below the parapet where he was standing, so 

  917Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




that light spilled down the stone steps a little way 
across the lawn. Harry glanced down as he made a 
slight adjustment to the position of his telescope and 
saw five or six elongated shadows moving over the 
brightly lit grass before the doors swung shut and the 
lawn became a sea of darkness once more. 

Harry put his eye back to his telescope and refocused 
it, now examining Venus. He looked down at his chart 
to enter the planet there, but something distracted 
him. Pausing with his quill suspended over the 
parchment, he squinted down into the shadowy 
grounds and saw half a dozen figures walking over 
the lawn. If they had not been moving, and the 
moonlight had not been gilding the tops of their 
heads, they would have been indistinguishable from 
the dark ground on which they stood. Even at this 
distance, Harry had a funny feeling that he 
recognized the walk of the squattest among them, 
who seemed to be leading the group. 

He could not think why Umbridge would be taking a 
stroll outside past midnight, much less accompanied 
by five others. Then somebody coughed behind him, 
and he remembered that he was halfway through an 
exam. He had quite forgotten Venuss position  
jamming his eye to his telescope, he found it again 
and was again on the point of entering it on his chart 
when, alert for any odd sound, he heard a distant 
knock that echoed through the deserted grounds, 
followed immediately by the muffled barking of a large 
dog. 

He looked up, his heart hammering. There were lights 
on in Hagrids windows and the people he had 
observed crossing the lawn were now silhouetted 
against them. The door opened and he distinctly saw 
six tiny but sharply defined figures walk over the 



  918Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




threshold. The door closed again and there was 
silence. 

Harry felt very uneasy. He glanced around to see 
whether Ron or Hermione had noticed what he had, 
but Professor Marchbanks came walking behind him 
at that moment, and not wanting to appear as though 
he was sneaking looks at anyone elses work, he 
hastily bent over his star chart and pretended to be 
adding notes to it while really peering over the top of 
the parapet toward Hagrids cabin. Figures were now 
moving across the cabin windows, temporarily 
blocking the light. 

He could feel Professor Marchbankss eyes on the 
back of his neck and pressed his eye again to his 
telescope, staring up at the moon though he had 
marked its position an hour ago, but as Professor 
Marchbanks moved on he heard a roar from the 
distant cabin that echoed through the darkness right 
to the top of the Astronomy Tower. Several of the 
people around Harry ducked out from behind their 
telescopes and peered instead in the direction of 
Hagrids cabin. 

Professor Tofty gave another dry little cough. 

Try and concentrate, now, boys and girls, he said 
softly. 

Most people returned to their telescopes. Harry looked 
to his left. Hermione was gazing transfixed at 
Hagrids. 

Ahem  twenty minutes to go, said Professor Tofty. 

Hermione jumped and returned at once to her star 
chart; Harry looked down at his own and noticed that 



  919Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




he had mislabelled Venus as Mars. He bent to correct 
it. 

There was a loud BANG from the grounds. Several 
people said Ouch! as they poked themselves in the 
face with the ends of their telescopes, hastening to 
see what was going on below. 

Hagrids door had burst open and by the light flooding 
out of the cabin they saw him quite clearly, a massive 
figure roaring and brandishing his fists, surrounded 
by six people, all of whom, judging by the tiny threads 
of red light they were casting in his direction, seemed 
to be attempting to Stun him. 

No! cried Hermione. 

My dear! said Professor Tofty in a scandalized voice. 
This is an examination! 

But nobody was paying the slightest attention to their 
star charts anymore: Jets of red light were still flying 
beside Hagrids cabin, yet somehow they seemed to be 
bouncing off him. He was still upright and still, as far 
as Harry could see, fighting. Cries and yells echoed 
across the grounds; a man yelled, Be reasonable, 
Hagrid! and Hagrid roared, Reasonable be damned, 
yeh won take me like this, Dawlish! 

Harry could see the tiny outline of Fang, attempting 
to defend Hagrid, leaping at the wizards surrounding 
him until a Stunning Spell caught him and he fell to 
the ground. Hagrid gave a howl of fury, lifted the 
culprit bodily from the ground, and threw him: The 
man flew what looked like ten feet and did not get up 
again. Hermione gasped, both hands over her mouth; 
Harry looked around at Ron and saw that he too was 
looking scared. None of them had ever seen Hagrid in 
a real temper before... 

  920Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Look! squealed Parvati, who was leaning over the 
parapet and pointing to the foot of the castle where 
the front doors seemed to have opened again; more 
light had spilled out onto the dark lawn and a single 
long black shadow was now rippling across the lawn. 

Now, really! said Professor Tofty anxiously. Only 
sixteen minutes left, you know! 

But nobody paid him the slightest attention: They 
were watching the person now sprinting toward the 
battle beside Hagrids cabin. 

How dare you! the figure shouted as she ran. How 
dare you! 

Its McGonagall! whispered Hermione. 

Leave him alone! Alone, I say! said Professor 
McGonagalls voice through the darkness. On what 
grounds are you attacking him? He has done nothing, 
nothing to warrant such   

Hermione, Parvati, and Lavender all screamed. No 
fewer than four Stunners had shot from the figures 
around the cabin toward Professor McGonagall. 
Halfway between cabin and castle the red beams 
collided with her. For a moment she looked luminous, 
illuminated by an eerie red glow, then was lifted right 
off her feet, landed hard on her back, and moved no 
more. 

Galloping gargoyles! shouted Professor Tofty, who 
seemed to have forgotten the exam completely. Not 
so much as a warning! Outrageous behavior! 

COWARDS! bellowed Hagrid, his voice carrying 
clearly to the top of the tower, and several lights 



  921Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




flickered back on inside the castle. RUDDY 
COWARDS! HAVE SOME O THAT  AN THAT   

Oh my   gasped Hermione. 

Hagrid took two massive swipes at his closest 
attackers; judging by their immediate collapse, they 
had been knocked cold. Harry saw him double over 
and thought for a moment that he had finally been 
overcome by a spell, but on the contrary, next 
moment Hagrid was standing again with what 
appeared to be a sack on his back  then Harry 
realized that Fangs limp body was draped around his 
shoulders. 

Get him, get him! screamed Umbridge, but her 
remaining helper seemed highly reluctant to go within 
reach of Hagrid s fists. Indeed, he was backing away 
so fast he tripped over one of his unconscious 
colleagues and fell over. Hagrid had turned and 
begun to run with Fang still hung around his neck; 
Umbridge sent one last Stunning Spell after him but 
it missed, and Hagrid, running fullpelt toward the 
distant gates, disappeared into the darkness. 

There was a long minutes quivering silence, 
everybody gazing openmouthed into the grounds. 
Then Professor Toftys voice said feebly, Um ... five 
minutes to go, everybody ... 

Though he had only filled in twothirds of his chart, 
Harry was desperate for the end of the exam. When it 
came at last he, Ron, and Hermione forced their 
telescopes haphazardly back into their holders and 
dashed back down the spiral staircase. None of the 
students were going to bed  they were all talking 
loudly and excitedly at the foot of the stairs about 
what they had witnessed. 



  922Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




That evil woman! gasped Hermione, who seemed to 
be having difficulty talking due to rage. Trying to 
sneak up on Hagrid in the dead of night! 

She clearly wanted to avoid another scene like 
Trelawneys, said Ernie Macmillan sagely, squeezing 
over to join them. 

Hagrid did well, didnt he? said Ron, who looked 
more alarmed than impressed. How come all the 
spells bounced off him? 

Itll be his giant blood, said Hermione shakily. Its 
very hard to Stun a giant, theyre like trolls, really 
tough... But poor Professor McGonagall... Four 
Stunners straight in the chest, and shes not exactly 
young, is she? 

Dreadful, dreadful, said Ernie, shaking his head 
pompously. Well, Im off to bed... Night, all ... 

People around them were drifting away, still talking 
excitedly about what they had just seen. 

At least they didnt get to take Hagrid off to 
Azkaban, said Ron. I spect hes gone to join 
Dumbledore, hasnt he? 

I suppose so, said Hermione, who looked tearful. 
Oh, this is awful, I really thought Dumbledore would 
be back before long, but now weve lost Hagrid too... 

They traipsed back to the Gryffindor common room to 
find it full. The commotion out in the grounds had 
woken several people, who had hastened to rouse 
their friends. Seamus and Dean, who had arrived 
ahead of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, were now telling 
everyone what they had heard from the top of the 
Astronomy Tower. 

  923Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But why sack Hagrid now? asked Angelina Johnson, 
shaking her head. Its not like Trelawney, hes been 
teaching much better than usual this year! 

Umbridge hates parthumans, said Hermione 
bitterly, flopping down into an armchair. She was 
always going to try and get Hagrid out. 

And she thought Hagrid was putting nifflers in her 
office, piped up Katie Bell. 

Oh blimey, said Lee Jordan, covering his mouth. 

Its mes been putting the nifflers in her office, Fred 
and George left me a couple, Ive been levitating them 
in through her window... 

Shed have sacked him anyway, said Dean. He was 
too close to Dumbledore. 

Thats true, said Harry, sinking into an armchair 
beside Hermione s. 

I just hope Professor McGonagalls all right, said 
Lavender tearfully. 

They carried her back up to the castle, we watched 
through the dormitory window, said Colin Creevey. 
She didnt look very well... 

Madam Pomfrey will sort her out, said Alicia 
Spinnet firmly. Shes never failed yet. 

It was nearly four in the morning before the common 
room cleared. Harry felt wide awake  the image of 
Hagrid sprinting away into the dark was haunting 
him. He was so angry with Umbridge he could not 
think of a punishment bad enough for her, though 
Rons suggestion of having her fed to a box of starving 
BlastEnded Skrewts had its merits. He fell asleep 
  924Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




contemplating hideous revenges and arose from bed 
three hours later feeling distinctly unrested. 



Their final exam, History of Magic, was not to take 
place until that afternoon. Harry would very much 
have liked to go back to bed after breakfast, but he 
had been counting on the morning for a spot of last 
minute studying, so instead he sat with his head in 
his hands by the common room window, trying hard 
not to doze off as he read through some of the notes 
stacked threeandahalf feet high that Hermione had 
lent him. 

The fifth years entered the Great Hall at two oclock 
and took their places in front of their overturned 
examination papers. Harry felt exhausted. He just 
wanted this to be over so that he could go and sleep. 
Then tomorrow, he and Ron were going to go down to 
the Quidditch pitch  he was going to have a fly on 
Rons broom and savor their freedom from studying... 

Turn over your papers, said Professor Marchbanks 
from the front of the Hall, flicking over the giant 
hourglass. You may begin... 

Harry stared fixedly at the first question. It was 
several seconds before it occurred to him that he had 
not taken in a word of it; there was a wasp buzzing 
distractingly against one of the high windows. Slowly, 
tortuously, he began to write an answer. 

He was finding it very difficult to remember names 
and kept confusing dates. He simply skipped question 
four: In your opinion, did wand legislation contribute 
to, or lead to better control of, goblin riots of the 
eighteenth century? thinking that he would go back to 
it if he had time at the end. He had a stab at question 
five: How was the Statute of Secrecy breached in 1 749 
and what measures were introduced to prevent a 
  925Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




recurrence? but had a nagging suspicion that he had 
missed several important points. He had a feeling 
vampires had come into the story somewhere... 

He looked ahead for a question he could definitely 
answer and his eyes alighted upon number ten. 

Describe the circumstances that led to the Formation 
of the International Confederation of Wizards and 
explain why the warlocks of Liechtenstein refused to 
join. 

I know this, Harry thought, though his brain felt 
torpid and slack. He could visualize a heading, in 
Hermiones handwriting: The Formation of the 
International Confederation of Wizards. . . He had read 
these notes only this morning... 

He began to write, looking up now and again to check 
the large hourglass on the desk beside Professor 
Marchbanks. He was sitting right behind Parvati 
Patil, whose long dark hair fell below the back of her 
chair. Once or twice he found himself staring at the 
tiny golden lights that glistened in it when she moved 
her head very slightly and had to give his own head a 
little shake to clear it. 

... the first Supreme Mugwump of the International 
Confederation of Wizards was Pierre Bonaccord, but 
his appointment was contested by the Wizarding 
community of Liechtenstein, because  

All around Harry quills were scratching on parchment 
like scurrying, burrowing rats. The sun was very hot 
on the back of his head. What was it that Bonaccord 
had done to offend the wizards of Liechtenstein? 

Harry had a feeling it had something to do with 
trolls... He gazed blankly at the back of Parvati s head 
again. If he could only perform Legilimency and open 
  926Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




a window in the back of her head and see what it was 
about trolls that had caused the breach between 
Pierre Bonaccord and Liechtenstein... 



Harry closed his eyes and buried his face in his 
hands, so that the glowing red of his eyelids grew 
dark and cool. Bonaccord had wanted to stop troll 
hunting and give the trolls rights . . . but Liechtenstein 
was having problems with a tribe of particularly 
vicious mountain trolls... That was it... 

He opened his eyes; they stung and watered at the 
sight of the blazing white parchment. Slowly he wrote 
two lines about the trolls then read through what he 
had done so far. It did not seem very informative or 
detailed, yet he was sure Hermiones notes on the 
confederation had gone on for s and s... 

He closed his eyes again, trying to see them, trying to 
remember. . . The confederation had met for the first 
time in France, yes, he had written that already... 

Goblins had tried to attend and been ousted... He had 
written that too... 

And nobody from Liechtenstein had wanted to come 



Think, he told himself, his face in his hands, while all 
around him quills scratched out neverending 
answers and the sand trickled through the hourglass 
at the front... 

He was walking along the cool, dark corridor to the 
Department of Mysteries again, walking with a firm 
and purposeful tread, breaking occasionally into a 
run, determined to reach his destination at last... The 
black door swung open for him as usual, and here he 
was in the circular room with its many doors... 

  927Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Straight across the stone floor and through the 
second door . . . patches of dancing light on the walls 
and floor and that odd mechanical clicking, but no 
time to explore, he must hurry... 

He jogged the last few feet to the third door, which 
swung open just like the others... 

Once again he was in the cathedralsized room full of 
shelves and glass spheres... His heart was beating 
very fast now... He was going to get there this time... 
When he reached number ninetyseven he turned left 
and hurried along the aisle between two rows... 

But there was a shape on the floor at the very end, a 
black shape moving upon the floor like a wounded 
animal... Harrys stomach contracted with fear ... with 
excitement... 

A voice issued from his own mouth, a high, cold voice 
empty of any human kindness, Take it for me... Lift it 
down, now... I cannot touch it ... but you can... 

The black shape upon the floor shifted a little. Harry 
saw a longfingered white hand clutching a wand rise 
on the end of his own arm . . . heard the high, cold 
voice say,  Cruciol  

The man on the floor let out a scream of pain, 
attempted to stand but fell back, writhing. Harry was 
laughing. He raised his wand, the curse lifted, and 
the figure groaned and became motionless. 

Lord Voldemort is waiting... 

Very slowly, his arms trembling, the man on the 
ground raised his shoulders a few inches and lifted 
his head. His face was bloodstained and gaunt, 
twisted in pain yet rigid with defiance... 

  928Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Youll have to kill me, whispered Sirius. 

Undoubtedly I shall in the end, said the cold voice. 
But you will fetch it for me first, Black... You think 
you have felt pain thus far? Think again... We have 
hours ahead of us and nobody to hear you scream... 

But somebody screamed as Voldemort lowered his 
wand again; somebody yelled and fell sideways off a 
hot desk onto the cold stone floor. Harry hit the 
ground and awoke, still yelling, his scar on fire, as the 
Great Hall erupted all around him. 



  929Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






OUT OF THE FIRE 

Im not going... I dont need the hospital wing... I 
dont want ... 

He was gibbering, trying to pull away from Professor 
Tofty, who was looking at him with much concern, 
and who had just helped Harry out into the entrance 
hall while the students all around them stared. 

Im  Im fine, sir, Harry stammered, wiping the 
sweat from his face. Really ... I just fell asleep... Had 
a nightmare ... 

Pressure of examinations! said the old wizard 
sympathetically, patting Harry shakily on the 
shoulder. It happens, young man, it happens! Now, a 
cooling drink of water, and perhaps you will be ready 
to return to the Great Hall? The examination is nearly 
over, but you may be able to round off your last 
answer nicely? 

Yes, said Harry wildly. I mean ... no ... Ive done  
done as much as I can, I think... 

  930Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Very well, very well, said the old wizard gently. I 
shall go and collect your examination paper, and I 
suggest that you go and have a nice lie down... 

Ill do that, said Harry, nodding vigorously. Thanks 
very much. 

He waited for the second when the old mans heels 
disappeared over the threshold into the Great Hall, 
then ran up the marble staircase and then more 
staircases toward the hospital wing, hurtling along 
the corridors so fast that the portraits he passed 
muttered reproaches, and burst through the double 
doors like a hurricane, causing Madam Pomfrey, who 
had been spooning some bright blue liquid into 
Montagues open mouth, to shriek in alarm. 

Potter, what do you think youre doing? 

I need to see Professor McGonagall, gasped Harry, 
the breath tearing his lungs. Now ... Its urgent... 

Shes not here, Potter, said Madam Pomfrey sadly. 
She was transferred to St. Mungos this morning. 
Four Stunning Spells straight to the chest at her age? 
Its a wonder they didnt kill her. 

Shes ... gone? said Harry, stunned. 

The bell rang just outside the dormitory, and he 
heard the usual distant rumbling of students starting 
to flood out into the corridors above and below him. 
He remained quite still, looking at Madam Pomfrey. 
Terror was rising inside him. 

There was nobody left to tell. Dumbledore had gone, 
Hagrid had gone, but he had always expected 
Professor McGonagall to be there, irascible and 



  931Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




inflexible, perhaps, but always dependably, solidly 
present... 

I dont wonder youre shocked, Potter, said Madam 
Pomfrey with a kind of fierce approval in her face. As 
if one of them could have Stunned Minerva 
McGonagall face on by daylight! Cowardice, thats 
what it was... Despicable cowardice ... If I wasnt 
worried what would happen to you students without 
me, Id resign in protest... 

Yes, said Harry blankly. 

He strode blindly from the hospital wing into the 
teeming corridor where he stood, buffeted by the 
crowd, the panic expanding inside him like poison gas 
so that his head swam and he could not think what to 
do... 

Ron and Hermione, said a voice in his head. 

He was running again, pushing students out of the 
way, oblivious to their angry protests and shouts. He 
sprinted back down two floors and was at the top of 
the marble staircase when he saw them hurrying 
toward him. 

Harry! said Hermione at once, looking very 
frightened. What happened? Are you all right? Are 
you ill? 

Where have you been? demanded Ron. 

Come with me, Harry said quickly. Come on, Ive 
got to tell you something... 

He led them along the firstfloor corridor, peering 
through doorways, and at last found an empty 
classroom into which he dived, closing the door 

  932Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




behind Ron and Hermione the moment they were 
inside and leaning against it, facing them. 

Voldemorts got Sirius. 

What? 

How dyou  ? 

Saw it. Just now. When I fell asleep in the exam. 

But  but where? How? said Hermione, whose face 
was white. 

I dunno how, said Harry. But I know exactly where. 
Theres a room in the Department of Mysteries full of 
shelves covered in these little glass balls, and theyre 
at the end of row ninetyseven ... Hes trying to use 
Sirius to get whatever it is he wants from in there... 
Hes torturing him... Says hell end by killing him ... 

Harry found his voice was shaking, as were his knees. 
He moved over to a desk and sat down on it, trying to 
master himself. 

Howre we going to get there? he asked them. 

There was a moments silence. Then Ron said, Gget 
there? 

Get to the Department of Mysteries, so we can rescue 
Sirius! Harry said loudly. 

But  Harry ... said Ron weakly. 

What? What? said Harry. 



  933Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He could not understand why they were both gaping 
at him as though he was asking them something 
unreasonable. 

Harry, said Hermione in a rather frightened voice, 

er . . . how . . . how did Voldemort get into the Ministry 
of Magic without anybody realizing he was there? 

How do I know? bellowed Harry. The question is 
how were going to get in there! 

But ... Harry, think about this, said Hermione, 
taking a step toward him, its five oclock in the 
afternoon... The Ministry of Magic must be full of 
workers... How would Voldemort and Sirius have got 
in without being seen? Harry . . . theyre probably the 
two most wanted wizards in the world... You think 
they could get into a building full of Aurors 
undetected? 

I dunno, Voldemort used an Invisibility Cloak or 
something! Harry shouted. Anyway, the Department 
of Mysteries has always been completely empty 
whenever Ive been   

Youve never been there, Harry, said Hermione 
quietly. Youve dreamed about the place, thats all. 

Theyre not normal dreams! Harry shouted in her 
face, standing up and taking a step closer to her in 
turn. He wanted to shake her. How dyou explain 
Rons dad then, what was all that about, how come I 
knew what had happened to him? 

Hes got a point, said Ron quietly, looking at 
Hermione. 

But this is just  just so unlikely\ said Hermione 
desperately. Harry, how on earth could Voldemort 

  934Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




have got hold of Sirius when hes been in Grimmauld 
Place all the time? 

Sirius mightve cracked and just wanted some fresh 
air, said Ron, sounding worried. Hes been 
desperate to get out of that house for ages   

But why, Hermione persisted, why on earth would 
Voldemort want to use Sirius to get the weapon, or 
whatever the thing is? 

I dunno, there could be loads of reasons! Harry 
yelled at her. Maybe Sirius is just someone 
Voldemort doesnt care about seeing hurt   

You know what, Ive just thought of something, said 
Ron in a hushed voice. Siriuss brother was a Death 
Eater, wasnt he? Maybe he told Sirius the secret of 
how to get the weapon! 

Yeah  and thats why Dumbledores been so keen 
to keep Sirius locked up all the time! said Harry. 

Look, Im sorry, cried Hermione, but neither of you 
are making sense, and weve got no proof for any of 
this, no proof Voldemort and Sirius are even there   

Hermione, Harrys seen them! said Ron, rounding 
on her. 

Okay, she said, looking frightened yet determined, 
Ive just got to say this... 

What? 

You ... This isnt a criticism, Harry! But you do ... 
sort of ... I mean  dont you think youve got a bit of 
a  a  savingpeoplething? she said. 



  935Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He glared at her. And whats that supposed to mean, 
a savingpeoplething? 

Well ... you ... She looked more apprehensive than 
ever. I mean . . . last year, for instance ... in the lake 
... during the Tournament ... you shouldnt have ... I 
mean, you didnt need to save that little Delacour 
girl... You got a bit ... carried away ... 

A wave of hot, prickly anger swept Harrys body  
how could she remind him of that blunder now? 

"... I mean, it was really great of you and everything, 
said Hermione quickly, looking positively petrified at 
the look on Harrys face. Everyone thought it was a 
wonderful thing to do   

Thats funny, said Harry in a trembling voice, 
because I definitely remember Ron saying Id wasted 
time acting the hero... Is that what you think this is? 
You reckon I want to act the hero again? 

No, no, no! said Hermione, looking aghast. Thats 
not what I mean at all! 

Well, spit out what youve got to say, because were 
wasting time here! Harry shouted. 

Im trying to say  Voldemort knows you, Harry! He 
took Ginny down into the Chamber of Secrets to lure 
you there, its the kind of thing he does, he knows 
youre the  the sort of person whod go to Siriuss 
aid! What if hes just trying to get you into the 
Department of Myst  ? 

Hermione, it doesnt matter if hes done it to get me 
there or not  theyve taken McGonagall to St. 
Mungos, there isnt anyone left from the Order at 



  936Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hogwarts who we can tell, and if we dont go, Sirius is 
dead! 



But Harry  what if your dream was  was just 
that, a dream? 

Harry let out a roar of frustration. Hermione actually 
stepped back from him, looking alarmed. 

You dont get it! Harry shouted at her. Im not 
having nightmares, Im not just dreaming! What dyou 
think all the Occlumency was for, why dyou think 
Dumbledore wanted me prevented from seeing these 
things? Because theyre REAL, Hermione  Sirius is 
trapped  Ive seen him  Voldemorts got him, and 
no one else knows, and that means were the only 
ones who can save him, and if you dont want to do it, 
fine, but Im going, understand? And if I remember 
rightly, you didnt have a problem with my saving  
peoplething when it was you I was saving from the 
dementors, or  he rounded on Ron  when it was 
your sister I was saving from the basilisk   

I never said I had a problem! said Ron heatedly. 

But Harry, youve just said it, said Hermione 
fiercely. Dumbledore wanted you to learn to shut 
these things out of your mind, if youd done 
Occlumency properly youd never have seen this   

IF YOU THINK IM JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I 
HAVEN T SEEN   

Sirius told you there was nothing more important 
than you learning to close your mind! 

WELL, I EXPECT HED SAY SOMETHING 
DIFFERENT IF HE KNEW WHAT ID JUST   

  937Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The classroom door opened. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione whipped around. Ginny walked in, looking 
curious, followed by Luna, who as usual looked as 
though she had drifted in accidentally. 

Hi, said Ginny uncertainly. We recognized Harrys 
voice  what are you yelling about? 

Never you mind, said Harry roughly. 

Ginny raised her eyebrows. 

Theres no need to take that tone with me, she said 
coolly. I was only wondering whether I could help. 

Well, you cant, said Harry shortly. 

Youre being rather rude, you know, said Luna 
serenely. 

Harry swore and turned away. The very last thing he 
wanted now was a conversation with Luna Lovegood. 

Wait, said Hermione suddenly. Wait ... Harry, they 
can help. 

Harry and Ron looked at her. 

Listen, she said urgently, Harry, we need to 
establish whether Sirius really has left headquarters 



Ive told you, I saw   

Harry, Im begging you, please! said Hermione 
desperately. Please lets just check that Sirius isnt at 
home before we go charging off to London  if we find 
out hes not there then I swear I wont try and stop 



  938Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




you, Ill come, Ill ddo whatever it takes to try and 
save him   

Sirius is being tortured NOW! shouted Harry. We 
havent got time to waste   

But if this is a trick of VVoldemorts  Harry, weve 
got to check, weve got to   

How? Harry demanded. Howre we going to check? 

Well have to use Umbridges fire and see if we can 
contact him, said Hermione, who looked positively 
terrified at the thought. Well draw Umbridge away 
again, but well need lookouts, and thats where we 
can use Ginny and Luna. 

Though clearly struggling to understand what was 
going on, Ginny said immediately, Yeah, well do it, 
and Luna said, When you say Sirius, are you 
talking about Stubby Boardman? 

Nobody answered her. 

Okay, Harry said aggressively to Hermione, Okay, if 
you can think of a way of doing this quickly, Im with 
you, otherwise Im going to the Department of 
Mysteries right now   

The Department of Mysteries? said Luna, looking 
mildly surprised. But how are you going to get 
there? 

Again, Harry ignored her. 

Right, said Hermione, twisting her hands together 
and pacing up and down between the desks. Right ... 
well ... One of us has to go and find Umbridge and  
and send her off in the wrong direction, keep her 

  939Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




away from her office. They could tell her  I dont 
know  that Peeves is up to something awful as 
usual... 



Ill do it, said Ron at once. Ill tell her Peeves is 
smashing up the Transfiguration department or 
something, its miles away from her office. Come to 
think of it, I could probably persuade Peeves to do it if 
I met him on the way... 

It was a mark of the seriousness of the situation that 
Hermione made no objection to the smashing up of 
the Transfiguration department. 

Okay, she said, her brow furrowed as she continued 
to pace. Now, we need to keep students away from 
her office while we force entry, or some Slytherins 
bound to go and tip her off... 

Luna and I can stand at either end of the corridor, 
said Ginny promptly, and warn people not to go 
down there because someones let off a load of 
Garroting Gas. Hermione looked surprised at the 
readiness with which Ginny had come up with this 
lie. Ginny shrugged and said, Fred and George were 
planning to do it before they left. 

Okay, said Hermione, well then, Harry, you and I 
will be under the Invisibility Cloak, and well sneak 
into the office and you can talk to Sirius   

Hes not there, Hermione! 

I mean, you can  can check whether Sirius is at 
home or not while I keep watch, I dont think you 
should be in there alone, Lees already proved the 
windows a weak spot, sending those nifflers through 
it. 

  940Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Even through his anger and impatience Harry 
recognized Hermione s offer to accompany him into 
Umbridges office as a sign of solidarity and loyalty. 

I ... okay, thanks, he muttered. 

Right, well, even if we do all of that, I dont think 
were going to be able to bank on more than five 
minutes, said Hermione, looking relieved that Harry 
seemed to have accepted the plan, not with Filch and 
the wretched Inquisitorial Squad floating around. 

Five minutesll be enough, said Harry. Cmon, lets 
go 



Now? said Hermione, looking shocked. 

Of course now! said Harry angrily. What did you 
think, were going to wait until after dinner or 
something? Hermione, Sirius is being tortured right 
now\ 

I  oh all right, she said desperately. You go and 
get the Invisibility Cloak and well meet you at the end 
of Umbridges corridor, okay? 

Harry did not answer, but flung himself out of the 
room and began to fight his way through the milling 
crowds outside. Two floors up he met Seamus and 
Dean, who hailed him jovially and told him they were 
planning a dusktilldawn endofexams celebration 
in the common room. Harry barely heard them. He 
scrambled through the portrait hole while they were 
still arguing about how many blackmarket 
butterbeers they would need and was climbing back 
out of it, the Invisibility Cloak and Siriuss knife 
secure in his bag, before they noticed he had left 
them. 



  941Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry, dyou want to chip in a couple of Galleons? 
Harold Dingle reckons he could sell us some 
firewhisky... 

But Harry was already tearing away back along the 
corridor, and a couple of minutes later was jumping 
the last few stairs to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and 
Luna, who were huddled together at the end of 
Umbridges corridor. 

Got it, he panted. Ready to go, then? 

All right, whispered Hermione as a gang of loud 
sixth years passed them. So Ron  you go and head 
Umbridge off... Ginny, Luna, if you can start moving 
people out of the corridor. . . Harry and I will get the 
cloak on and wait until the coast is clear... 

Ron strode away, his bright red hair visible right to 
the end of the passage. Meanwhile, Ginnys equally 
vivid head bobbed between the jostling students 
surrounding them in the other direction, trailed by 
Lunas blonde one. 

Get over here, muttered Hermione, tugging at 
Harrys wrist and pulling him back into a recess 
where the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard stood 
muttering to itself on a column. Are  are you sure 
youre okay, Harry? Youre still very pale... 

Im fine, he said shortly, tugging the Invisibility 
Cloak from out of his bag. In truth, his scar was 
aching, but not so badly that he thought Voldemort 
had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow. It had hurt much 
worse than this when Voldemort had been punishing 
Avery. . . 



  942Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Here, he said. He threw the Invisibility Cloak over 
both of them and they stood listening carefully over 
the Latin mumblings of the bust in front of them. 

You cant come down here! Ginny was calling to the 
crowd. No, sorry, youre going to have to go round by 
the swiveling staircase, someones let off Garroting 
Gas just along here   

They could hear people complaining; one surly voice 
said, I cant see no gas ... 

Thats because its colorless, said Ginny in a 
convincingly exasperated voice, but if you want to 
walk through it, carry on, then well have your body 
as proof for the next idiot who didnt believe us... 

Slowly the crowd thinned. The news about the 
Garroting Gas seemed to have spread  people were 
not coming this way anymore. When at last the 
surrounding area was quite clear, Hermione said 
quietly, I think thats as good as were going to get, 
Harry  come on, lets do it. 

Together they moved forward, covered by the cloak. 
Luna was standing with her back to them at the far 
end of the corridor. As they passed Ginny, Hermione 
whispered, Good one ... dont forget the signal ... 

Whats the signal? muttered Harry, as they 
approached Umbridges door. 

A loud chorus of Weasley Is Our King if they see 
Umbridge coming, replied Hermione, as Harry 
inserted the blade of Siriuss knife in the crack 
between door and wall. The lock clicked open, and 
they entered the office. 



  943Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The garish kittens were basking in the late afternoon 
sunshine warming their plates, but otherwise the 
office was as still and empty as last time. Hermione 
breathed a sigh of relief. 

I thought she might have added extra security after 
the second niffler... 

They pulled off the cloak. Hermione hurried over to 
the window and stood out of sight, peering down into 
the grounds with her wand out. Harry dashed over to 
the fireplace, seized the pot of Floo powder, and threw 
a pinch into the grate, causing emerald flames to 
burst into life there. He knelt down quickly, thrust his 
head into the dancing fire, and cried, Number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place! 

His head began to spin as though he had just got off a 
fairground ride though his knees remained firmly 
planted upon the cold office floor. He kept his eyes 
screwed up against the whirling ash, and when the 
spinning stopped, he opened them to find himself 
looking out upon the long, cold kitchen of Grimmauld 
Place. 

There was nobody there. He had expected this, yet 
was not prepared for the molten wave of dread and 
panic that seemed to burst through his stomach floor 
at the sight of the deserted room. 

Sirius? he shouted. Sirius, are you there? 

His voice echoed around the room, but there was no 
answer except a tiny scuffing sound to the right of the 
fire. 

Whos there? he called, wondering whether it was 
just a mouse. 



  944Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Kreacher the houseelf came creeping into view. He 
looked highly delighted about something, though he 
seemed to have recently sustained a nasty injury to 
both hands, which were heavily bandaged. 

Its the Potter boys head in the fire, Kreacher 
informed the empty kitchen, stealing furtive, oddly 
triumphant glances at Harry. What has he come for, 
Kreacher wonders? 

Wheres Sirius, Kreacher? Harry demanded. 

The houseelf gave a wheezy chuckle. Master has 
gone out, Harry Potter. 

Wheres he gone? Wheres he gone, Kreacher? 
Kreacher merely cackled. 

Im warning you! said Harry, fully aware that his 
scope for inflicting punishment upon Kreacher was 
almost nonexistent in this position. What about 
Lupin? MadEye? Any of them, are any of them here? 

Nobody here but Kreacher! said the elf gleefully, and 
turning away from Harry he began to walk slowly 
toward the door at the end of the kitchen. Kreacher 
thinks he will have a little chat with his Mistress now, 
yes, he hasnt had a chance in a long time, Kreachers 
Master has been keeping him away from her   

Where has Sirius gone? Harry yelled after the elf. 
Kreacher, has he gone to the Department of 
Mysteries? 

Kreacher stopped in his tracks. Harry could just 
make out the back of his bald head through the forest 
of chair legs before him. 



  945Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Master does not tell poor Kreacher where he is 
going, said the elf quietly. 

But you know! shouted Harry. Dont you? You 
know where he is! 

There was a moments silence, then the elf let out his 
loudest cackle yet. Master will not come back from 
the Department of Mysteries! he said gleefully. 
Kreacher and his Mistress are alone again! 

And he scurried forward and disappeared through the 
door to the hall. 

You  ! 



But before he could utter a single curse or insult, 
Harry felt a great pain at the top of his head. He 
inhaled a lot of ash and, choking, found himself being 
dragged backward through the flames until, with a 
horrible abruptness, he was staring up into the wide, 
pallid face of Professor Umbridge, who had dragged 
him backward out of the fire by the hair and was now 
bending his neck back as far as it would go as though 
she was going to slit his throat. 

You think, she whispered, bending Harrys neck 
back even farther, so that he was looking up at the 
ceiling above him, that after two nifflers I was going 
to let one more foul, scavenging little creature enter 
my office without my knowledge? I had Stealth 
Sensoring Spells placed all around my doorway after 
the last one got in, you foolish boy. Take his wand, 
she barked at someone he could not see, and he felt a 
hand grope inside the chest pocket of his robes and 
remove the wand. Hers too ... 



  946Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry heard a scuffle over by the door and knew that 
Hermione had just had her wand wrested from her as 
well. 

I want to know why you are in my office, said 
Umbridge, shaking the fist clutching his hair so that 
he staggered. 

I was  trying to get my Firebolt! Harry croaked. 

Liar. She shook his head again. Your Firebolt is 
under strict guard in the dungeons, as you very well 
know, Potter. You had your head in my fire. With 
whom have you been communicating? 

No one   said Harry, trying to pull away from her. 
He felt several hairs part company with his scalp. 

LiaA shouted Umbridge. She threw him from her, 
and he slammed into the desk. Now he could see 
Hermione pinioned against the wall by Millicent 
Bulstrode. Malfoy was leaning on the windowsill, 
smirking as he threw Harrys wand into the air one 
handed and then caught it again. 

There was a commotion outside and several large 
Slytherins entered, each gripping Ron, Ginny, Luna, 
and  to Harrys bewilderment  Neville, who was 
trapped in a stranglehold by Crabbe and looked in 
imminent danger of suffocation. All four of them had 
been gagged. 

Got em all, said Warrington, shoving Ron roughly 
forward into the room.  That one. he poked a thick 
finger at Neville, tried to stop me taking her, he 
pointed at Ginny, who was trying to kick the shins of 
the large Slytherin girl holding her, so I brought him 
along too. 



  947Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Good, good, said Umbridge, watching Ginnys 
struggles. Well, it looks as though Hogwarts will 
shortly be a Weasleyfree zone, doesnt it? 

Malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically. Umbridge 
gave her wide, complacent smile and settled herself 
into a chintzcovered armchair, blinking up at her 
captives like a toad in a flowerbed. 

So, Potter, she said. You stationed lookouts around 
my office and you sent this buffoon, she nodded at 
Ron, and Malfoy laughed even louder, to tell me the 
poltergeist was wreaking havoc in the Transfiguration 
department when I knew perfectly well that he was 
busy smearing ink on the eyepieces of all the school 
telescopes, Mr. Filch having just informed me so. 

Clearly, it was very important for you to talk to 
somebody. Was it Albus Dumbledore? Or the half 
breed, Hagrid? I doubt it was Minerva McGonagall, I 
hear she is still too ill to talk to anyone... 

Malfoy and a few of the other members of the 
Inquisitorial Squad laughed some more at that. Harry 
found he was so full of rage and hatred he was 
shaking. 

Its none of your business who I talk to, he snarled. 

Umbridges slack face seemed to tighten. 

Very well, she said in her most dangerous and 
falsely sweet voice. Very well, Mr. Potter ... I offered 
you the chance to tell me freely. You refused. I have 
no alternative but to force you. Draco  fetch 
Professor Snape. 

Malfoy stowed Harrys wand inside his robes and left 
the room smirking, but Harry hardly noticed. He had 

  948Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




just realized something; he could not believe he had 
been so stupid as to forget it. He had thought that all 
the members of the Order, all those who could help 
him save Sirius, were gone  but he had been wrong. 
There was still a member of the Order of the Phoenix 
at Hogwarts  Snape. 

There was silence in the office except for the 
fidgetings and scufflings resultant from the 
Slytherins efforts to keep Ron and the others under 
control. Rons lip was bleeding onto Umbridges carpet 
as he struggled against Warringtons half nelson. 
Ginny was still trying to stamp on the feet of the 
sixthyear girl who had both her upper arms in a tight 
grip. Neville was turning steadily more purple in the 
face while tugging at Crabbes arms, and Hermione 
was attempting vainly to throw Millicent Bulstrode off 
her. Luna, however, stood limply by the side of her 
captor, gazing vaguely out of the window as though 
rather bored by the proceedings. 

Harry looked back at Umbridge, who was watching 
him closely. He kept his face deliberately smooth and 
blank as footsteps were heard in the corridor outside 
and Draco Malfoy came back into the room, holding 
open the door for Snape. 

You wanted to see me, Headmistress? said Snape, 
looking around at all the pairs of struggling students 
with an expression of complete indifference. 

Ah, Professor Snape, said Umbridge, smiling widely 
and standing up again. Yes, I would like another 
bottle of Veritaserum, as quick as you can, please. 

You took my last bottle to interrogate Potter, he 
said, observing her coolly through his greasy curtains 
of black hair. Surely you did not use it all? I told you 
that three drops would be sufficient. 

  949Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Umbridge flushed. 

You can make some more, cant you? she said, her 
voice becoming more sweetly girlish as it always did 
when she was furious. 

Certainly, said Snape, his lip curling. It takes a full 
moon cycle to mature, so I should have it ready for 
you in around a month. 

A month? squawked Umbridge, swelling toadishly. 

A month? But I need it this evening, Snape! I have 
just found Potter using my fire to communicate with a 
person or persons unknown! 

Really? said Snape, showing his first, faint sign of 
interest as he looked around at Harry. Well, it 
doesnt surprise me. Potter has never shown much 
inclination to follow school rules. 

His cold, dark eyes were boring into Harrys, who met 
his gaze unflinchingly, concentrating hard on what he 
had seen in his dream, willing Snape to read it in his 
mind, to understand . . . 

I wish to interrogate him! shouted Umbridge angrily, 
and Snape looked away from Harry back into her 
furiously quivering face. I wish you to provide me 
with a potion that will force him to tell me the truth! 

I have already told you, said Snape smoothly, that I 
have no further stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you 
wish to poison Potter  and I assure you I would 
have the greatest sympathy with you if you did  I 
cannot help you. The only trouble is that most 
venoms act too fast to give the victim much time for 
truthtelling... 



  950Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Snape looked back at Harry, who stared at him, 
frantic to communicate without words. 

Voldemorts got Sirius in the Department of Mysteries, 
he thought desperately. Voldemorts got Sirius  

You are on probation! shrieked Professor Umbridge, 
and Snape looked back at her, his eyebrows slightly 
raised. You are being deliberately unhelpful! I 
expected better, Lucius Malfoy always speaks most 
highly of you! Now get out of my office! 

Snape gave her an ironic bow and turned to leave. 
Harry knew his last chance of letting the Order know 
what was going on was walking out of the door. 

Hes got Padfoot! he shouted. Hes got Padfoot at 
the place where its hidden! 

Snape had stopped with his hand on Umbridges door 
handle. 

Padfoot? cried Professor Umbridge, looking eagerly 
from Harry to Snape. What is Padfoot? Where what is 
hidden? What does he mean, Snape? 

Snape looked around at Harry. His face was 
inscrutable. Harry could not tell whether he had 
understood or not, but he did not dare speak more 
plainly in front of Umbridge. 

I have no idea, said Snape coldly. Potter, when I 
want nonsense shouted at me I shall give you a 
Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe, loosen your hold a 
little, if Longbottom suffocates it will mean a lot of 
tedious paperwork, and I am afraid I shall have to 
mention it on your reference if ever you apply for a 
job. 



  951Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He closed the door behind him with a snap, leaving 
Harry in a state of worse turmoil than before: Snape 
had been his very last hope. He looked at Umbridge, 
who seemed to be feeling the same way; her chest was 
heaving with rage and frustration. 

Very well, she said, and she pulled out her wand. 
Very well ... I am left with no alternative... This is 
more than a matter of school discipline... This is an 
issue of Ministry security... Yes ... yes ... 

She seemed to be talking herself into something. She 
was shifting her weight nervously from foot to foot, 
staring at Harry, beating her wand against her empty 
palm and breathing heavily. Harry felt horribly 
powerless without his own wand as he watched her. 

You are forcing me, Potter... I do not want to, said 
Umbridge, still moving restlessly on the spot, but 
sometimes circumstances justify the use ... I am sure 
the Minister will understand that I had no choice... 

Malfoy was watching her with a hungry expression on 
his face. 

The Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue, 
said Umbridge quietly. 

No! shrieked Hermione. Professor Umbridge  its 
illegal  but Umbridge took no notice. There was a 
nasty, eager, excited look on her face that Harry had 
never seen before. She raised her wand. 

The Minister wouldnt want you to break the law, 
Professor Umbridge! cried Hermione. 

What Cornelius doesnt know wont hurt him, said 
Umbridge, who was now panting slightly as she 
pointed her wand at different parts of Harrys body in 

  952Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




turn, apparently trying to decide what would hurt the 
most. He never knew I ordered dementors after 
Potter last summer, but he was delighted to be given 
the chance to expel him, all the same... 

It was you? gasped Harry.  You sent the dementors 
after me? 

 Somebody had to act, breathed Umbridge, as her 
wand came to rest pointing directly at Harrys 
forehead. They were all bleating about silencing you 
somehow  discrediting you  but I was the one who 
actually did something about it... Only you wriggled 
out of that one, didnt you, Potter? Not today, though, 
not now ... 

And taking a deep breath, she cried, Cruc   

NO! shouted Hermione in a cracked voice from 
behind Millicent Bulstrode. No  Harry  Harry, 
well have to tell her! 

No way! yelled Harry, staring at the little of 
Hermione he could see. 

Well have to, Harry, shell force it out of you anyway, 
whats ... whats the point... ? 

And Hermione began to cry weakly into the back of 
Millicent Bulstrode s robes. Millicent stopped trying to 
squash her against the wall immediately and dodged 
out of her way looking disgusted. 

Well, well, well! said Umbridge, looking triumphant. 
Little Miss QuestionAll is going to give us some 
answers! Come on then, girl, come on! 

Er  my  nee  no! shouted Ron through his gag. 



  953Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ginny was staring at Hermione as though she had 
never seen her before; Neville, still choking for breath, 
was gazing at her too. But Harry had just noticed 
something. Though Hermione was sobbing 
desperately into her hands, there was no trace of a 
tear... 

Im  Im sorry everyone, said Hermione. But  I 
cant stand it   

Thats right, thats right, girl! said Umbridge, seizing 
Hermione by the shoulders, thrusting her into the 
abandoned chintz chair and leaning over her. Now 
then ... with whom was Potter communicating just 
now? 

Well, gulped Hermione into her hands, well, he was 
trying to speak to Professor Dumbledore... 

Ron froze, his eyes wide; Ginny stopped trying to 
stamp on her Slytherin captors toes; even Luna 
looked mildly surprised. Fortunately, the attention of 
Umbridge and her minions was focused too 
exclusively upon Hermione to notice these suspicious 
signs. 

Dumbledore? said Umbridge eagerly. You know 
where Dumbledore is, then? 

Well ... no! sobbed Hermione. Weve tried the Leaky 
Cauldron in Diagon Alley and the Three Broomsticks 
and even the Hogs Head   

Idiot girl, Dumbledore wont be sitting in a pub when 
the whole Ministrys looking for him! shouted 
Umbridge, disappointment etched in every sagging 
line of her face. 



  954Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But  but we needed to tell him something 
important! wailed Hermione, holding her hands more 
tightly over her face, not, Harry knew, out of anguish, 
but to disguise the continued absence of tears. 

Yes? said Umbridge with a sudden resurgence of 
excitement. What was it you wanted to tell him? 

We ... we wanted to tell him its rready! choked 
Hermione. 

Whats ready? demanded Umbridge, and now she 
grabbed Hermione s shoulders again and shook her 
slightly. Whats ready, girl? 

The ... the weapon, said Hermione. 

Weapon? Weapon? said Umbridge, and her eyes 
seemed to pop with excitement. You have been 
developing some method of resistance? A weapon you 
could use against the Ministry? On Professor 
Dumbledores orders, of course? 

Yyyes, gasped Hermione. But he had to leave 
before it was finished and nnnow weve finished it 
for him, and we cccant find him ttto tell him! 

What kind of weapon is it? said Umbridge harshly, 
her stubby hands still tight on Hermione s shoulders. 

We dont rrreally understand it, said Hermione, 
sniffing loudly. We jjjust did what PPProfessor 
Dumbledore told us ttto do ... 

Umbridge straightened up, looking exultant. 

Lead me to the weapon, she said. 



  955Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tm not showing ... them, said Hermione shrilly, 
looking around at the Slytherins through her fingers. 

It is not for you to set conditions, said Professor 
Umbridge harshly. 

Fine, said Hermione, now sobbing into her hands 
again, fine ... let them see it, I hope they use it on 
you! In fact, I wish youd invite loads and loads of 
people to come and see! Ththat would serve you right 
 oh, Id love it if the whwhole school knew where it 
was, and how to uuse it, and then if you annoy any 
of them theyll be able to ssort you out! 

These words had a powerful impact on Umbridge. She 
glanced swiftly and suspiciously around at her 
Inquisitorial Squad, her bulging eyes resting for a 
moment on Malfoy, who was too slow to disguise the 
look of eagerness and greed that had appeared on his 
face. 

Umbridge contemplated Hermione for another long 
moment and then spoke in what she clearly thought 
was a motherly voice. All right, dear, lets make it 
just you and me ... and well take Potter too, shall we? 
Get up, now   

Professor, said Malfoy eagerly, Professor Umbridge, 

I think some of the squad should come with you to 
look after   

I am a fully qualified Ministry official, Malfoy, do you 
really think I cannot manage two wandless teenagers 
alone? asked Umbridge sharply. In any case, it does 
not sound as though this weapon is something that 
schoolchildren should see. You will remain here until 
I return and make sure none of these  she gestured 
around at Ron, Ginny, Neville, and Luna  escape. 



  956Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




All right, said Malfoy, looking sulky and 
disappointed. 

And you two can go ahead of me and show me the 
way, said Umbridge, pointing at Harry and Hermione 
with her wand. Lead on... 



  957Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






FIGHT AND FLIGHT 

Harry had no idea what Hermione was planning, or 
even whether she had a plan. He walked half a pace 
behind her as they headed down the corridor outside 
Umb ridges office, knowing it would look very 
suspicious if he appeared not to know where they 
were going. He did not dare attempt to talk to her; 
Umbridge was walking so closely behind them that he 
could hear her ragged breathing. 

Hermione led the way down the stairs into the 
entrance hall. The din of loud voices and the clatter of 
cutlery on plates echoed from out of the double doors 
to the Great Hall. It seemed incredible to Harry that 
twenty feet away were people who were enjoying 
dinner, celebrating the end of exams, not a care in the 
world... 

Hermione walked straight out of the oak front doors 
and down the stone steps into the balmy evening air. 
The sun was falling toward the tops of the trees in the 
Forbidden Forest now as Hermione marched 
purposefully across the grass, Umbridge jogging to 
  958Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



keep up. Their long dark shadows rippled over the 
grass behind them like cloaks. 



Its hidden in Hagrids hut, is it? said Umbridge 
eagerly in Harrys ear. 

Of course not, said Hermione scathingly. Hagrid 
might have set it off accidentally. 

Yes, said Umbridge, whose excitement seemed to be 
mounting. Yes, he would have done, of course, the 
great halfbreed oaf... 

She laughed. Harry felt a strong urge to swing around 
and seize her by the throat, but resisted. His scar was 
throbbing in the soft evening air but it had not yet 
burned whitehot, as he knew it would if Voldemort 
had moved in for the kill... 

Then ... where is it? asked Umbridge, with a hint of 
uncertainty in her voice as Hermione continued to 
stride toward the forest. 

In there, of course, said Hermione, pointing into the 
dark trees. It had to be somewhere that students 
werent going to find it accidentally, didnt it? 

Of course, said Umbridge, though she sounded a 
little apprehensive now. Of course ... very well, then 
... you two stay ahead of me. 

Can we have your wand, then, if were going first? 
Harry asked her. 

No, I dont think so, Mr. Potter, said Umbridge 
sweetly, poking him in the back with it. The Ministry 
places a rather higher value on my life than yours, Im 
afraid. 

  959Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




As they reached the cool shade of the first trees, 

Harry tried to catch Hermione s eye; walking into the 
forest without wands seemed to him to be more 
foolhardy than anything they had done so far this 
evening. She, however, merely gave Umbridge a 
contemptuous glance and plunged straight into the 
trees, moving at such a pace that Umbridge, with her 
shorter legs, had difficulty in keeping up. 

Is it very far in? Umbridge asked, as her robe ripped 
on a bramble. 

Oh yes, said Hermione. Yes, its well hidden. 

Harrys misgivings increased. Hermione was not 
taking the path they had followed to visit Grawp, but 
the one he had followed three years ago to the lair of 
the monster Aragog. Hermione had not been with him 
on that occasion; he doubted she had any idea what 
danger lay at the end of it. 

Er  are you sure this is the right way? he asked 
her pointedly. 

Oh yes, she said in a steely voice, crashing through 
the undergrowth with what he thought was a wholly 
unnecessary amount of noise. Behind them, 

Umbridge tripped over a fallen sapling. Neither of 
them paused to help her up again; Hermione merely 
strode on, calling loudly over her shoulder, Its a bit 
further in! 

Hermione, keep your voice down, Harry muttered, 
hurrying to catch up with her. Anything could be 
listening in here   

I want us heard, she answered quietly, as Umbridge 
jogged noisily after them. Youll see... 



  960Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




They walked on for what seemed a long time, until 
they were once again so deep into the forest that the 
dense tree canopy blocked out all light. Harry had the 
feeling he had had before in the forest, one of being 
watched by unseen eyes... 

How much further? demanded Umbridge angrily 
from behind him. 

Not far now! shouted Hermione, as they emerged 
into a dim, dank clearing. Just a little bit   

An arrow flew through the air and landed with a 
menacing thud in the tree just over her head. The air 
was suddenly full of the sound of hooves. Harry could 
feel the forest floor trembling; Umbridge gave a little 
scream and pushed him in front of her like a shield  

He wrenched himself free of her and turned. Around 
fifty centaurs were emerging on every side, their bows 
raised and loaded, pointing at Harry, Hermione, and 
Umbridge, who backed slowly into the center of the 
clearing, Umbridge uttering odd little whimpers of 
terror. Harry looked sideways at Hermione. She was 
wearing a triumphant smile. 

Who are you? said a voice. 

Harry looked left. The chestnutbodied centaur called 
Magorian was walking toward them out of the circle; 
his bow, like the others, was raised. On Harrys right, 
Umbridge was still whimpering, her wand trembling 
violently as she pointed it at the advancing centaur. 

I asked you who are you, human, said Magorian 
roughly. 

I am Dolores Umbridge! said Umbridge in a high 
pitched, terrified voice. Senior Undersecretary to the 

  961Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Minister of Magic and Headmistress and High 
Inquisitor of Hogwarts! 



You are from the Ministry of Magic? said Magorian, 
as many of the centaurs in the surrounding circle 
shifted restlessly. 

Thats right! said Umbridge in an even higher voice. 
So be very careful! By the laws laid down by the 
Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical 
Creatures, any attack by halfbreeds such as 
yourselves on a human   

 What did you call us? shouted a wildlooking black 
centaur, whom Harry recognized as Bane. There was 
a great deal of angry muttering and tightening of 
bowstrings around them. 

Dont call them that! Hermione said furiously, but 
Umbridge did not appear to have heard her. Still 
pointing her shaking wand at Magorian, she 
continued, Law Fifteen B states clearly that Any 
attack by a magical creature who is deemed to have 
nearhuman intelligence, and therefore considered 
responsible for its actions    

 Nearhuman intelligence? repeated Magorian, as 
Bane and several others roared with rage and pawed 
the ground. We consider that a great insult, human! 
Our intelligence, thankfully, far outstrips your own  



What are you doing in our forest? bellowed the 
hardfaced gray centaur whom Harry and Hermione 
had seen on their last trip into the forest. Why are 
you here? 

Your forest? said Umbridge, shaking now not only 
with fright but also, it seemed, with indignation. I 

  962Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




would remind you that you live here only because the 
Ministry of Magic permits you certain areas of land  



An arrow flew so close to her head that it caught at 
her mousy hair in passing. She let out an earsplitting 
scream and threw her hands over her head while 
some of the centaurs bellowed their approval and 
others laughed raucously. The sound of their wild, 
neighing laughter echoing around the dimly lit 
clearing and the sight of their pawing hooves was 
extremely unnerving. 

Whose forest is it now, human? bellowed Bane. 

Filthy halfbreeds! she screamed, her hands still 
tight over her head. Beasts! Uncontrolled animals! 

Be quiet! shouted Hermione, but it was too late  
Umbridge pointed her wand at Magorian and 
screamed,  Incarcerousl 

Ropes flew out of midair like thick snakes, wrapping 
themselves tightly around the centaurs torso and 
trapping his arms. He gave a cry of rage and reared 
onto his hind legs, attempting to free himself, while 
the other centaurs charged. 

Harry grabbed Hermione and pulled her to the 
ground. Facedown on the forest floor he knew a 
moment of terror as hooves thundered around him, 
but the centaurs leapt over and around them, 
bellowing and screaming with rage. 

Nooooo! he heard Umbridge shriek. Noooooo ... I 
am Senior Undersecretary ... you cannot ... unhand 
me, you animals ... nooooo! 



  963Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He saw a flash of red light and knew that she had 
attempted to Stun one of them  then she screamed 
very loudly. Lifting his head a few inches, Harry saw 
that Umbridge had been seized from behind by Bane 
and lifted high into the air, wriggling and yelling with 
fright. Her wand fell from her hand to the ground and 
Harrys heart leapt, if he could just reach it  

But as he stretched out a hand toward it, a centaurs 
hoof descended upon the wand and it broke cleanly in 
half. 

Now! roared a voice in Harrys ear and a thick hairy 
arm descended from thin air and dragged him 
upright; Hermione too had been pulled to her feet. 
Over the plunging, manycolored backs and heads of 
the centaurs Harry saw Umbridge being borne away 
through the trees by Bane, still screaming nonstop; 
her voice grew fainter and fainter until they could no 
longer hear it over the trampling of hooves 
surrounding them. 

And these? said the hardfaced, gray centaur 
holding Hermione. 

They are young, said a slow, doleful voice from 
behind Harry. We do not attack foals. 

They brought her here, Ronan, replied the centaur 
who had such a firm grip on Harry. And they are not 
so young... He is nearing manhood, this one... 

He shook Harry by the neck of his robes. 

Please, said Hermione breathlessly, please, dont 
attack us, we dont think like her, we arent Ministry 
of Magic employees! We only came in here because we 
hoped youd drive her off for us   



  964Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry knew at once from the look on the face of the 
gray centaur holding Hermione that she had made a 
terrible mistake in saying this. The gray centaur 
threw back his head, his back legs stamping 
furiously, and bellowed, You see, Ronan? They 
already have the arrogance of their kind! So we were 
to do your dirty work, were we, human girl? We were 
to act as your servants, drive away your enemies like 
obedient hounds? 

No! said Hermione in a horrorstruck squeak. Please 
 I didnt mean that! I just hoped youd be able to  
to help us   

But she seemed to be going from bad to worse. 

We do not help humans! snarled the centaur 
holding Harry, tightening his grip and rearing a little 
at the same time, so that Harrys feet left the ground 
momentarily. We are a race apart and proud to be 
so... We will not permit you to walk from here, 
boasting that we did your bidding! 

Were not going to say anything like that! Harry 
shouted. We know you didnt do anything because 
we wanted you to   

But nobody seemed to be listening to him. A bearded 
centaur toward the back of the crowd shouted, They 
came here unasked, they must pay the 
consequences! 

A roar of approval met these words and a duncolored 
centaur shouted, They can join the woman! 

You said you didnt hurt the innocent! shouted 
Hermione, real tears sliding down her face now. We 
havent done anything to hurt you, we havent used 



  965Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




wands or threats, we just want to go back to school, 
please let us go back   

We are not all like the traitor Firenze, human girl! 
shouted the gray centaur, to more neighing roars of 
approval from his fellows. Perhaps you thought us 
pretty talking horses? We are an ancient people who 
will not stand wizard invasions and insults! We do not 
recognize your laws, we do not acknowledge your 
superiority, we are   

But they did not hear what else centaurs were, for at 
that moment there came a crashing noise on the edge 
of the clearing so loud that all of them  Harry, 
Hermione, and the fifty or so centaurs filling the 
clearing  looked around. Harrys centaur let him fall 
to the ground again as his hands flew to his bow and 
quiver of arrows; Hermione had been dropped too, 
and Harry hurried toward her as two thick tree 
trunks parted ominously and the monstrous form of 
Grawp the giant appeared in the gap. 

The centaurs nearest him backed into those behind. 
The clearing was now a forest of bows and arrows 
waiting to be fired, all pointing upward at the 
enormous grayish face now looming over them from 
just beneath the thick canopy of branches. Grawp s 
lopsided mouth was gaping stupidly. They could see 
his bricklike yellow teeth glimmering in the halflight, 
his dull sludgecolored eyes narrowed as he squinted 
down at the creatures at his feet. Broken ropes trailed 
from both ankles. 

He opened his mouth even wider. 

Hagger. 

Harry did not know what hagger meant, or what 
language it was from, nor did he much care  he was 

  966Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




watching Grawp s feet, which were almost as long as 
Harrys whole body. Hermione gripped his arm tightly; 
the centaurs were quite silent, staring up at the giant, 
whose huge, round head moved from side to side as 
he continued to peer amongst them as though looking 
for something he had dropped. 

Haggeii he said again, more insistently. 

Get away from here, giant! called Magorian. You 
are not welcome among us! 

These words seemed to make no impression 
whatsoever on Grawp. He stooped a little (the 
centaurs arms tensed on their bows) and then 
bellowed, HAGGER! 

A few of the centaurs looked worried now. Hermione, 
however, gave a gasp. 

Harry! she whispered. I think hes trying to say 
Hagrid! 



At this precise moment Grawp caught sight of them, 
the only two humans in a sea of centaurs. He lowered 
his head another foot or so, staring intently at them. 
Harry could feel Hermione shaking as Grawp opened 
his mouth wide again and said, in a deep, rumbling 
voice, Hermy. 

Goodness, said Hermione, gripping Harrys arm so 
tightly it was growing numb and looking as though 
she was about to faint, he  he remembered! 

HERMY! roared Grawp. WHERE HAGGER? 

I dont know! squealed Hermione, terrified. Im 
sorry, Grawp, I dont know! 



  967Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




GRAWP WANT HAGGER! 



One of the giants massive hands swooped down upon 
them  Hermione let out a real scream, ran a few 
steps backward and fell over. Wandless, Harry braced 
himself to punch, kick, bite, or whatever else it took 
as the hand flew toward him and knocked a snow 
white centaur off his legs. 

It was what the centaurs had been waiting for  
Grawps outstretched fingers were a foot from Harry 
when fifty arrows went soaring through the air at the 
giant, peppering his enormous face, causing him to 
howl with pain and rage and straighten up again, 
rubbing his face with his enormous hands, breaking 
off the arrow shafts but forcing the heads in still 
deeper. 

He yelled and stamped his enormous feet and the 
centaurs scattered out of the way. Pebblesized 
droplets of Grawps blood showered Harry as he 
pulled Hermione to her feet and the pair of them ran 
as fast as they could for the shelter of the trees. Once 
there they looked back  Grawp was snatching 
blindly at the centaurs as blood ran all down his face; 
they were retreating in disorder, galloping away 
through the trees on the other side of the clearing. As 
Harry and Hermione watched, Grawp gave another 
roar of fury and plunged after them, smashing more 
trees aside as he went. 

Oh no, said Hermione, quaking so badly that her 
knees gave way. Oh, that was horrible. And he might 
kill them all... 

Im not that fussed, to be honest, said Harry 
bitterly. 



  968Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The sounds of the galloping centaurs and the 
blundering giant were growing fainter and fainter. As 
Harry listened to them his scar gave another great 
throb and a wave of terror swept over him. 

They had wasted so much time  they were even 
further from rescuing Sirius than they had been when 
he had had the vision. Not only had Harry managed 
to lose his wand but they were stuck in the middle of 
the Forbidden Forest with no means of transport 
whatsoever. 

Smart plan, he spat at Hermione, keen to release 
some of his fury. Really smart plan. Where do we go 
from here? 

We need to get back up to the castle, said Hermione 
faintly. 

By the time weve done that, Sirius 11 probably be 
dead! said Harry, kicking a nearby tree in temper; 
there was a highpitched chattering overhead and he 
looked up to see an angry bowtruckle flexing its long 
twiglike fingers at him. 

Well, we cant do anything without wands, said 
Hermione hopelessly, dragging herself up again. 
Anyway, Harry, how exactly were you planning to get 
all the way to London? 

Yeah, we were just wondering that, said a familiar 
voice from behind her. 

Harry and Hermione moved instinctively together, 
peering through the trees, as Ron came into sight, 
with Ginny, Neville, and Luna hurrying along behind 
him. All of them looked a little the worse for wear  
there were several long scratches running the length 
of Ginnys cheek, a large purple lump was swelling 
  969Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




above Nevilles right eye, Rons lip was bleeding worse 
than ever  but all were looking rather pleased with 
themselves. 

So, said Ron, pushing aside a lowhanging branch 
and holding out Harrys wand, had any ideas? 

How did you get away? asked Harry in amazement, 
taking his wand from Ron. 

Couple of Stunners, a Disarming Charm, Neville 
brought off a really nice little Impediment Jinx, said 
Ron airily, now handing back Hermiones wand too. 
But Ginny was best, she got Malfoy  BatBogey Hex 
 it was superb, his whole face was covered in the 
great flapping things. Anyway, we saw you heading 
into the forest out of the window and followed. 

Whatve you done with Umbridge? 

She got carried away, said Harry. By a herd of 
centaurs. 

And they left you behind? asked Ginny, looking 
astonished. 

No, they got chased off by Grawp, said Harry. 

Whos Grawp? Luna asked interestedly. 

Hagrids little brother, said Ron promptly. Anyway, 
never mind that now. Harry, what did you find out in 
the fire? Has YouKnowWho got Sirius or  ? 

Yes, said Harry, as his scar gave another painful 
prickle, and Im sure Sirius is still alive, but I cant 
see how were going to get there to help him. 

They all fell silent, looking rather scared. The problem 
facing them seemed insurmountable. 

  970Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Well, well have to fly, wont we? said Luna in the 
closest thing to a matteroffact voice Harry had ever 
heard her use. 



Okay, said Harry irritably, rounding on her, first of 
all, we arent doing anything if youre including 
yourself in that, and second of all, Rons the only one 
with a broomstick that isnt being guarded by a 
security troll, so   

Ive got a broom! said Ginny. 

Yeah, but youre not coming, said Ron angrily. 

Excuse me, but I care what happens to Sirius as 
much as you do! said Ginny, her jaw set so that her 
resemblance to Fred and George was suddenly 
striking. 

Youre too   Harry began. 

Im three years older than you were when you fought 
YouKnowWho over the Sorcerers Stone, she said 
fiercely, and its because of me Malfoys stuck back 
in Umbridges office with giant flying bogeys attacking 
him   



Yeah, but   

We were all in the D.A. together, said Neville quietly. 
It was all supposed to be about fighting YouKnow 
Who, wasnt it? And this is the first chance weve had 
to do something real  or was that all just a game or 
something? 

No  of course it wasnt   said Harry impatiently. 

Then we should come too, said Neville simply. We 
want to help. 

  971Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Thats right, said Luna, smiling happily. 



Harrys eyes met Rons. He knew that Ron was 
thinking exactly what he was: If he could have chosen 
any members of the D.A. in addition to himself, Ron, 
and Hermione to join him in the attempt to rescue 
Sirius, he would not have picked Ginny, Neville, or 
Luna. 

Well, it doesnt matter anyway, said Harry 
frustratedly, because we still dont know how to get 
there   

I thought wed settled that? said Luna maddeningly. 
Were flying! 

Look, said Ron, barely containing his anger, you 
might be able to fly without a broomstick but the rest 
of us cant sprout wings whenever we   

There are other ways of flying than with 
broomsticks, said Luna serenely. 

I spose were going to ride on the back of the Kacky 
Snorgle or whatever it is? Ron demanded. 

The CrumpleHorned Snorkack cant fly, said Luna 
in a dignified voice, but they can, and Hagrid says 
theyre very good at finding places their riders are 
looking for. 

Harry whirled around. Standing between two trees, 
their white eyes gleaming eerily, were two thestrals, 
watching the whispered conversation as though they 
understood every word. 

Yes! he whispered, moving toward them. They 
tossed their reptilian heads, throwing back long black 
manes, and Harry stretched out his hand eagerly and 

  972Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




patted the nearest ones shining neck. How could he 
ever have thought them ugly? 

Is it those mad horse things? said Ron uncertainly, 
staring at a point slightly to the left of the thestral 
Harry was patting. Those ones you cant see unless 
youve watched someone snuff it? 

Yeah, said Harry. 

How many? 

Just two. 

Well, we need three, said Hermione, who was still 
looking a little shaken, but determined just the same. 

Four, Hermione, said Ginny, scowling. 

I think there are six of us, actually, said Luna 
calmly, counting. 

Dont be stupid, we cant all go! said Harry angrily. 
Look, you three  he pointed at Neville, Ginny, and 
Luna  youre not involved in this, youre not   

They burst into more protests. His scar gave another, 
more painful, twinge. Every moment they delayed was 
precious; he did not have time to argue. 

Okay, fine, its your choice, he said curtly. But 
unless we can find more thestrals youre not going to 
be able   

Oh, more of them will come, said Ginny confidently, 
who like Ron was squinting in quite the wrong 
direction, apparently under the impression that she 
was looking at the horses. 



  973Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What makes you think that? 

Because in case you hadnt noticed, you and 
Hermione are both covered in blood, she said coolly, 
and we know Hagrid lures thestrals with raw meat, 
so thats probably why these two turned up in the 
first place... 

Harry felt a soft tug on his robes at that moment and 
looked down to see the closest thestral licking his 
sleeve, which was damp with Grawps blood. 

Okay, then, he said, a bright idea occurring. Ron 
and I will take these two and go ahead, and Hermione 
can stay here with you three and shell attract more 
thestrals   

Im not staying behind! said Hermione furiously. 

Theres no need, said Luna, smiling. Look, here 
come more now... You two must really smell... 

Harry turned. No fewer than six or seven thestrals 
were picking their way through the trees now, their 
great leathery wings folded tight to their bodies, their 
eyes gleaming through the darkness. He had no 
excuse now... 

All right, he said angrily, pick one and get on, 
then. 



  974Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   





THE DEPARTMENT OF MYSTERIES 

Harry wound his hand tightly into the mane of the 
nearest thestral, placed a foot on a stump nearby, 
and scrambled clumsily onto the horses silken back. 
It did not object, but twisted its head around, fangs 
bared, and attempted to continue its eager licking of 
his robes. 

He found there was a way of lodging his knees behind 
the wing joints that made him feel more secure and 
looked around at the others. Neville had heaved 
himself over the back of the next thestral and was 
now attempting to swing one short leg over the 
creatures back. Luna was already in place, sitting 
sidesaddle and adjusting her robes as though she did 
this every day. Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, however, 
were still standing motionless on the spot, 
openmouthed and staring. 

What? he said. 

Howre we supposed to get on? said Ron faintly. 
When we cant see the things? 

  975Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Oh its easy, said Luna, sliding obligingly from her 
thestral and marching over to him, Hermione, and 
Ginny. Come here... 

She pulled them over to the other thestrals standing 
around and one by one managed to help them onto 
the backs of their mounts. All three looked extremely 
nervous as she wound their hands into the horses 
manes and told them to grip tightly before getting 
back onto her own steed. 

This is mad, Ron said faintly, moving his free hand 
gingerly up and down his horses neck. Mad ... if I 
could just see it   

Youd better hope it stays invisible, said Harry 
darkly. We all ready, then? 

They all nodded and he saw five pairs of knees tighten 
beneath their robes. 

Okay ... 

He looked down at the back of his thestrals glossy 
black head and swallowed. Ministry of Magic, 
visitors entrance, London, then, he said uncertainly. 
Er ... if you know ... where to go ... 

For a moment his thestral did nothing at all. Then, 
with a sweeping movement that nearly unseated him, 
the wings on either side extended, the horse crouched 
slowly and then rocketed upward so fast and so 
steeply that Harry had to clench his arms and legs 
tightly around the horse to avoid sliding backward 
over its bony rump. He closed his eyes and put his 
face down into the horses silky mane as they burst 
through the topmost branches of the trees and soared 
out into a bloodred sunset. 



  976Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry did not think he had ever moved so fast: The 
thestral streaked over the castle, its wide wings 
hardly beating. The cooling air was slapping Harrys 
face; eyes screwed up against the rushing wind, he 
looked around and saw his five fellows soaring along 
behind him, each of them bent as low as possible into 
the neck of their thestral to protect themselves from 
its slipstream. 

They were over the Hogwarts grounds, they had 
passed Hogsmeade. Harry could see mountains and 
gullies below them. In the falling darkness Harry saw 
small collections of lights as they passed over more 
villages, then a winding road on which a single car 
was beetling its way home through the hills... 

This is bizarre! Harry heard Ron yell from 
somewhere behind him, and he imagined how it must 
feel to be speeding along at this height with no visible 
means of support... 

Twilight fell: The sky turned to a light, dusky purple 
littered with tiny silver stars, and soon it was only the 
lights of Muggle towns that gave them any clue of how 
far from the ground they were or how very fast they 
were traveling. Harrys arms were wrapped tightly 
around his horses neck as he willed it to go even 
faster. How much time had elapsed since he had seen 
Sirius lying on the Department of Mysteries floor? 

How much longer would he be able to resist 
Voldemort? All Harry knew for sure was that Sirius 
had neither done as Voldemort wanted, nor died, for 
he was convinced that either outcome would cause 
him to feel Voldemorts jubilation or fury course 
through his own body, making his scar sear as 
painfully as it had on the night Mr. Weasley was 
attacked... 



  977Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




On they flew through the gathering darkness; Harrys 
face felt stiff and cold, his legs numb from gripping 
the thestrals sides so tightly, but he did not dare 
shift positions lest he slip... He was deaf from the 
thundering in his ears and his mouth was dry and 
frozen from the rush of cold night air. He had lost all 
sense of how far they had come; all his faith was in 
the beast below him, still streaking purposefully 
through the night, barely flapping its wings as it sped 
ever onward... 

If they were too late . . . 

Hes still alive, hes still fighting, I can feel it... 

If Voldemort decided Sirius was not going to crack ... 
Id know... 

Harrys stomach gave a jolt. The thestrals head was 
suddenly pointing toward the ground and he had 
actually slid forward a few inches along its neck. They 
were descending at last... He heard one of the girls 
shriek behind him and twisted around dangerously 
but could see no sign of a falling body. . . Presumably 
they had received a shock from the change of 
position, just as he had... 

And now bright orange lights were growing larger and 
rounder on all sides. They could see the tops of 
buildings, streams of headlights like luminous insect 
eyes, squares of pale yellow that were windows. Quite 
suddenly, it seemed, they were hurtling toward the 
pavement. Harry gripped the thestral with every last 
ounce of his strength, braced for a sudden impact, 
but the horse touched the dark ground as lightly as a 
shadow and Harry slid from his back, looking around 
at the street where the overflowing dumpster still 
stood a short way from the vandalized telephone box, 
  978Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




both drained of color in the flat orange glare of the 
streetlights. 

Ron landed a short way away and toppled 
immediately off his thestral onto the pavement. 

Never again, he said, struggling to his feet. He made 
as though to stride away from his thestral, but, 
unable to see it, collided with its hindquarters and 
almost fell over again. Never, ever again ... that was 
the worst   

Hermione and Ginny touched down on either side of 
him. Both slid off their mounts a little more gracefully 
than Ron, though with similar expressions of relief at 
being back on firm ground. Neville jumped down, 
shaking, but Luna dismounted smoothly. 

Where do we go from here, then? she asked Harry in 
a politely interested voice, as though this was all a 
rather interesting day trip. 

Over here, he said. He gave his thestral a quick, 
grateful pat, then led the way quickly to the battered 
telephone box and opened the door. Come on\ he 
urged the others as they hesitated. 

Ron and Ginny marched in obediently; Hermione, 
Neville, and Luna squashed themselves in after them; 
Harry took one glance back at the thestrals, now 
foraging for scraps of rotten food inside the dumpster, 
then forced himself into the box after Luna. 

Whoevers nearest the receiver, dial six two four four 
two! he said. 

Ron did it, his arm bent bizarrely to reach the dial. As 
it whirred back into place the cool female voice 



  979Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




sounded inside the box, Welcome to the Ministry of 
Magic. Please state your name and business. 

Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, 

Harry said very quickly, Ginny Weasley, Neville 
Longbottom, Luna Lovegood ... Were here to save 
someone, unless your Ministry can do it first! 

Thank you, said the cool female voice. Visitors, 
please take the badges and attach them to the front of 
your robes. 

Half a dozen badges slid out of the metal chute where 
returned coins usually appeared. Hermione scooped 
them up and handed them mutely to Harry over 
Ginny s head; he glanced at the topmost one. 

HARRY POTTER 
RESCUE MISSION 

Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to 
a search and present your wand for registration at the 
security desk, which is located at the far end of the 
Atrium. 

Fine! Harry said loudly, as his scar gave another 
throb. Now can we move? 

The floor of the telephone box shuddered and the 
pavement rose up past the glass windows of the 
telephone box. The scavenging thestrals were sliding 
out of sight, blackness closed over their heads, and 
with a dull grinding noise they sank down into the 
depths of the Ministry of Magic. 

A chink of soft golden light hit their feet and, 
widening, rose up their bodies. Harry bent his knees 



  980Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




and held his wand as ready as he could in such 
cramped conditions, peering through the glass to see 
whether anybody was waiting for them in the Atrium, 
but it seemed to be completely empty. The light was 
dimmer than it had been by day. There were no fires 
burning under the mantelpieces set into the walls, 
but he saw as the lift slid smoothly to a halt that 
golden symbols continued to twist sinuously in the 
dark blue ceiling. 

The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant 
evening, said the womans voice. 

The door of the telephone box burst open; Harry 
toppled out of it, followed by Neville and Luna. The 
only sound in the Atrium was the steady rush of 
water from the golden fountain, where jets from the 
wands of the witch and wizard, the point of the 
centaurs arrow, the tip of the goblins hat, and the 
houseelfs ears continued to gush into the 
surrounding pool. 

Come on, said Harry quietly and the six of them 
sprinted off down the hall, Harry in the lead, past the 
fountain, toward the desk where the security man 
who had weighed Harrys wand had sat and which 
was now deserted. 

Harry felt sure that there ought to be a security 
person there, sure that their absence was an ominous 
sign, and his feeling of foreboding increased as they 
passed through the golden gates to the lifts. He 
pressed the nearest down button and a lift clattered 
into sight almost immediately, the golden grilles slid 
apart with a great, echoing clanking, and they dashed 
inside. Harry stabbed the number nine button, the 
grilles closed with a bang, and the lift began to 
descend, jangling and rattling. Harry had not realized 
how noisy the lifts were on the day that he had come 
  981Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




with Mr. Weasley  he was sure that the din would 
raise every security person within the building, yet 
when the lift halted, the cool female voice said, 
Department of Mysteries, and the grilles slid open 
again, they stepped out into the corridor where 
nothing was moving but the nearest torches, 
flickering in the rush of air from the lift. 

Harry turned toward the plain black door. After 
months and months of dreaming about it, he was 
here at last... 

Lets go, he whispered, and he led the way down the 
corridor, Luna right behind him, gazing around with 
her mouth slightly open. 

Okay, listen, said Harry, stopping again within six 
feet of the door. Maybe . . . maybe a couple of people 
should stay here as a  as a lookout, and   

And howre we going to let you know somethings 
coming? asked Ginny, her eyebrows raised. You 
could be miles away. 

Were coming with you, Harry, said Neville. 

Lets get on with it, said Ron firmly. 

Harry still did not want to take them all with him, but 
it seemed he had no choice. He turned to face the 
door and walked forward. Just as it had in his dream, 
it swung open and he marched forward, leading the 
others over the threshold. 

They were standing in a large, circular room. 
Everything in here was black including the floor and 
ceiling  identical, unmarked, handleless black 
doors were set at intervals all around the black walls, 
interspersed with branches of candles whose flames 
  982Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




burned blue, their cool, shimmering light reflected in 
the shining marble floor so that it looked as though 
there was dark water underfoot. 

Someone shut the door, Harry muttered. 

He regretted giving this order the moment Neville had 
obeyed it. Without the long chink of light from the 
torchlit corridor behind them, the place became so 
dark that for a moment the only things they could see 
were the bunches of shivering blue flames on the 
walls and their ghostly reflections in the floor below. 

In his dream, Harry had always walked purposefully 
across this room to the door immediately opposite the 
entrance and walked on. But there were around a 
dozen doors here. Just as he was gazing ahead at the 
doors opposite him, trying to decide which was the 
right one, there was a great rumbling noise and the 
candles began to move sideways. The circular wall 
was rotating. 

Hermione grabbed Harrys arm as though frightened 
the floor might move too, but it did not. For a few 
seconds the blue flames around them were blurred to 
resemble neon lines as the wall sped around and 
then, quite as suddenly as it had started, the 
rumbling stopped and everything became stationary 
once again. 

Harrys eyes had blue streaks burned into them; it 
was all he could see. 

What was that about? whispered Ron fearfully. 

I think it was to stop us knowing which door we 
came in from, said Ginny in a hushed voice. 



  983Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry realized at once that she was right: He could no 
sooner have picked the exit from the other doors than 
located an ant upon the jetblack floor. Meanwhile, 
the door through which they needed to proceed could 
be any of the dozen surrounding them. 

Howre we going to get back out? said Neville 
uncomfortably. 

Well, that doesnt matter now, said Harry forcefully, 
blinking to try and erase the blue lines from his 
vision, and clutching his wand tighter than ever. We 
wont need to get out till weve found Sirius   

Dont go calling for him, though! Hermione said 
urgently, but Harry had never needed her advice less; 
his instinct was to keep as quiet as possible for the 
time being. 

Where do we go, then, Harry? Ron asked. 

I dont   Harry began. He swallowed. In the 
dreams I went through the door at the end of the 
corridor from the lifts into a dark room  thats this 
one  and then I went through another door into a 
room that kind of ... glitters. We should try a few 
doors, he said hastily. Ill know the right way when I 
see it. Cmon. 

He marched straight at the door now facing him, the 
others following close behind him, set his left hand 
against its cool, shining surface, raised his wand, 
ready to strike the moment it opened, and pushed. It 
swung open easily. 

After the darkness of the first room, the lamps 
hanging low on golden chains from this ceiling gave 
the impression that this long rectangular room was 
much brighter, though there were no glittering, 

  984Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




shimmering lights such as Harry had seen in his 
dreams. The place was quite empty except for a few 
desks and, in the very middle of the room, an 
enormous glass tank of deepgreen water, big enough 
for all of them to swim in, which contained a number 
of pearly white objects that were drifting around lazily 
in the liquid. 

Whatre those things? whispered Ron. 

Dunno, said Harry. 

Are they fish? breathed Ginny. 

Aquavirius maggots! said Luna excitedly. Dad said 
the Ministry were breeding   

No, said Hermione. She sounded odd. She moved 
forward to look through the side of the tank. Theyre 
brains. 

Brains? 

Yes ... I wonder what theyre doing with them? 

Harry joined her at the tank. Sure enough, there 
could be no mistake now that he saw them at close 
quarters. Glimmering eerily they drifted in and out of 
sight in the depths of the green water, looking 
something like slimy cauliflowers. 

Lets get out of here, said Harry. This isnt right, we 
need to try another door   

There are doors here too, said Ron, pointing around 
the walls. Harrys heart sank; how big was this place? 



  985Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




In my dream I went through that dark room into the 
second one, he said. I think we should go back and 
try from there. 

So they hurried back into the dark, circular room; the 
ghostly shapes of the brains were now swimming 
before Harrys eyes instead of the blue candle flames. 

Wait! said Hermione sharply, as Luna made to close 
the door of the brain room behind them.  FlagrateV 

She drew with her wand in midair and a fiery X 
appeared on the door. No sooner had the door clicked 
shut behind them than there was a great rumbling, 
and once again the wall began to revolve very fast, but 
now there was a great redgold blur in amongst the 
faint blue, and when all became still again, the fiery 
cross still burned, showing the door they had already 
tried. 

Good thinking, said Harry. Okay, lets try this one 



Again he strode directly at the door facing him and 
pushed it open, his wand still raised, the others at his 
heels. 

This room was larger than the last, dimly lit and 
rectangular, and the center of it was sunken, forming 
a great stone pit some twenty feet below them. They 
were standing on the topmost tier of what seemed to 
be stone benches running all around the room and 
descending in steep steps like an amphitheater, or the 
courtroom in which Harry had been tried by the 
Wizengamot. Instead of a chained chair, however, 
there was a raised stone dais in the center of the 
lowered floor, and upon this dais stood a stone 
archway that looked so ancient, cracked, and 
crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing was still 
  986Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




standing. Unsupported by any surrounding wall, the 
archway was hung with a tattered black curtain or 
veil which, despite the complete stillness of the cold 
surrounding air, was fluttering very slightly as though 
it had just been touched. 

Whos there? said Harry, jumping down onto the 
bench below. There was no answering voice, but the 
veil continued to flutter and sway. 

Careful! whispered Hermione. 

Harry scrambled down the benches one by one until 
he reached the stone bottom of the sunken pit. His 
footsteps echoed loudly as he walked slowly toward 
the dais. The pointed archway looked much taller 
from where he stood now than when he had been 
looking down on it from above. Still the veil swayed 
gently, as though somebody had just passed through 
it. 

Sirius? Harry spoke again, but much more quietly 
now that he was nearer. 

He had the strangest feeling that there was someone 
standing right behind the veil on the other side of the 
archway. Gripping his wand very tightly, he edged 
around the dais, but there was nobody there. All that 
could be seen was the other side of the tattered black 
veil. 

Lets go, called Hermione from halfway up the stone 
steps. This isnt right, Harry, come on, lets go... 

She sounded scared, much more scared than she had 
in the room where the brains swam, yet Harry 
thought the archway had a kind of beauty about it, 
old though it was. The gently rippling veil intrigued 



  987Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




him; he felt a very strong inclination to climb up on 
the dais and walk through it. 

Harry, lets go, okay? said Hermione more forcefully. 

Okay, he said, but he did not move. He had just 
heard something. There were faint whispering, 
murmuring noises coming from the other side of the 
veil. 

What are you saying? he said very loudly, so that 
the words echoed all around the surrounding stone 
benches. 

Nobodys talking, Harry! said Hermione, now moving 
over to him. 

Someones whispering behind there, he said, moving 
out of her reach and continuing to frown at the veil. 

Is that you, Ron? 

Im here, mate, said Ron, appearing around the side 
of the archway. 

Cant anyone else hear it? Harry demanded, for the 
whispering and murmuring was becoming louder; 
without really meaning to put it there, he found his 
foot was on the dais. 

I can hear them too, breathed Luna, joining them 
around the side of the archway and gazing at the 
swaying veil. There are people in there\ 

What do you mean, in there? demanded Hermione, 
jumping down from the bottom step and sounding 
much angrier than the occasion warranted. There 
isnt any in there, its just an archway, theres no 
room for anybody to be there  Harry, stop it, come 
away   

  988Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She grabbed his arm and pulled, but he resisted. 

Harry, we are supposed to be here for Sirius! she 
said in a highpitched, strained voice. 

Sirius, Harry repeated, still gazing, mesmerized, at 
the continuously swaying veil. Yeah ... 

And then something slid back into place in his brain: 
Sirius, captured, bound, and tortured, and he was 
staring at this archway. . . 

He took several paces back from the dais and 
wrenched his eyes from the veil. 

Lets go, he said. 

Thats what Ive been trying to  well, come on, 
then! said Hermione, and she led the way back 
around the dais. On the other side, Ginny and Neville 
were staring, apparently entranced, at the veil too. 
Without speaking, Hermione took hold of Ginnys 
arm, Ron Nevilles, and they marched them firmly 
back to the lowest stone bench and clambered all the 
way back up to the door. 

What dyou reckon that arch was? Harry asked 
Hermione as they regained the dark circular room. 

I dont know, but whatever it was, it was dangerous, 
she said firmly, again inscribing a fiery cross upon 
the door. 

Once more the wall spun and became still again. 
Harry approached a door at random and pushed. It 
did not move. 

Whats wrong? said Hermione. 



  989Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Its ... locked ... said Harry, throwing his weight at 
the door, but it did not budge. 



This is it, then, isnt it? said Ron excitedly, joining 
Harry in the attempt to force the door open. Bound 
to be! 

Get out of the way! said Hermione sharply. She 
pointed her wand at the place where a lock would 
have been on an ordinary door and said, Alohomora\ 

Nothing happened. 

Siriuss knife! said Harry, and he pulled it out from 
inside his robes and slid it into the crack between the 
door and the wall. The others all watched eagerly as 
he ran it from top to bottom, withdrew it, and then 
flung his shoulder again at the door. It remained as 
firmly shut as ever. What was more, when Harry 
looked down at the knife, he saw that the blade had 
melted. 

Right, were leaving that room, said Hermione 
decisively. 

But what if thats the one? said Ron, staring at it 
with a mixture of apprehension and longing. 

It cant be, Harry could get through all the doors in 
his dream, said Hermione, marking the door with 
another fiery cross as Harry replaced the nowuseless 
handle of Siriuss knife in his pocket. 

You know what could be in there? said Luna 
eagerly, as the wall started to spin yet again. 

Something blibbering, no doubt, said Hermione 
under her breath, and Neville gave a nervous little 
laugh. 

  990Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The wall slid back to a halt and Harry, with a feeling 
of increasing desperation, pushed the next door open. 

This is it! 

He knew it at once by the beautiful, dancing, 
diamondsparkling light. As Harrys eyes became 
more accustomed to the brilliant glare he saw clocks 
gleaming from every surface, large and small, 
grandfather and carriage, hanging in spaces between 
the bookcases or standing on desks ranging the 
length of the room, so that a busy, relentless ticking 
filled the place like thousands of minuscule, 
marching footsteps. The source of the dancing, 
diamondbright light was a towering crystal bell jar 
that stood at the far end of the room. 

This way! 

Harrys heart was pumping frantically now that he 
knew they were on the right track. He led the way 
forward down the narrow space between the lines of 
the desks, heading, as he had done in his dream, for 
the source of the light, the crystal bell jar quite as tall 
as he was that stood on a desk and appeared to be 
full of a billowing, glittering wind. 

Oh look). said Ginny, as they drew nearer, pointing 
at the very heart of the bell jar. 

Drifting along in the sparkling current inside was a 
tiny, jewelbright egg. As it rose in the jar it cracked 
open and a hummingbird emerged, which was carried 
to the very top of the jar, but as it fell on the draft, its 
feathers became bedraggled and damp again, and by 
the time it had been borne back to the bottom of the 
jar it had been enclosed once more in its egg. 



  991Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Keep going! said Harry sharply, because Ginny 
showed signs of wanting to stop and watch the eggs 
progress back into a bird. 

You dawdled enough by that old arch! she said 
crossly, but followed him past the bell jar to the only 
door behind it. 

This is it, Harry said again, and his heart was now 
pumping so hard and fast he felt it must interfere 
with his speech. Its through here   

He glanced around at them all. They had their wands 
out and looked suddenly serious and anxious. He 
looked back at the door and pushed. It swung open. 

They were there, they had found the place: high as a 
church and full of nothing but towering shelves 
covered in small, dusty, glass orbs. They glimmered 
dully in the light issuing from more candle brackets 
set at intervals along the shelves. Like those in the 
circular room behind them, their flames were burning 
blue. The room was very cold. 

Harry edged forward and peered down one of the 
shadowy aisles between two rows of shelves. He could 
not hear anything nor see the slightest sign of 
movement. 

You said it was row ninetyseven, whispered 
Hermione. 

Yeah, breathed Harry, looking up at the end of the 
closest row. Beneath the branch of blueglowing 
candles protruding from it glimmered the silver figure 
53 . 

We need to go right, I think, whispered Hermione, 
squinting to the next row. Yes ... thats fiftyfour... 

  992Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Keep your wands out, Harry said softly. 

They crept forward, staring behind them as they went 
on down the long alleys of shelves, the farther ends of 
which were in near total darkness. Tiny, yellowing 
labels had been stuck beneath each glass orb on the 
shelf. Some of them had a weird, liquid glow; others 
were as dull and dark within as blown lightbulbs. 

They passed row eightyfour ... eightyfive ... Harry 
was listening hard for the slightest sound of 
movement, but Sirius might be gagged now, or else 
unconscious ... or, said an unbidden voice inside his 
head, he might already be dead... 

Id have felt it, he told himself, his heart now 
hammering against his Adams apple. Id already 
know... 

Ninetyseven! whispered Hermione. 

They stood grouped around the end of the row, gazing 
down the alley beside it. There was nobody there. 

Hes right down at the end, said Harry, whose 
mouth had become slightly dry. You cant see 
properly from here... 

And he led them forward, between the towering rows 
of glass balls, some of which glowed softly as they 
passed... 

He should be near here, whispered Harry, convinced 
that every step was going to bring the ragged form of 
Sirius into view upon the darkened floor. Anywhere 
here ... really close ... 

Harry? said Hermione tentatively, but he did not 
want to respond. His mouth was very dry now. 

  993Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Somewhere about ... here ... he said. 



They had reached the end of the row and emerged 
into more dim candlelight. There was nobody there at 
all. All was echoing, dusty silence. 

He might be ... Harry whispered hoarsely, peering 
down the alley next door. Or maybe ... He hurried to 
look down the one beyond that. 

Harry? said Hermione again. 

What? he snarled. 

I ... I dont think Sirius is here. 

Nobody spoke. Harry did not want to look at any of 
them. He felt sick. He did not understand why Sirius 
was not here. He had to be here. This was where he, 
Harry, had seen him... 

He ran up the space at the end of the rows, staring 
down them. Empty aisle after empty aisle flickered 
past. He ran the other way, back past his staring 
companions. There was no sign of Sirius anywhere, 
nor any hint of a struggle. 

Harry? Ron called. 

What? 

He did not want to hear what Ron had to say, did not 
want to hear Ron tell him he had been stupid, or 
suggest that they ought to go back to Hogwarts. But 
the heat was rising in his face and he felt as though 
he would like to skulk down here in the darkness for 
a long while before facing the brightness of the Atrium 
above and the others accusing stares... 



  994Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Have you seen this? said Ron. 



What? said Harry, but eagerly this time  it had to 
be a sign that Sirius had been there, a clue  he 
strode back to where they were all standing, a little 
way down row ninetyseven, but found nothing except 
Ron staring at one of the dusty glass spheres on the 
shelves. 

What? Harry repeated glumly. 

Its  its got your name on, said Ron. 

Harry moved a little closer. Ron was pointing at one of 
the small glass spheres that glowed with a dull inner 
light, though it was very dusty and appeared not to 
have been touched for many years. 

My name? said Harry blankly. 

He stepped forward. Not as tall as Ron, he had to 
crane his neck to read the yellowish label affixed to 
the shelf right beneath the dusty glass ball. In spidery 
writing was written a date of some sixteen years 
previously, and below that: 

S.P.T. to A.P.W.B.D. 

Dark Lord 

and (?) Harry Potter 

Harry stared at it. 

What is it? Ron asked, sounding unnerved. Whats 
your name doing down here? 

He glanced along at the other labels on that stretch of 
shelf. 

  995Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Tm not here, he said, sounding perplexed. None of 
the rest of us are here... 

Harry, I dont think you should touch it, said 
Hermione sharply, as he stretched out his hand. 

Why not? he said. Its something to do with me, 
isnt it? 

Dont, Harry, said Neville suddenly. Harry looked 
around at him. Nevilles round face was shining 
slightly with sweat. He looked as though he could not 
take much more suspense. 

Its got my name on, said Harry. 

And feeling slightly reckless, he closed his fingers 
around the dusty balls surface. He had expected it to 
feel cold, but it did not. On the contrary, it felt as 
though it had been lying in the sun for hours, as 
though the glow of light within was warming it. 
Expecting, even hoping, that something dramatic was 
going to happen, something exciting that might make 
their long and dangerous journey worthwhile after all, 
he lifted the glass ball down from its shelf and stared 
at it. 

Nothing whatsoever happened. The others moved in 
closer around Harry, gazing at the orb as he brushed 
it free of the clogging dust. 

And then, from right behind them, a drawling voice 
said, Very good, Potter. Now turn around, nice and 
slowly, and give that to me. 



  996Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




35 




BEYOND THE VEIL 

Black shapes were emerging out of thin air all around 
them, blocking their way left and right; eyes glinted 
through slits in hoods, a dozen lit wand tips were 
pointing directly at their hearts. Ginny gave a gasp of 
horror. 

To me, Potter, repeated the drawling voice of Lucius 
Malfoy as he held out his hand, palm up. 

Harrys insides plummeted sickeningly. They were 
trapped and outnumbered two to one. 

To me, said Malfoy yet again. 

Wheres Sirius? Harry said. 

Several of the Death Eaters laughed. A harsh female 
voice from the midst of the shadowy figures to Harrys 
left said triumphantly, The Dark Lord always 
knows! 



  997Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



Always, echoed Malfoy softly. Now, give me the 
prophecy, Potter. 



I want to know where Sirius is! 

I want to know where Sirius is! mimicked the woman 
to his left. 

She and her fellow Death Eaters had closed in so that 
they were mere feet away from Harry and the others, 
the light from their wands dazzling Harrys eyes. 

Youve got him, said Harry, ignoring the rising panic 
in his chest, the dread he had been fighting since 
they had first entered the ninetyseventh row. Hes 
here. I know he is. 

The little baby woke up fwightened and fort what it 
dweamed was twoo, said the woman in a horrible, 
mockbaby voice. Harry felt Ron stir beside him. 

Dont do anything, he muttered. Not yet   

The woman who had mimicked him let out a raucous 
scream of laughter. 

You hear him? You hear him? Giving instructions to 
the other children as though he thinks of fighting us! 

Oh, you dont know Potter as I do, Bellatrix, said 
Malfoy softly. He has a great weakness for heroics; 
the Dark Lord understands this about him. Now give 
me the prophecy, Potter. 

I know Sirius is here, said Harry, though panic was 
causing his chest to constrict and he felt as though 
he could not breathe properly. I know youve got 
him! 

  998Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




More of the Death Eaters laughed, though the woman 
still laughed loudest of all. 

Its time you learned the difference between life and 
dreams, Potter, said Malfoy. Now give me the 
prophecy, or we start using wands. 

Go on, then, said Harry, raising his own wand to 
chest height. As he did so, the five wands of Ron, 
Hermione, Neville, Ginny, and Luna rose on either 
side of him. The knot in Harrys stomach tightened. If 
Sirius really was not here, he had led his friends to 
their deaths for no reason at all... 

But the Death Eaters did not strike. 

Hand over the prophecy and no one need get hurt, 
said Malfoy coolly. 

It was Harrys turn to laugh. 

Yeah, right! he said. I give you this  prophecy, is 
it? And youll just let us skip off home, will you? 

The words were hardly out of his mouth when the 
female Death Eater shrieked, Accio Proph   

Harry was just ready for her. He shouted Protego\ 
before she had finished her spell, and though the 
glass sphere slipped to the tips of his fingers he 
managed to cling on to it. 

Oh, he knows how to play, little bitty baby Potter, 
she said, her mad eyes staring through the slits in 
her hood. Very well, then   

I TOLD YOU, NO! Lucius Malfoy roared at the 
woman. If you smash it  ! 



  999Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harrys mind was racing. The Death Eaters wanted 
this dusty spunglass sphere. He had no interest in it. 
He just wanted to get them all out of this alive, make 
sure that none of his friends paid a terrible price for 
his stupidity ... 

The woman stepped forward, away from her fellows, 
and pulled off her hood. Azkaban had hollowed 
Bellatrix Lestranges face, making it gaunt and skull 
like, but it was alive with a feverish, fanatical glow. 

You need more persuasion? she said, her chest 
rising and falling rapidly. Very well  take the 
smallest one, she ordered the Death Eaters beside 
her. Let him watch while we torture the little girl. Ill 
do it. 

Harry felt the others close in around Ginny. He 
stepped sideways so that he was right in front of her, 
the prophecy held up to his chest. 

Youll have to smash this if you want to attack any of 
us, he told Bellatrix. I dont think your boss will be 
too pleased if you come back without it, will he? 

She did not move; she merely stared at him, the tip of 
her tongue moistening her thin mouth. 

So, said Harry, what kind of prophecy are we 
talking about anyway? 

He could not think what to do but to keep talking. 
Nevilles arm was pressed against his, and he could 
feel him shaking. He could feel one of the others 
quickened breath on the back of his head. He was 
hoping they were all thinking hard about ways to get 
out of this, because his mind was blank. 



  lOOOHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What kind of prophecy? repeated Bellatrix, the grin 
fading from her face. You jest, Harry Potter. 



Nope, not jesting, said Harry, his eyes flicking from 
Death Eater to Death Eater, looking for a weak link, a 
space through which they could escape. How come 
Voldemort wants it? 

Several of the Death Eaters let out low hisses. 

You dare speak his name? whispered Bellatrix. 

Yeah, said Harry, maintaining his tight grip on the 
glass ball, expecting another attempt to bewitch it 
from him. Yeah, IVe got no problem saying Vol   

Shut your mouth! Bellatrix shrieked. You dare 
speak his name with your unworthy lips, you dare 
besmirch it with your halfbloods tongue, you dare  



Did you know hes a halfblood too? said Harry 
recklessly. Hermione gave a little moan in his ear. 
Voldemort? Yeah, his mother was a witch but his 
dad was a Muggle  or has he been telling you lot 
hes pureblood? 

STUPEF   

iVO! 

A jet of red light had shot from the end of Bellatrix 
Lestranges wand, but Malfoy had deflected it. His 
spell caused hers to hit the shelf a foot to the left of 
Harry and several of the glass orbs there shattered. 

Two figures, pearly white as ghosts, fluid as smoke, 
unfurled themselves from the fragments of broken 
glass upon the floor and each began to speak. Their 

  lOOlHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




voices vied with each other, so that only fragments of 
what they were saying could be heard over Malfoy and 
Bellatrixs shouts. 



"... at the Solstice will come a new ... said the figure 
of an old, bearded man. 

DO NOT ATTACK! WE NEED THE PROPHECY! 

He dared  he dares   shrieked Bellatrix 
incoherently.   He stands there  filthy halfblood 



WAIT UNTIL WEVE GOT THE PROPHECY! bawled 
Malfoy. 

"... and none will come after ... said the figure of a 
young woman. 

The two figures that had burst from the shattered 
spheres had melted into thin air. Nothing remained of 
them or their erstwhile homes but fragments of glass 
upon the floor. They had, however, given Harry an 
idea. The problem was going to be conveying it to the 
others. 

You havent told me whats so special about this 
prophecy Im supposed to be handing over, he said, 
playing for time. He moved his foot slowly sideways, 
feeling around for someone elses. 

Do not play games with us, Potter, said Malfoy. 

Im not playing games, said Harry, half his mind on 
the conversation, half on his wandering foot. And 
then he found someones toes and pressed down upon 
them. A sharp intake of breath behind him told him 
they were Hermiones. 

  1002Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




What? she whispered. 

Dumbledore never told you that the reason you bear 
that scar was hidden in the bowels of the Department 
of Mysteries? said Malfoy sneeringly. 

I  what? said Harry, and for a moment he quite 
forgot his plan. What about my scar? 

 What? whispered Hermione more urgently behind 
him. 

Can this be? said Malfoy, sounding maliciously 
delighted; some of the Death Eaters were laughing 
again, and under cover of their laughter, Harry hissed 
to Hermione, moving his lips as little as possible, 
Smash shelves   

Dumbledore never told you? Malfoy repeated. Well, 
this explains why you didnt come earlier, Potter, the 
Dark Lord wondered why   

  when I say go   

  you didnt come running when he showed you the 
place where it was hidden in your dreams. He 
thought natural curiosity would make you want to 
hear the exact wording... 

Did he? said Harry. Behind him he felt rather than 
heard Hermione passing his message to the others 
and he sought to keep talking, to distract the Death 
Eaters. So he wanted me to come and get it, did he? 
Why? 

Why? Malfoy sounded incredulously delighted. 
Because the only people who are permitted to 
retrieve a prophecy from the Department of Mysteries, 
Potter, are those about whom it was made, as the 

  1003Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dark Lord discovered when he attempted to use 
others to steal it for him. 

And why did he want to steal a prophecy about me? 

About both of you, Potter, about both of you ... 
Havent you ever wondered why the Dark Lord tried to 
kill you as a baby? 

Harry stared into the slitted eyeholes through which 
Malfoys gray eyes were gleaming. Was this prophecy 
the reason Harrys parents had died, the reason he 
carried his lightningbolt scar? Was the answer to all 
of this clutched in his hand? 

Someone made a prophecy about Voldemort and 
me? he said quietly, gazing at Lucius Malfoy, his 
fingers tightening over the warm glass sphere in his 
hand. It was hardly larger than a Snitch and still 
gritty with dust. And hes made me come and get it 
for him? Why couldnt he come and get it himself? 

Get it himself? shrieked Bellatrix on a cackle of mad 
laughter. The Dark Lord, walk into the Ministry of 
Magic, when they are so sweetly ignoring his return? 
The Dark Lord, reveal himself to the Aurors, when at 
the moment they are wasting their time on my dear 
cousin? 

So hes got you doing his dirty work for him, has 
he? said Harry. Like he tried to get Sturgis to steal it 
 and Bode? 

Very good, Potter, very good ... said Malfoy slowly. 
But the Dark Lord knows you are not unintell   

NOW! yelled Harry. 



  1004Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Five different voices behind him bellowed REDUCTOl 
Five curses flew in five different directions and the 
shelves opposite them exploded as they hit. The 
towering structure swayed as a hundred glass 
spheres burst apart, pearlywhite figures unfurled 
into the air and floated there, their voices echoing 
from who knew what longdead past amid the torrent 
of crashing glass and splintered wood now raining 
down upon the floor  

RUN! Harry yelled, and as the shelves swayed 
precariously and more glass spheres began to pour 
from above, he seized a handful of Hermiones robes 
and dragged her forward, one arm over his head as 
chunks of shelf and shards of glass thundered down 
upon them. A Death Eater lunged forward through 
the cloud of dust and Harry elbowed him hard in the 
masked face. They were all yelling, there were cries of 
pain, thunderous crashes as the shelves collapsed 
upon themselves, weirdly echoing fragments of the 
Seers unleashed from their spheres  

Harry found the way ahead clear and saw Ron, 

Ginny, and Luna sprint past him, their arms over 
their heads. Something heavy struck him on the side 
of the face but he merely ducked his head and 
sprinted onward; a hand caught him by the shoulder; 
he heard Hermione shout Stupefy\ and the hand 
released him at once. 

They were at the end of row ninetyseven; Harry 
turned right and began to sprint in earnest. He could 
hear footsteps right behind him and Hermiones voice 
urging Neville on. The door through which they had 
come was ajar straight ahead, Harry could see the 
glittering light of the bell jar, he pelted through it, the 
prophecy still clutched tight and safe in his hand, 
waited for the others to hurtle over the threshold 
before slamming the door behind them  

  1005Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 Colloportus\ gasped Hermione and the door sealed 
itself with an odd squelching noise. 

Where  where are the others? gasped Harry. 

He had thought that Ron, Luna, and Ginny had been 
ahead of them, that they would be waiting in this 
room, but there was nobody there. 

They must have gone the wrong way! whispered 
Hermione, terror in her face. 

Listen! whispered Neville. 

Footsteps and shouts echoed from behind the door 
they had just sealed. Harry put his ear close to the 
door to listen and heard Lucius Malfoy roar: Leave 
Nott, leave him, I say, the Dark Lord will not care for 
Notts injuries as much as losing that prophecy  
Jugson, come back here, we need to organize! Well 
split into pairs and search, and dont forget, be gentle 
with Potter until weve got the prophecy, you can kill 
the others if necessary  Bellatrix, Rodolphus, you 
take the left, Crabbe, Rabastan, go right  Jugson, 
Dolohov, the door straight ahead  Macnair and 
Avery, through here  Rookwood, over there  
Mulciber, come with me! 

What do we do? Hermione asked Harry, trembling 
from head to foot. 

Well, we dont stand here waiting for them to find us, 
for a start, said Harry. Lets get away from this 
door... 

They ran, quietly as they could, past the shimmering 
bell jar where the tiny egg was hatching and 
unhatching, toward the exit into the circular hallway 
at the far end of the room. They were almost there 

  1006Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




when Harry heard something large and heavy collide 
with the door Hermione had charmed shut. 

Stand aside! said a rough voice. Alohomora\ 

As the door flew open, Harry, Hermione, and Neville 
dived under desks. They could see the bottom of the 
two Death Eaters robes drawing nearer, their feet 
moving rapidly. 

They mightve run straight through to the hall, said 
the rough voice. 

Check under the desks, said another. 

Harry saw the knees of the Death Eaters bend. Poking 
his wand out from under the desk he shouted, 
STUPEFY] 

A jet of red light hit the nearest Death Eater; he fell 
backward into a grandfather clock and knocked it 
over. The second Death Eater, however, had leapt 
aside to avoid Harrys spell and now pointed his own 
wand at Hermione, who had crawled out from under 
the desk to get a better aim. 

Avada   

Harry launched himself across the floor and grabbed 
the Death Eater around the knees, causing him to 
topple and his aim to go awry. Neville overturned his 
desk in his anxiety to help; pointing his wand wildly 
at the struggling pair he cried, EXPELLIARMUS\ 

Both Harrys and the Death Eaters wands flew out of 
their hands and soared back toward the entrance to 
the Hall of Prophecy; both scrambled to their feet and 
charged after them, the Death Eater in front and 



  1007Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry hot on his heels, Neville bringing up the rear, 
plainly horrors truck at what he had done. 



Get out of the way, Harry! yelled Neville, clearly 
determined to repair the damage. 

Harry flung himself sideways as Neville took aim 
again and shouted,  STUPEFY ! 

The jet of red light flew right over the Death Eaters 
shoulder and hit a glassfronted cabinet on the wall 
full of variously shaped hourglasses. The cabinet fell 
to the floor and burst apart, glass flying everywhere, 
then sprang back up onto the wall, fully mended, 
then fell down again, and shattered  

The Death Eater had snatched up his wand, which 
lay on the floor beside the glittering bell jar. Harry 
ducked down behind another desk as the man turned 
 his mask had slipped so that he could not see, he 
ripped it off with his free hand and shouted, STUP  



STUPEFY] screamed Hermione, who had just caught 
up with them. The jet of red light hit the Death Eater 
in the middle of his chest; he froze, his arm still 
raised, his wand fell to the floor with a clatter and he 
collapsed backward toward the bell jar. Harry 
expected to hear a clunk, for the man to hit solid glass 
and slide off the jar onto the floor, but instead, his 
head sank through the surface of the bell jar as 
though it was nothing but a soap bubble and he came 
to rest, sprawled on his back on the table, with his 
head lying inside the jar full of glittering wind. 

Accio Wand\ cried Hermione. Harrys wand flew from 
a dark corner into her hand and she threw it to him. 

Thanks, he said, right, lets get out of   

  1008Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Look out! said Neville, horrified, staring at the Death 
Eaters head in the bell jar. 

All three of them raised their wands again, but none 
of them struck. They were all gazing, openmouthed, 
appalled, at what was happening to the mans head. 

It was shrinking very fast, growing balder and balder, 
the black hair and stubble retracting into his skull, 
his cheeks smooth, his skull round and covered with 
a peachlike fuzz... 

A babys head now sat grotesquely on top of the thick, 
muscled neck of the Death Eater as he struggled to 
get up again. But even as they watched, their mouths 
open, the head began to swell to its previous 
proportions again, thick black hair was sprouting 
from the pate and chin... 

Its time, said Hermione in an awestruck voice. 

 Time ... 

The Death Eater shook his ugly head again, trying to 
clear it, but before he could pull himself together 
again, it began to shrink back to babyhood once 
more... 

There was a shout from a room nearby, then a crash 
and a scream. 

RON? Harry yelled, turning quickly from the 
monstrous transformation taking place before them. 
GINNY? LUNA? 

Harry! Hermione screamed. 

The Death Eater had pulled his head out of the bell 
jar. His appearance was utterly bizarre, his tiny 
babys head bawling loudly while his thick arms 

  1009Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




flailed dangerously in all directions, narrowly missing 
Harry, who ducked. Harry raised his wand but to his 
amazement Hermione seized his arm. 

You cant hurt a baby! 

There was no time to argue the point. Harry could 
hear more footsteps growing louder from the Hall of 
Prophecy they had just left and knew, too late, that 
he ought not to have shouted and given away their 
position. 

Come on! he said again, and leaving the ugly baby 
headed Death Eater staggering behind them, they 
took off for the door that stood ajar at the other end of 
the room, leading back into the black hallway. 

They had run halfway toward it when Harry saw 
through the open door two more Death Eaters 
running across the black room toward them. Veering 
left he burst instead into a small, dark, cluttered 
office and slammed the door behind them. 

Collo   began Hermione, but before she could 
complete the spell the door had burst open again and 
the two Death Eaters had come hurtling inside. With 
a cry of triumph, both yelled,  IMPEDIMENT A\ 

Harry, Hermione, and Neville were all knocked 
backward off their feet. Neville was thrown over the 
desk and disappeared from view, Hermione smashed 
into a bookcase and was promptly deluged in a 
cascade of heavy books; the back of Harrys head 
slammed into the stone wall behind him, tiny lights 
burst in front of his eyes, and for a moment he was 
too dizzy and bewildered to react. 

WEVE GOT HIM! yelled the Death Eater nearest 
Harry, IN AN OFFICE OFF   

  lOlOHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 Silenciol  cried Hermione, and the mans voice was 
extinguished. He continued to mouth through the 
hole in his mask, but no sound came out; he was 
thrust aside by his fellow. 

Petrificus Totalusl shouted Harry, as the second 
Death Eater raised his wand. His arms and legs 
snapped together and he fell forward, facedown onto 
the rug at Harrys feet, stiff as a board and unable to 
move at all. 

Well done, Ha   

But the Death Eater Hermione had just struck dumb 
made a sudden slashing movement with his wand 
from which flew a streak of what looked like purple 
flame. It passed right across Hermiones chest; she 
gave a tiny oh! as though of surprise and then 
crumpled onto the floor where she lay motionless. 

HERMIONE! 

Harry fell to his knees beside her as Neville crawled 
rapidly toward her from under the desk, his wand 
held up in front of him. The Death Eater kicked out 
hard at Nevilles head as he emerged  his foot broke 
Nevilles wand in two and connected with his face  
Neville gave a howl of pain and recoiled, clutching his 
mouth and nose. Harry twisted around, his own wand 
held high, and saw that the Death Eater had ripped 
off his mask and was pointing his wand directly at 
Harry, who recognized the long, pale, twisted face 
from the Daily Prophet: Antonin Dolohov, the wizard 
who had murdered the Prewetts. 

Dolohov grinned. With his free hand, he pointed from 
the prophecy still clutched in Harrys hand, to 
himself, then at Hermione. Though he could no longer 



  lOUHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




speak his meaning could not have been clearer: Give 
me the prophecy, or you get the same as her... 



Like you wont kill us all the moment I hand it over 
anyway! said Harry. 

A whine of panic inside his head was preventing him 
thinking properly. He had one hand on Hermiones 
shoulder, which was still warm, yet did not dare look 
at her properly. Dont let her be dead, dont let her be 
dead, its my fault if shes dead... 

Whaddever you do, Harry, said Neville fiercely from 
under the desk, lowering his hands to show a clearly 
broken nose and blood pouring down his mouth and 
chin, dond gib it to him! 

Then there was a crash outside the door, and Dolohov 
looked over his shoulder  the babyheaded Death 
Eater had appeared in the doorway, his head bawling, 
his great fists still flailing uncontrollably at everything 
around him. 

Harry seized his chance: PETRIFICUS TOT ALU S\ 

The spell hit Dolohov before he could block it, and he 
toppled forward across his comrade, both of them 
rigid as boards and unable to move an inch. 

Hermione, Harry said at once, shaking her as the 
babyheaded Death Eater blundered out of sight 
again. Hermione, wake up... 

Whaddid he do to her? said Neville, crawling out 
from under the desk again to kneel at her other side, 
blood streaming from his rapidly swelling nose. I 
dunno... 

Neville groped for Hermiones wrist. 

  1012Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dats a pulse, Harry, Ib sure id is... 



Such a powerful wave of relief swept through Harry 
that for a moment he felt lightheaded. 

Shes alive? 

Yeah, I dink so... 

There was a pause in which Harry listened hard for 
the sounds of more footsteps, but all he could hear 
were the whimpers and blunderings of the baby 
Death Eater in the next room. 

Neville, were not far from the exit, Harry whispered. 
Were right next to that circular room... If we can just 
get you across it and find the right door before any 
more Death Eaters come, Ill bet you can get 
Hermione up the corridor and into the lift... Then you 
could find someone... Raise the alarm ... 

And whad are you going do do? said Neville, 
mopping his bleeding nose with his sleeve and 
frowning at Harry. 

Ive got to find the others, said Harry. 

Well, Ib going do find dem wid you, said Neville 
firmly. 

But Hermione   

Well dake her wid us, said Neville firmly. Ill carry 
her  youre bedder at fighding dem dan I ab   

He stood up and seized one of Hermiones arms, 
glared at Harry, who hesitated, then grabbed the 
other and helped hoist Hermiones limp form over 
Nevilles shoulders. 

  1013Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Wait, said Harry, snatching up Hermiones wand 
from the floor and shoving it into Nevilles hand, 

youd better take this... 

Neville kicked aside the broken fragments of his own 
wand as they walked slowly toward the door. 

My grans going do kill be, said Neville thickly, blood 
spattering from his nose as he spoke, dat was by 
dads old wand... 

Harry stuck his head out of the door and looked 
around cautiously. The babyheaded Death Eater was 
screaming and banging into things, toppling 
grandfather clocks and overturning desks, bawling 
and confused, while the glass cabinet that Harry now 
suspected had contained TimeTurners continued to 
fall, shatter, and repair itself on the wall behind them. 

Hes never going to notice us, he whispered. Cmon 
... keep close behind me... 

They crept out of the office and back toward the door 
into the black hallway, which now seemed completely 
deserted. They walked a few steps forward, Neville 
tottering slightly due to Hermiones weight. The door 
of the Time Room swung shut behind them, and the 
walls began to rotate once more. The recent blow on 
the back of Harrys head seemed to have unsteadied 
him; he narrowed his eyes, swaying slightly, until the 
walls stopped moving again. With a sinking heart 
Harry saw that Hermiones fiery crosses had faded 
from the doors. 

So which way dyou reck  ? 

But before they could make a decision as to which 
way to try, a door to their right sprang open and three 
people fell out of it. 

  1014Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ron! croaked Harry, dashing toward them. Ginny 
 are you all  ? 

Harry, said Ron, giggling weakly, lurching forward, 
seizing the front of Harrys robes and gazing at him 
with unfocused eyes. There you are... Ha ha ha ... 
You look funny, Harry... Youre all messed up... 

Rons face was very white and something dark was 
trickling from the corner of his mouth. Next moment 
his knees had given way, but he still clutched the 
front of Harrys robes, so that Harry was pulled into a 
kind of bow. 

Ginny? Harry said fearfully. What happened? 

But Ginny shook her head and slid down the wall into 
a sitting position, panting and holding her ankle. 

I think her ankles broken, I heard something crack, 
whispered Luna, who was bending over her and who 
alone seemed to be unhurt. Four of them chased us 
into a dark room full of planets, it was a very odd 
place, some of the time we were just floating in the 
dark   

Harry, we saw Uranus up close! said Ron, still 
giggling feebly. Get it, Harry? We saw Uranus  ha 
ha ha   

A bubble of blood grew at the corner of Rons mouth 
and burst. 

Anyway, one of them grabbed Ginnys foot, I used the 
Reductor Curse and blew up Pluto in his face, but ... 

Luna gestured hopelessly at Ginny, who was 
breathing in a very shallow way, her eyes still closed. 



  1015Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And what about Ron? said Harry fearfully, as Ron 
continued to giggle, still hanging off the front of 
Harrys robes. 

I dont know what they hit him with, said Luna 
sadly, but hes gone a bit funny, I could hardly get 
him along at all... 

Harry, said Ron, pulling Harrys ear down to his 
mouth and still giggling weakly, you know who this 
girl is, Harry? Shes Loony ... Loony Lovegood ... ha 
ha ha... 

Weve got to get out of here, said Harry firmly. 

Luna, can you help Ginny? 

Yes, said Luna, sticking her wand behind her ear for 
safekeeping, putting an arm around Ginnys waist 
and pulling her up. 

Its only my ankle, I can do it myself! said Ginny 
impatiently, but next moment she had collapsed 
sideways and grabbed Luna for support. Harry pulled 
Rons arm over his shoulder just as, so many months 
ago, he had pulled Dudleys. He looked around: They 
had a oneintwelve chance of getting the exit right 
the first time  

He heaved Ron toward a door; they were within a few 
feet of it when another door across the hall burst 
open and three Death Eaters sped into the hall, led by 
Bellatrix Lestrange. 

 There they are! she shrieked. 

Stunning Spells shot across the room: Harry smashed 
his way through the door ahead, flung Ron 
unceremoniously from him, and ducked back to help 
Neville in with Hermione. They were all over the 

  1016Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




threshold just in time to slam the door against 
Bellatrix. 



 Colloportus\ shouted Harry, and he heard three 
bodies slam into the door on the other side. 

It doesnt matter! said a mans voice. There are 
other ways in  WEVE GOT THEM, THEYRE HERE! 

Harry spun around. They were back in the Brain 
Room and, sure enough, there were doors all around 
the walls. He could hear footsteps in the hall behind 
them as more Death Eaters came running to join the 
first. 

Luna  Neville  help me! 

The three of them tore around the room, sealing the 
doors as they went: Harry crashed into a table and 
rolled over the top of it in his haste to reach the next 
door. 

 Colloportusl 

There were footsteps running along behind the doors; 

every now and then another heavy body would launch 

itself against one, so it creaked and shuddered. Luna 

and Neville were bewitching the doors along the 

opposite wall  then, as Harry reached the very top of 

the room, he heard Luna cry, Collo  aaaaaaaaargh 
?? 



He turned in time to see her flying through the air. 

Five Death Eaters were surging into the room through 
the door she had not reached in time; Luna hit a 
desk, slid over its surface and onto the floor on the 
other side where she lay sprawled, as still as 
Hermione. 

  1017Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Get Potter! shrieked Bellatrix, and she ran at him. 
He dodged her and sprinted back up the room; he 
was safe as long as they thought they might hit the 
prophecy  

Hey! said Ron, who had staggered to his feet and 
was now tottering drunkenly toward Harry, giggling. 
Hey, Harry, there are brains in here, ha ha ha, isnt 
that weird, Harry? 

Ron, get out of the way, get down   

But Ron had already pointed his wand at the tank. 

Honest, Harry, theyre brains  look  Accio Brain\ 

The scene seemed momentarily frozen. Harry, Ginny, 
and Neville and each of the Death Eaters turned in 
spite of themselves to watch the top of the tank as a 
brain burst from the green liquid like a leaping fish. 
For a moment it seemed suspended in midair, then it 
soared toward Ron, spinning as it came, and what 
looked like ribbons of moving images flew from it, 
unraveling like rolls of film  

Ha ha ha, Harry, look at it   said Ron, watching it 
disgorge its gaudy innards. Harry, come and touch 
it, bet its weird   

RON, NO! 

Harry did not know what would happen if Ron 
touched the tentacles of thought now flying behind 
the brain, but he was sure it would not be anything 
good. He darted forward but Ron had already caught 
the brain in his outstretched hands. 



  1018Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The moment they made contact with his skin, the 
tentacles began wrapping themselves around Rons 
arms like ropes. 

Harry, look whats happen  no  no, I dont like it 
 no, stop  stop   

But the thin ribbons were spinning around Rons 
chest now. He tugged and tore at them as the brain 
was pulled tight against him like an octopuss body. 

Diffindol yelled Harry, trying to sever the feelers 
wrapping themselves tightly around Ron before his 
eyes, but they would not break. Ron fell over, still 
thrashing against his bonds. 

Harry, itll suffocate him! screamed Ginny, 
immobilized by her broken ankle on the floor  then 
a jet of red light flew from one of the Death Eaters 
wands and hit her squarely in the face. She keeled 
over sideways and lay there unconscious. 

 STUBEFYl shouted Neville, wheeling around and 
waving Hermiones wand at the oncoming Death 
Eaters. STUBEFY, STUBEFYl 

But nothing happened  one of the Death Eaters 
shot their own Stunning Spell at Neville; it missed 
him by inches. Harry and Neville were now the only 
two left fighting the five Death Eaters, two of whom 
sent streams of silver light like arrows past them that 
left craters in the wall behind them. Harry ran for it 
as Bellatrix Lestrange sprinted right at him. Holding 
the prophecy high above his head he sprinted back 
up the room; all he could think of doing was to draw 
the Death Eaters away from the others. 

It seemed to have worked. They streaked after him, 
knocking chairs and tables flying but not daring to 

  1019Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




bewitch him in case they hurt the prophecy, and he 
dashed through the only door still open, the one 
through which the Death Eaters themselves had 
come. Inwardly praying that Neville would stay with 
Ron  find some way of releasing him  he ran a few 
feet into the new room and felt the floor vanish  

He was falling down steep stone step after steep stone 
step, bouncing on every tier until at last, with a crash 
that knocked all the breath out of his body, he landed 
flat on his back in the sunken pit where the stone 
archway stood on its dais. The whole room was 
ringing with the Death Eaters laughter. He looked up 
and saw the five who had been in the Brain Room 
descending toward him, while as many more emerged 
through other doorways and began leaping from 
bench to bench toward him. Harry got to his feet 
though his legs were trembling so badly they barely 
supported him. The prophecy was still miraculously 
unbroken in his left hand, his wand clutched tightly 
in his right. He backed away, looking around, trying 
to keep all the Death Eaters within his sights. The 
back of his legs hit something solid; he had reached 
the dais where the archway stood. He climbed 
backward onto it. 

The Death Eaters all halted, gazing at him. Some were 
panting as hard as he was. One was bleeding badly; 
Dolohov, freed of the full BodyBind, was leering, his 
wand pointing straight at Harrys face. 

Potter, your race is run, drawled Lucius Malfoy, 
pulling off his mask. Now hand me the prophecy like 
a good boy... 

Let  let the others go, and Ill give it to you! said 
Harry desperately. 

A few of the Death Eaters laughed. 

  1020Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You are not in a position to bargain, Potter, said 
Lucius Malfoy, his pale face flushed with pleasure. 

You see, there are ten of us and only one of you ... or 
hasnt Dumbledore ever taught you how to count? 

Hes dot alone! shouted a voice from above them. 

Hes still god be! 

Harrys heart sank. Neville was scrambling down the 
stone benches toward them, Hermiones wand held 
fast in his trembling hand. 

Neville  no  go back to Ron   

STUBEFYl Neville shouted again, pointing his wand 
at each Death Eater in turn, STUBEFYl. STUBE   

One of the largest Death Eaters seized Neville from 
behind, pinioning his arms to his sides. He struggled 
and kicked; several of the Death Eaters laughed. 

Its Longbottom, isnt it? sneered Lucius Malfoy. 

Well, your grandmother is used to losing family 
members to our cause... Your death will not come as 
a great shock... 

Longbottom? repeated Bellatrix, and a truly evil 
smile lit her gaunt face. Why, I have had the 
pleasure of meeting your parents, boy... 

I DOE YOU HAB! roared Neville, and he fought so 
hard against his captors encircling grip that the 
Death Eater shouted, Someone Stun him! 

No, no, no, said Bellatrix. She looked transported, 
alive with excitement as she glanced at Harry, then 
back at Neville. No, lets see how long Longbottom 
lasts before he cracks like his parents... Unless Potter 
wants to give us the prophecy   

  1021Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




DOND GIB ID DO DEM! roared Neville, who seemed 
beside himself, kicking and writhing as Bellatrix drew 
nearer to him and his captor, her wand raised. 

DOND GIB ID DO DEM, HARRY! 

Bellatrix raised her wand. Cruciol 

Neville screamed, his legs drawn up to his chest so 
that the Death Eater holding him was momentarily 
holding him off the ground. The Death Eater dropped 
him and he fell to the floor, twitching and screaming 
in agony. 

That was just a taster! said Bellatrix, raising her 
wand so that Nevilles screams stopped and he lay 
sobbing at her feet. She turned and gazed up at 
Harry. Now, Potter, either give us the prophecy, or 
watch your little friend die the hard way! 

Harry did not have to think; there was no choice. The 
prophecy was hot with the heat from his clutching 
hand as he held it out. Malfoy jumped forward to take 
it. 

Then, high above them, two more doors burst open 
and five more people sprinted into the room: Sirius, 
Lupin, Moody, Tonks, and Kingsley. 

Malfoy turned and raised his wand, but Tonks had 
already sent a Stunning Spell right at him. Harry did 
not wait to see whether it had made contact, but 
dived off the dais out of the way. The Death Eaters 
were completely distracted by the appearance of the 
members of the Order, who were now raining spells 
down upon them as they jumped from step to step 
toward the sunken floor: Through the darting bodies, 
the flashes of light, Harry could see Neville crawling 
along. He dodged another jet of red light and flung 
himself flat on the ground to reach Neville. 

  1022Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Are you okay? he yelled, as another spell soared 
inches over their heads. 



Yes, said Neville, trying to pull himself up. 

And Ron? 

I dink hes all right  he was still fighding the brain 
when I left   

The stone floor between them exploded as a spell hit 
it, leaving a crater right where Nevilles hand had 
been seconds before. Both scrambled away from the 
spot, then a thick arm came out of nowhere, seized 
Harry around the neck and pulled him upright, so 
that his toes were barely touching the floor. 

Give it to me, growled a voice in his ear, give me the 
prophecy   

The man was pressing so tightly on Harrys windpipe 
that he could not breathe  through watering eyes he 
saw Sirius dueling with a Death Eater some ten feet 
away. Kingsley was fighting two at once; Tonks, still 
halfway up the tiered seats, was firing spells down at 
Bellatrix  nobody seemed to realize that Harry was 
dying... He turned his wand backward toward the 
mans side, but had no breath to utter an incantation, 
and the mans free hand was groping toward the hand 
in which Harry was grasping the prophecy  

AARGH! 

Neville had come lunging out of nowhere: Unable to 
articulate a spell, he had jabbed Hermiones wand 
hard into the eyehole of the Death Eaters mask. The 
man relinquished Harry at once with a howl of pain 
and Harry whirled around to face him and gasped, 
STUPEFY] 

  1023Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The Death Eater keeled over backward and his mask 
slipped off. It was Macnair, Buckbeaks wouldbe 
killer, one of his eyes now swollen and bloodshot. 

Thanks! Harry said to Neville, pulling him aside as 
Sirius and his Death Eater lurched past, dueling so 
fiercely that their wands were blurs. Then Harrys foot 
made contact with something round and hard and he 
slipped  for a moment he thought he had dropped 
the prophecy, then saw Moodys magic eye spinning 
away across the floor. 

Its owner was lying on his side, bleeding from the 
head, and his attacker was now bearing down upon 
Harry and Neville: Dolohov, his long pale face twisted 
with glee. 

Tarantallegrcd he shouted, his wand pointing at 
Neville, whose legs went immediately into a kind of 
frenzied tap dance, unbalancing him and causing him 
to fall to the floor again. Now, Potter   

He made the same slashing movement with his wand 
that he had used on Hermione just as Harry yelled, 
Protego\ 

Harry felt something streak across his face like a 
blunt knife but the force of it knocked him sideways, 
and he fell over Nevilles jerking legs, but the Shield 
Charm had stopped the worst of the spell. 

Dolohov raised his wand again. Accio Proph   

Sirius hurtled out of nowhere, rammed Dolohov with 
his shoulder, and sent him flying out of the way. The 
prophecy had again flown to the tips of Harrys fingers 
but he had managed to cling to it. Now Sirius and 
Dolohov were dueling, their wands flashing like 
swords, sparks flying from their wand tips  

  1024Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dolohov drew back his wand to make the same 
slashing movement he had used on Harry and 
Hermione. Springing up, Harry yelled, Petrificus 
Totalusl Once again, Dolohovs arms and legs 
snapped together and he keeled over backward, 
landing with a crash on his back. 

Nice one! shouted Sirius, forcing Harrys head down 
as a pair of Stunning Spells flew toward them. Now I 
want you to get out of   

They both ducked again. A jet of green light had 
narrowly missed Sirius; across the room Harry saw 
Tonks fall from halfway up the stone steps, her limp 
form toppling from stone seat to stone seat, and 
Bellatrix, triumphant, running back toward the fray. 

Harry, take the prophecy, grab Neville, and run! 
Sirius yelled, dashing to meet Bellatrix. Harry did not 
see what happened next: Kingsley swayed across his 
field of vision, battling with the pockmarked 
Rookwood, now maskless; another jet of green light 
flew over Harrys head as he launched himself toward 
Neville  

Can you stand? he bellowed in Nevilles ear, as 
Nevilles legs jerked and twitched uncontrollably. Put 
your arm round my neck   

Neville did so  Harry heaved  Nevilles legs were 
still flying in every direction, they would not support 
him and then, out of nowhere, a man lunged at them. 
Both fell backward, Nevilles legs waving wildly like an 
overturned beetles, Harry with his left arm held up in 
the air to try and save the small glass ball from being 
smashed. 



  1025Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The prophecy, give me the prophecy, Potter! snarled 
Lucius Malfoys voice in his ear, and Harry felt the tip 
of Malfoys wand pressing hard between his ribs. 

No  get  off  me ... Neville  catch it! 

Harry flung the prophecy across the floor, Neville 
spun himself around on his back and scooped the 
ball to his chest. Malfoy pointed the wand instead at 
Neville, but Harry jabbed his own wand back over his 
shoulder and yelled, Impedimental 

Malfoy was blasted off his back. As Harry scrambled 
up again he looked around and saw Malfoy smash 
into the dais on which Sirius and Bellatrix were now 
dueling. Malfoy aimed his wand at Harry and Neville 
again, but before he could draw breath to strike, 
Lupin had jumped between them. 

Harry, round up the others and GO! 

Harry seized Neville by the shoulder of his robes and 
lifted him bodily onto the first tier of stone steps. 
Nevilles legs twitched and jerked and would not 
support his weight. Harry heaved again with all the 
strength he possessed and they climbed another step 



A spell hit the stone bench at Harrys heel. It 
crumbled away and he fell back to the step below: 
Neville sank to the ground, his legs still jerking and 
thrashing, and thrust the prophecy into his pocket. 

Come on! said Harry desperately, hauling at 
Nevilles robes. Just try and push with your legs   

He gave another stupendous heave and Nevilles robes 
tore all along the left seam  the small spunglass 
ball dropped from his pocket and before either of 

  1026Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




them could catch it, one of Nevilles floundering feet 
kicked it. It flew some ten feet to their right and 
smashed on the step beneath them. As both of them 
stared at the place where it had broken, appalled at 
what had happened, a pearlywhite figure with hugely 
magnified eyes rose into the air, unnoticed by any but 
them. Harry could see its mouth moving, but in all 
the crashes and screams and yells surrounding them, 
not one word of the prophecy could he hear. The 
figure stopped speaking and dissolved into 
nothingness. 

Harry, Ib sorry! cried Neville, his face anguished as 
his legs continued to flounder, Ib so sorry, Harry, I 
didnd bean do   

It doesnt matter! Harry shouted. Just try and 
stand, lets get out of   

 Dubbledorel said Neville, his sweaty face suddenly 
transported, staring over Harrys shoulder. 

What? 

DUBBLEDORE! 

Harry turned to look where Neville was staring. 

Directly above them, framed in the doorway from the 
Brain Room, stood Albus Dumbledore, his wand aloft, 
his face white and furious. Harry felt a kind of electric 
charge surge through every particle of his body  
they were saved. 

Dumbledore sped down the steps past Neville and 
Harry, who had no more thought of leaving. 
Dumbledore was already at the foot of the steps when 
the Death Eaters nearest realized he was there. There 
were yells; one of the Death Eaters ran for it, 
scrabbling like a monkey up the stone steps opposite. 
  1027Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Dumbledores spell pulled him back as easily and 
effortlessly as though he had hooked him with an 
invisible line  



Only one couple were still battling, apparently 
unaware of the new arrival. Harry saw Sirius duck 
Bellatrixs jet of red light: He was laughing at her. 
Come on, you can do better than that! he yelled, his 
voice echoing around the cavernous room. 

The second jet of light hit him squarely on the chest. 

The laughter had not quite died from his face, but his 
eyes widened in shock. 

Harry released Neville, though he was unaware of 
doing so. He was jumping down the steps again, 
pulling out his wand, as Dumbledore turned to the 
dais too. 

It seemed to take Sirius an age to fall. His body 
curved in a graceful arc as he sank backward through 
the ragged veil hanging from the arch... 

And Harry saw the look of mingled fear and surprise 
on his godfathers wasted, oncehandsome face as he 
fell through the ancient doorway and disappeared 
behind the veil, which fluttered for a moment as 
though in a high wind and then fell back into place. 

Harry heard Bellatrix Lestranges triumphant scream, 
but knew it meant nothing  Sirius had only just 
fallen through the archway, he would reappear from 
the other side any second... 

But Sirius did not reappear. 

SIRIUS! Harry yelled, SIRIUS! 

  1028Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He had reached the floor, his breath coming in 
searing gasps. Sirius must be just behind the curtain, 
he, Harry, would pull him back out again... 

But as he reached the ground and sprinted toward 
the dais, Lupin grabbed Harry around the chest, 
holding him back. 

Theres nothing you can do, Harry   

Get him, save him, hes only just gone through! 

Its too late, Harry   

We can still reach him   

Harry struggled hard and viciously, but Lupin would 
not let go... 

Theres nothing you can do, Harry ... nothing... Hes 
gone. 



  1029Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE ONLY ONE HE EVER FEARED 

He hasnt gone! Harry yelled. 

He did not believe it, he would not believe it; still he 
fought Lupin with every bit of strength he had: Lupin 
did not understand, people hid behind that curtain, 
he had heard them whispering the first time he had 
entered the room  Sirius was hiding, simply lurking 
out of sight  

SIRIUS! he bellowed, SIRIUS! 

He cant come back, Harry, said Lupin, his voice 
breaking as he struggled to contain Harry. He cant 
come back, because hes d   

HE  IS  NOT  DEAD! roared Harry. SIRIUS! 

There was movement going on around them, pointless 
bustling, the flashes of more spells. To Harry it was 
meaningless noise, the deflected curses flying past 
them did not matter, nothing mattered except that 
Lupin stop pretending that Sirius, who was standing 
  1030Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



feet from them behind that old curtain, was not going 
to emerge at any moment, shaking back his dark hair 
and eager to reenter the battle  

Lupin dragged Harry away from the dais, Harry still 
staring at the archway, angry at Sirius now for 
keeping him waiting  

But some part of him realized, even as he fought to 
break free from Lupin, that Sirius had never kept him 
waiting before... Sirius had risked everything, always, 
to see Harry, to help him... If Sirius was not 
reappearing out of that archway when Harry was 
yelling for him as though his life depended on it, the 
only possible explanation was that he could not come 
back. . . That he really was . . . 

Dumbledore had most of the remaining Death Eaters 
grouped in the middle of the room, seemingly 
immobilized by invisible ropes. MadEye Moody had 
crawled across the room to where Tonks lay and was 
attempting to revive her. Behind the dais there were 
still flashes of light, grunts, and cries  Kingsley had 
run forward to continue Siriuss duel with Bellatrix. 

Harry? 

Neville had slid down the stone benches one by one to 
the place where Harry stood. Harry was no longer 
struggling against Lupin, who maintained a 
precautionary grip on his arm nevertheless. 

Harry ... Ib really sorry... said Neville. His legs were 
still dancing uncontrollably. Was dat man  was 
Sirius Black a  a friend of yours? 

Harry nodded. 



  1031Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Here, said Lupin quietly, and pointing his wand at 
Nevilles legs he said, Finite. The spell was lifted. 
Nevilles legs fell back onto the floor and remained 
still. Lupins face was pale. Lets  lets find the 
others. Where are they all, Neville? 

Lupin turned away from the archway as he spoke. It 
sounded as though every word was causing him pain. 

Deyre all back dere, said Neville. A brain addacked 
Ron bud I dink hes all righd  and Herbiones 
unconscious, bud we could feel a bulse   

There was a loud bang and a yell from behind the 
dais. Harry saw Kingsley, yelling in pain, hit the 
ground. Bellatrix Lestrange turned tail and ran as 
Dumbledore whipped around. He aimed a spell at her 
but she deflected it. She was halfway up the steps 
now  

Harry  no! cried Lupin, but Harry had already 
ripped his arm from Lupins slackened grip. 

SHE KILLED SIRIUS! bellowed Harry. SHE KILLED 
HIM  ILL KILL HER! 

And he was off, scrambling up the stone benches. 
People were shouting behind him but he did not care. 
The hem of Bellatrixs robes whipped out of sight 
ahead and they were back in the room where the 
brains were swimming. . . 

She aimed a curse over her shoulder. The tank rose 
into the air and tipped. Harry was deluged in the foul 
smelling potion within. The brains slipped and slid 
over him and began spinning their long, colored 
tentacles, but he shouted, Wingardium Levioscd and 
they flew into the air away from him. Slipping and 
sliding he ran on toward the door. He leapt over Luna, 
  1032Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




who was groaning on the floor, past Ginny, who said, 
Harry  what  ? past Ron, who giggled feebly, and 
Hermione, who was still unconscious. He wrenched 
open the door into the circular black hall and saw 
Bellatrix disappearing through a door on the other 
side of the room  beyond her was the corridor 
leading back to the lifts. 

He ran, but she had slammed the door behind her 
and the walls had begun to rotate again. Once more 
he was surrounded by streaks of blue light from the 
whirling candelabra. 

Wheres the exit? he shouted desperately, as the 
wall rumbled to a halt again. Wheres the way out? 

The room seemed to have been waiting for him to ask. 
The door right behind him flew open, and the corridor 
toward the lifts stretched ahead of him, torch lit and 
empty. He ran... 

He could hear a lift clattering ahead of him. He 
sprinted up the passageway, swung around the 
corner, and slammed his fist onto the button to call a 
second lift. It jangled and banged lower and lower; the 
grilles slid open and Harry dashed inside, now 
hammering the button marked Atrium. The doors slid 
shut and he was rising. . . 

He forced his way out of the lift before the grilles were 
fully open and looked around. Bellatrix was almost at 
the telephone lift at the other end of the hall, but she 
looked back as he sprinted toward her, and aimed 
another spell at him. He dodged behind the Fountain 
of Magical Brethren; the spell zoomed past him and 
hit the wrought gold gates at the other end of the 
Atrium so that they rang like bells. There were no 
more footsteps. She had stopped running. He 
crouched behind the statues, listening. 

  1033Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




 Come out, come out, little HarryV she called in her 
mockbaby voice, which echoed off the polished 
wooden floors. What did you come after me for, then? 

I thought you were here to avenge my dear cousin! 

I am! shouted Harry, and a score of ghostly Harrys 
seemed to chorus I am\ I am\ I am\ all around the 
room. 

Aaaaaah . . . did you love him, little baby Potter? 

Hatred rose in Harry such as he had never known 
before. He flung himself out from behind the fountain 
and bellowed CrucioV 

Bellatrix screamed. The spell had knocked her off her 
feet, but she did not writhe and shriek with pain as 
Neville had  she was already on her feet again, 
breathless, no longer laughing. Harry dodged behind 
the golden fountain again  her counterspell hit the 
head of the handsome wizard, which was blown off 
and landed twenty feet away, gouging long scratches 
into the wooden floor. 

Never used an Unforgivable Curse before, have you, 
boy? she yelled. She had abandoned her baby voice 
now. You need to mean them, Potter! You need to 
really want to cause pain  to enjoy it  righteous 
anger wont hurt me for long  Ill show you how it is 
done, shall I? Ill give you a lesson   

Harry had been edging around the fountain on the 
other side. She screamed, Cruciol and he was forced 
to duck down again as the centaurs arm, holding its 
bow, spun off and landed with a crash on the floor a 
short distance from the golden wizards head. 

Potter, you cannot win against me! she cried. He 
could hear her moving to the right, trying to get a 

  1034Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




clear shot of him. He backed around the statue away 
from her, crouching behind the centaurs legs, his 
head level with the houseelfs. I was and am the 
Dark Lords most loyal servant, I learned the Dark 
Arts from him, and I know spells of such power that 
you, pathetic little boy, can never hope to compete   

Stupefy\ yelled Harry. He had edged right around to 
where the goblin stood beaming up at the now 
headless wizard and taken aim at her back as she 
peered around the fountain for him. She reacted so 
fast he barely had time to duck. 

Protegol 

The jet of red light, his own Stunning Spell, bounced 
back at him. Harry scrambled back behind the 
fountain, and one of the goblins ears went flying 
across the room. 

Potter, I am going to give you one chance! shouted 
Bellatrix. Give me the prophecy  roll it out toward 
me now  and I may spare your life! 

Well, youre going to have to kill me, because its 
gone! Harry roared  and as he shouted it, pain 
seared across his forehead. His scar was on fire 
again, and he felt a surge of fury that was quite 
unconnected with his own rage. And he knows! said 
Harry with a mad laugh to match Bellatrix s own. 

Your dear old mate Voldemort knows its gone! Hes 
not going to be happy with you, is he? 

What? What do you mean? she cried, and for the 
first time there was fear in her voice. 

The prophecy smashed when I was trying to get 
Neville up the steps! What do you think Voldemortll 
say about that, then? 

  1035Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




His scar seared and burned... The pain of it was 
making his eyes stream... 



LIAR! she shrieked, but he could hear the terror 
behind the anger now. YOUVE GOT IT, POTTER, 
AND YOU WILL GIVE IT TO ME  Accio Prophecy ! 
ACCIO PROPHECY ! 

Harry laughed again because he knew it would 
incense her, the pain building in his head so badly he 
thought his skull might burst. He waved his empty 
hand from behind the oneeared goblin and withdrew 
it quickly as she sent another jet of green light flying 
at him. 

Nothing there! he shouted. Nothing to summon! It 
smashed and nobody heard what it said, tell your 
boss that   

No! she screamed. It isnt true, youre lying  
MASTER, I TRIED, I TRIED  DO NOT PUNISH ME 



Dont waste your breath! yelled Harry, his eyes 
screwed up against the pain in his scar, now more 
terrible than ever. He cant hear you from here! 

Cant I, Potter? said a high, cold voice. 

Harry opened his eyes. 

Tall, thin, and blackhooded, his terrible snakelike 
face white and gaunt, his scarlet, slitpupiled eyes 
staring ... Lord Voldemort had appeared in the middle 
of the hall, his wand pointing at Harry who stood 
frozen, quite unable to move. 

So you smashed my prophecy? said Voldemort 
softly, staring at Harry with those pitiless red eyes. 

  1036Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No, Bella, he is not lying... I see the truth looking at 
me from within his worthless mind... Months of 
preparation, months of effort . . . and my Death Eaters 
have let Harry Potter thwart me again... 

Master, I am sorry, I knew not, I was fighting the 
Animagus Black! sobbed Bellatrix, flinging herself 
down at Voldemorts feet as he paced slowly nearer. 
Master, you should know   

Be quiet, Bella, said Voldemort dangerously. I shall 
deal with you in a moment. Do you think I have 
entered the Ministry of Magic to hear your sniveling 
apologies? 

But Master  he is here  he is below   

Voldemort paid no attention. 

I have nothing more to say to you, Potter, he said 
quietly. You have irked me too often, for too long. 
AVADA KEDAVRAl 

Harry had not even opened his mouth to resist. His 
mind was blank, his wand pointing uselessly at the 
floor. 

But the headless golden statue of the wizard in the 
fountain had sprung alive, leaping from its plinth, 
and landed on the floor with a crash between Harry 
and Voldemort. The spell merely glanced off its chest 
as the statue flung out its arms, protecting Harry. 

What  ? said Voldemort, staring around. And then 
he breathed, Dumbledore! 

Harry looked behind him, his heart pounding. 
Dumbledore was standing in front of the golden gates. 



  1037Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Voldemort raised his wand and sent another jet of 
green light at Dumbledore, who turned and was gone 
in a whirling of his cloak; next second he had 
reappeared behind Voldemort and waved his wand 
toward the remnants of the fountain; the other 
statues sprang to life too. The statue of the witch ran 
at Bellatrix, who screamed and sent spells streaming 
uselessly off its chest, before it dived at her, pinning 
her to the floor. Meanwhile, the goblin and the house 
elf scuttled toward the fireplaces set along the wall, 
and the onearmed centaur galloped at Voldemort, 
who vanished and reappeared beside the pool. The 
headless statue thrust Harry backward, away from 
the fight, as Dumbledore advanced on Voldemort and 
the golden centaur cantered around them both. 

It was foolish to come here tonight, Tom, said 
Dumbledore calmly. The Aurors are on their way   

By which time I shall be gone, and you dead! spat 
Voldemort. He sent another Killing Curse at 
Dumbledore but missed, instead hitting the security 
guards desk, which burst into flame. 

Dumbledore flicked his own wand. The force of the 
spell that emanated from it was such that Harry, 
though shielded by his stone guard, felt his hair 
stand on end as it passed, and this time Voldemort 
was forced to conjure a shining silver shield out of 
thin air to deflect it. The spell, whatever it was, 
caused no visible damage to the shield, though a 
deep, gonglike note reverberated from it, an oddly 
chilling sound... 

You do not seek to kill me, Dumbledore? called 
Voldemort, his scarlet eyes narrowed over the top of 
the shield. Above such brutality, are you? 



  1038Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




We both know that there are other ways of 
destroying a man, Tom, Dumbledore said calmly, 
continuing to walk toward Voldemort as though he 
had not a fear in the world, as though nothing had 
happened to interrupt his stroll up the hall. Merely 
taking your life would not satisfy me, I admit   

There is nothing worse than death, Dumbledore! 
snarled Voldemort. 

You are quite wrong, said Dumbledore, still closing 
in upon Voldemort and speaking as lightly as though 
they were discussing the matter over drinks. Harry 
felt scared to see him walking along, undefended, 
shieldless. He wanted to cry out a warning, but his 
headless guard kept shunting him backward toward 
the wall, blocking his every attempt to get out from 
behind it. Indeed, your failure to understand that 
there are things much worse than death has always 
been your greatest weakness   

Another jet of green light flew from behind the silver 
shield. This time it was the onearmed centaur, 
galloping in front of Dumbledore, that took the blast 
and shattered into a hundred pieces, but before the 
fragments had even hit the floor, Dumbledore had 
drawn back his wand and waved it as though 
brandishing a whip. A long thin flame flew from the 
tip; it wrapped itself around Voldemort, shield and all. 
For a moment, it seemed Dumbledore had won, but 
then the fiery rope became a serpent, which 
relinquished its hold upon Voldemort at once and 
turned, hissing furiously, to face Dumbledore. 

Voldemort vanished. The snake reared from the floor, 
ready to strike  



There was a burst of flame in midair above 
Dumbledore just as Voldemort reappeared, standing 

  1039Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




on the plinth in the middle of the pool where so 
recently the five statues had stood. 



Look outi Harry yelled. 

But even as he shouted, one more jet of green light 
had flown at Dumbledore from Voldemorts wand and 
the snake had struck  

Fawkes swooped down in front of Dumbledore, 
opened his beak wide, and swallowed the jet of green 
light whole. He burst into flame and fell to the floor, 
small, wrinkled, and flightless. At the same moment, 
Dumbledore brandished his wand in one, long, fluid 
movement  the snake, which had been an instant 
from sinking its fangs into him, flew high into the air 
and vanished in a wisp of dark smoke; the water in 
the pool rose up and covered Voldemort like a cocoon 
of molten glass  

For a few seconds Voldemort was visible only as a 
dark, rippling, faceless figure, shimmering and 
indistinct upon the plinth, clearly struggling to throw 
off the suffocating mass  

Then he was gone, and the water fell with a crash 
back into its pool, slopping wildly over the sides, 
drenching the polished floor. 

MASTER! screamed Bellatrix. 

Sure it was over, sure Voldemort had decided to flee, 
Harry made to run out from behind his statue guard, 
but Dumbledore bellowed, Stay where you are, 

Harry! 

For the first time, Dumbledore sounded frightened. 
Harry could not see why. The hall was quite empty 
but for themselves, the sobbing Bellatrix still trapped 

  1040Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




under her statue, and the tiny baby Fawkes croaking 
feebly on the floor  

And then Harrys scar burst open. He knew he was 
dead: it was pain beyond imagining, pain past 
endurance  

He was gone from the hall, he was locked in the coils 
of a creature with red eyes, so tightly bound that 
Harry did not know where his body ended and the 
creatures began. They were fused together, bound by 
pain, and there was no escape  

And when the creature spoke, it used Harrys mouth, 
so that in his agony he felt his jaw move... 

 Kill me now, Dumbledore... 

Blinded and dying, every part of him screaming for 
release, Harry felt the creature use him again... 

If death is nothing, Dumbledore, kill the boy... 

Let the pain stop, thought Harry. Let him kill us... End 
it, Dumbledore... Death is nothing compared to this... 

And Ill see Sirius again... 

And as Harrys heart filled with emotion, the 
creatures coils loosened, the pain was gone, Harry 
was lying facedown on the floor, his glasses gone, 
shivering as though he lay upon ice, not wood... 

And there were voices echoing through the hall, more 
voices than there should have been: Harry opened his 
eyes, saw his glasses lying at the heel of the headless 
statue that had been guarding him, but which now 
lay flat on its back, cracked and immobile. He put 



  1041Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




them on and raised his head an inch to find 
Dumbledores crooked nose inches from his own. 



Are you all right, Harry? 

Yes, said Harry, shaking so violently he could not 
hold his head up properly. Yeah, Im  wheres 
Voldemort, where  who are all these  whats   

The Atrium was full of people. The floor was reflecting 
emeraldgreen flames that had burst into life in all 
the fireplaces along one wall, and a stream of witches 
and wizards was emerging from them. As Dumbledore 
pulled him back to his feet, Harry saw the tiny gold 
statues of the houseelf and the goblin leading a 
stunnedlooking Cornelius Fudge forward. 

He was there! shouted a scarletrobed man with a 
ponytail, who was pointing at a pile of golden rubble 
on the other side of the hall, where Bellatrix had lain 
trapped moments before. I saw him, Mr. Fudge, I 
swear, it was YouKnowWho, he grabbed a woman 
and Disapparated! 

I know, Williamson, I know, I saw him too! gibbered 
Fudge, who was wearing pajamas under his 
pinstriped cloak and was gasping as though he had 
just run miles. Merlins beard  here  here!  in 
the Ministry of Magic!  great heavens above  it 
doesnt seem possible  my word  how can this 
be? 

If you proceed downstairs into the Department of 
Mysteries, Cornelius, said Dumbledore, apparently 
satisfied that Harry was all right, and walking forward 
so that the newcomers realized he was there for the 
first time (a few of them raised their wands, others 
simply looked amazed; the statues of the elf and 
goblin applauded and Fudge jumped so much that 
  1042Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




his slipperclad feet left the floor), you will find 
several escaped Death Eaters contained in the Death 
Chamber, bound by an AntiDisapparation Jinx and 
awaiting your decision as to what to do with them. 

Dumbledore! gasped Fudge, apparently beside 
himself with amazement. You  here  I  I   

He looked wildly around at the Aurors he had brought 
with him, and it could not have been clearer that he 
was in half a mind to cry, Seize him! 

Cornelius, I am ready to fight your men  and win 
again! said Dumbledore in a thunderous voice. But 
a few minutes ago you saw proof, with your own eyes, 
that I have been telling you the truth for a year. Lord 
Voldemort has returned, you have been chasing the 
wrong men for twelve months, and it is time you 
listened to sense! 

I  dont  well   blustered Fudge, looking around 
as though hoping somebody was going to tell him 
what to do. When nobody did, he said, Very well  
Dawlish! Williamson! Go down to the Department of 
Mysteries and see ... Dumbledore, you  you will 
need to tell me exactly  the Fountain of Magical 
Brethren  what happened? he added in a kind of 
whimper, staring around at the floor, where the 
remains of the statues of the witch, wizard, and 
centaur now lay scattered. 

We can discuss that after I have sent Harry back to 
Hogwarts, said Dumbledore. 

Harry  Harry Potter? 

Fudge spun around and stared at Harry, who was 
still standing against the wall beside the fallen statue 



  1043Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




that had been guarding him during Dumbledore and 
Voldemorts duel. 

Hehere? said Fudge. Why  whats all this 
about? 

I shall explain everything, repeated Dumbledore, 
when Harry is back at school. 

He walked away from the pool to the place where the 
golden wizards head lay on the floor. He pointed his 
wand at it and muttered, Portus. The head glowed 
blue and trembled noisily against the wooden floor for 
a few seconds, then became still once more. 

Now see here, Dumbledore! said Fudge, as 
Dumbledore picked up the head and walked back to 
Harry carrying it. You havent got authorization for 
that Portkey! You cant do things like that right in 
front of the Minister of Magic, you  you   

His voice faltered as Dumbledore surveyed him 
magisterially over his halfmoon spectacles. 

You will give the order to remove Dolores Umbridge 
from Hogwarts, said Dumbledore. You will tell your 
Aurors to stop searching for my Care of Magical 
Creatures teacher so that he can return to work. I will 
give you ... Dumbledore pulled a watch with twelve 
hands from his pocket and glanced at it, half an 
hour of my time tonight, in which I think we shall be 
more than able to cover the important points of what 
has happened here. After that, I shall need to return 
to my school. If you need more help from me you are, 
of course, more than welcome to contact me at 
Hogwarts. Letters addressed to the headmaster will 
find me. 



  1044Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fudge goggled worse than ever. His mouth was open 
and his round face grew pinker under his rumpled 
gray hair. 

I  you   

Dumbledore turned his back on him. 

Take this Portkey, Harry. 

He held out the golden head of the statue, and Harry 
placed his hand upon it, past caring what he did next 
or where he went. 

I shall see you in half an hour, said Dumbledore 
quietly. One ... two ... three ... 

Harry felt the familiar sensation of a hook being 
jerked behind his navel. The polished wooden floor 
was gone from beneath his feet; the Atrium, Fudge, 
and Dumbledore had all disappeared, and he was 
flying forward in a whirlwind of color and sound. . . 



  1045Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE LOST PROPHECY 

Harrys feet hit solid ground again; his knees buckled 
a little and the golden wizards head fell with a 
resounding clunk to the floor. He looked around and 
saw that he had arrived in Dumbledores office. 

Everything seemed to have repaired itself during the 
headmasters absence. The delicate silver instruments 
stood again upon the spindlelegged tables, puffing 
and whirring serenely. The portraits of the 
headmasters and headmistresses were snoozing in 
their frames, heads lolling back in armchairs or 
against the edge of their pictures. Harry looked 
through the window. There was a cool line of pale 
green along the horizon: Dawn was approaching. 

The silence and the stillness, broken only by the 
occasional grunt or snuffle of a sleeping portrait, was 
unbearable to him. If his surroundings could have 
reflected the feelings inside him, the pictures would 
have been screaming in pain. He walked around the 
quiet, beautiful office, breathing quickly, trying not to 
think. But he had to think... There was no escape... 
  1046Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



It was his fault Sirius had died; it was all his fault. If 
he, Harry, had not been stupid enough to fall for 
Voldemorts trick, if he had not been so convinced 
that what he had seen in his dream was real, if he 
had only opened his mind to the possibility that 
Voldemort was, as Hermione had said, banking on 
Harrys love of playing the hero . . . 

It was unbearable, he would not think about it, he 
could not stand it... There was a terrible hollow inside 
him he did not want to feel or examine, a dark hole 
where Sirius had been, where Sirius had vanished. 

He did not want to have to be alone with that great, 
silent space, he could not stand it  

A picture behind him gave a particularly loud 
grunting snore, and a cool voice said, Ah ... Harry 
Potter ... 

Phineas Nigellus gave a long yawn, stretching his 
arms as he watched Harry with shrewd, narrow eyes. 

And what brings you here in the early hours of the 
morning? said Phineas. This office is supposed to be 
barred to all but the rightful headmaster. Or has 
Dumbledore sent you here? Oh, dont tell me ... He 
gave another shuddering yawn. Another message for 
my worthless greatgreatgrandson? 

Harry could not speak. Phineas Nigellus did not know 
that Sirius was dead, but Harry could not tell him. To 
say it aloud would be to make it final, absolute, 
irretrievable. 

A few more of the portraits had stirred now. Terror of 
being interrogated made Harry stride across the room 
and seize the doorknob. 



It would not turn. He was shut in. 

  1047Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I hope this means, said the corpulent, rednosed 
wizard who hung on the wall behind Dumbledores 
desk, that Dumbledore will soon be back with us? 

Harry turned. The wizard was eyeing him with great 
interest. Harry nodded. He tugged again on the 
doorknob behind his back, but it remained 
immovable. 

Oh good, said the wizard. It has been very dull 
without him, very dull indeed. 

He settled himself on the thronelike chair on which he 
had been painted and smiled benignly upon Harry. 

Dumbledore thinks very highly of you, as I am sure 
you know, he said comfortably. Oh yes. Holds you 
in great esteem. 

The guilt filling the whole of Harrys chest like some 
monstrous, weighty parasite now writhed and 
squirmed. Harry could not stand this, he could not 
stand being Harry anymore... He had never felt more 
trapped inside his own head and body, never wished 
so intensely that he could be somebody  anybody  
else... 

The empty fireplace burst into emeraldgreen flame, 
making Harry leap away from the door, staring at the 
man spinning inside the grate. As Dumbledores tall 
form unfolded itself from the fire, the wizards and 
witches on the surrounding walls jerked awake. Many 
of them gave cries of welcome. 

Thank you, said Dumbledore softly. 

He did not look at Harry at first, but walked over to 
the perch beside the door and withdrew, from an 
inside pocket of his robes, the tiny, ugly, featherless 

  1048Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Fawkes, whom he placed gently on the tray of soft 
ashes beneath the golden post where the fullgrown 
Fawkes usually stood. 

Well, Harry, said Dumbledore, finally turning away 
from the baby bird, you will be pleased to hear that 
none of your fellow students are going to suffer 
lasting damage from the nights events. 

Harry tried to say Good, but no sound came out. It 
seemed to him that Dumbledore was reminding him 
of the amount of damage he had caused by his 
actions tonight, and although Dumbledore was for 
once looking at him directly, and though his 
expression was kindly rather than accusatory, Harry 
could not bear to meet his eyes. 

Madam Pomfrey is patching everybody up now, said 
Dumbledore. Nymphadora Tonks may need to spend 
a little time in St. Mungos, but it seems that she will 
make a full recovery. 

Harry contented himself with nodding at the carpet, 
which was growing lighter as the sky outside grew 
paler. He was sure that all the portraits around the 
room were listening eagerly to every word Dumbledore 
spoke, wondering where Dumbledore and Harry had 
been and why there had been injuries. 

I know how you are feeling, Harry, said Dumbledore 
very quietly. 

No, you dont, said Harry, and his voice was 
suddenly loud and strong. Whitehot anger leapt 
inside him. Dumbledore knew nothing about his 
feelings. 

You see, Dumbledore? said Phineas Nigellus slyly. 
Never try to understand the students. They hate it. 

  1049Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




They would much rather be tragically misunderstood, 
wallow in selfpity, stew in their own   

Thats enough, Phineas, said Dumbledore. 

Harry turned his back on Dumbledore and stared 
determinedly out of the opposite window. He could 
see the Quidditch stadium in the distance. Sirius had 
appeared there once, disguised as the shaggy black 
dog, so he could watch Harry play. . . He had probably 
come to see whether Harry was as good as James had 
been... Harry had never asked him... 

There is no shame in what you are feeling, Harry, 
said Dumbledore s voice. On the contrary ... the fact 
that you can feel pain like this is your greatest 
strength. 

Harry felt the whitehot anger lick his insides, blazing 
in the terrible emptiness, filling him with the desire to 
hurt Dumbledore for his calmness and his empty 
words. 

My greatest strength, is it? said Harry, his voice 
shaking as he stared out at the Quidditch stadium, 
no longer seeing it. You havent got a clue... You 
dont know ... 

What dont I know? asked Dumbledore calmly. 

It was too much. Harry turned around, shaking with 
rage. 

I dont want to talk about how I feel, all right? 

Harry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! 
This pain is part of being human   



  1050Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




THEN  I  DONT  WANT  TOBE  
HUMAN! Harry roared, and he seized one of the 
delicate silver instruments from the spindlelegged 
table beside him and flung it across the room. It 
shattered into a hundred tiny pieces against the wall. 
Several of the pictures let out yells of anger and 
fright, and the portrait of Armando Dippet said, 
a Reallyl 

I DONT CARE! Harry yelled at them, snatching up a 
lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. IVE 
HAD ENOUGH, IVE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I 
WANT IT TO END, I DONT CARE ANYMORE   

He seized the table on which the silver instrument 
had stood and threw that too. It broke apart on the 
floor and the legs rolled in different directions. 

You do care, said Dumbledore. He had not flinched 
or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his 
office. His expression was calm, almost detached. 

You care so much you feel as though you will bleed 
to death with the pain of it. 

I  DONT! Harry screamed, so loudly that he felt 
his throat might tear, and for a second he wanted to 
rush at Dumbledore and break him too; shatter that 
calm old face, shake him, hurt him, make him feel 
some tiny part of the horror inside Harry. 

Oh yes, you do, said Dumbledore, still more calmly. 
You have now lost your mother, your father, and the 
closest thing to a parent you have ever known. Of 
course you care. 

YOU DONT KNOW HOW I FEEL! Harry roared. 

YOU  STANDING THERE  YOU   



  1051Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But words were no longer enough, smashing things 
was no more help. He wanted to run, he wanted to 
keep running and never look back, he wanted to be 
somewhere he could not see the clear blue eyes 
staring at him, that hatefully calm old face. He ran to 
the door, seized the doorknob again, and wrenched at 
it. 

But the door would not open. 

Harry turned back to Dumbledore. 

Let me out, he said. He was shaking from head to 
foot. 

No, said Dumbledore simply. 

For a few seconds they stared at each other. 

Let me out, Harry said again. 

No, Dumbledore repeated. 

If you dont  if you keep me in here  if you dont 
let me   

By all means continue destroying my possessions, 
said Dumbledore serenely. I daresay I have too 
many. 

He walked around his desk and sat down behind it, 
watching Harry. 

Let me out, Harry said yet again, in a voice that was 
cold and almost as calm as Dumbledore s. 

Not until I have had my say, said Dumbledore. 



  1052Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Do you  do you think I want to  do you think I 
give a  I DONT CARE WHAT YOUVE GOT TO SAY! 
Harry roared. I dont want to hear anything youve 
got to say! 

You will, said Dumbledore sadly. Because you are 
not nearly as angry with me as you ought to be. If you 
are to attack me, as I know you are close to doing, I 
would like to have thoroughly earned it. 

What are you talking  ? 

It is my fault that Sirius died, said Dumbledore 
clearly. Or I should say almost entirely my fault  I 
will not be so arrogant as to claim responsibility for 
the whole. Sirius was a brave, clever, and energetic 
man, and such men are not usually content to sit at 
home in hiding while they believe others to be in 
danger. Nevertheless, you should never have believed 
for an instant that there was any necessity for you to 
go to the Department of Mysteries tonight. If I had 
been open with you, Harry, as I should have been, 
you would have known a long time ago that 
Voldemort might try and lure you to the Department 
of Mysteries, and you would never have been tricked 
into going there tonight. And Sirius would not have 
had to come after you. That blame lies with me, and 
with me alone. 

Harry was still standing with his hand on the 
doorknob but he was unaware of it. He was gazing at 
Dumbledore, hardly breathing, listening yet barely 
understanding what he was hearing. 

Please sit down, said Dumbledore. It was not an 
order, it was a request. 



  1053Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry hesitated, then walked slowly across the room 
now littered with silver cogs and fragments of wood 
and took the seat facing Dumbledore s desk. 

Am I to understand, said Phineas Nigellus slowly 
from Harrys left, that my greatgreatgrandson  
the last of the Blacks  is dead? 

Yes, Phineas, said Dumbledore. 

I dont believe it, said Phineas brusquely. 

Harry turned his head in time to see Phineas 
marching out of his portrait and knew that he had 
gone to visit his other painting in Grimmauld Place. 
He would walk, perhaps, from portrait to portrait, 
calling for Sirius through the house... 

Harry, I owe you an explanation, said Dumbledore. 
An explanation of an old mans mistakes. For I see 
now that what I have done, and not done, with regard 
to you, bears all the hallmarks of the failings of age. 
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old 
men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young 
... and I seem to have forgotten lately... 

The sun was rising properly now. There was a rim of 
dazzling orange visible over the mountains and the 
sky above it was colorless and bright. The light fell 
upon Dumbledore, upon the silver of his eyebrows 
and beard, upon the lines gouged deeply into his face. 

I guessed, fifteen years ago, said Dumbledore, 

when I saw the scar upon your forehead, what it 
might mean. I guessed that it might be the sign of a 
connection forged between you and Voldemort. 



  1054Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Youve told me this before, Professor, said Harry 
bluntly. He did not care about being rude. He did not 
care about anything very much anymore. 

Yes, said Dumbledore apologetically. Yes, but you 
see  it is necessary to start with your scar. For it 
became apparent, shortly after you rejoined the 
magical world, that I was correct, and that your scar 
was giving you warnings when Voldemort was close to 
you, or else feeling powerful emotion. 

I know, said Harry wearily. 

And this ability of yours  to detect Voldemorts 
presence, even when he is disguised, and to know 
what he is feeling when his emotions are roused  
has become more and more pronounced since 
Voldemort returned to his own body and his full 
powers. 

Harry did not bother to nod. He knew all of this 
already. 

More recently, said Dumbledore, I became 
concerned that Voldemort might realize that this 
connection between you exists. Sure enough, there 
came a time when you entered so far into his mind 
and thoughts that he sensed your presence. I am 
speaking, of course, of the night when you witnessed 
the attack on Mr. Weasley. 

Yeah, Snape told me, Harry muttered. 

Professor Snape, Harry, Dumbledore corrected him 
quietly. But did you not wonder why it was not I who 
explained this to you? Why I did not teach you 
Occlumency? Why I had not so much as looked at 
you for months? 



  1055Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry looked up. He could see now that Dumbledore 
looked sad and tired. 

Yeah, Harry mumbled. Yeah, I wondered. 

You see, continued Dumbledore heavily. I believed 
it could not be long before Voldemort attempted to 
force his way into your mind, to manipulate and 
misdirect your thoughts, and I was not eager to give 
him more incentives to do so. I was sure that if he 
realized that our relationship was  or had ever been 
 closer than that of headmaster and pupil, he would 
seize his chance to use you as a means to spy on me. 

I feared the uses to which he would put you, the 
possibility that he might try and possess you. Harry, I 
believe I was right to think that Voldemort would have 
made use of you in such a way. On those rare 
occasions when we had close contact, I thought I saw 
a shadow of him stir behind your eyes... I was trying, 
in distancing myself from you, to protect you. An old 
mans mistake ... 

Harry remembered the feeling that a dormant snake 
had risen in him, ready to strike, on those occasions 
when he and Dumbledore made eye contact. 

Voldemorts aim in possessing you, as he 
demonstrated tonight, would not have been my 
destruction. It would have been yours. He hoped, 
when he possessed you briefly a short while ago, that 
I would sacrifice you in the hope of killing him. 

He sighed deeply. Harry was letting the words wash 
over him. He would have been so interested to know 
all this a few months ago, and now it was 
meaningless compared to the gaping chasm inside 
him that was the loss of Sirius, none of it mattered ... 



  1056Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Sirius told me that you felt Voldemort awake inside 
you the very night that you had the vision of Arthur 
Weasleys attack. I knew at once that my worst fears 
were correct: Voldemort from that point had realized 
he could use you. In an attempt to arm you against 
Voldemorts assaults on your mind, I arranged 
Occlumency lessons with Professor Snape. 

He paused. Harry watched the sunlight, which was 
sliding slowly across the polished surface of 
Dumbledores desk, illuminate a silver ink pot and a 
handsome scarlet quill. Harry could tell that the 
portraits all around them were awake and listening 
raptly to Dumbledores explanation. He could hear 
the occasional rustle of robes, the slight clearing of a 
throat. Phineas Nigellus had still not returned... 

Professor Snape discovered, Dumbledore resumed, 
that you had been dreaming about the door to the 
Department of Mysteries for months. Voldemort, of 
course, had been obsessed with the possibility of 
hearing the prophecy ever since he regained his body, 
and as he dwelled on the door, so did you, though 
you did not know what it meant. 

And then you saw Rookwood, who worked in the 
Department of Mysteries before his arrest, telling 
Voldemort what we had known all along  that the 
prophecies held in the Ministry of Magic are heavily 
protected. Only the people to whom they refer can lift 
them from the shelves without suffering madness. In 
this case, either Voldemort himself would have to 
enter the Ministry of Magic and risk revealing himself 
at last  or else you would have to take it for him. It 
became a matter of even greater urgency that you 
should master Occlumency. 

But I didnt, muttered Harry. He said it aloud to try 
and ease the dead weight of guilt inside him; a 

  1057Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




confession must surely relieve some of the terrible 
pressure squeezing his heart. I didnt practice, I 
didnt bother, I couldve stopped myself having those 
dreams, Hermione kept telling me to do it, if I had 
hed never have been able to show me where to go, 
and  Sirius wouldnt  Sirius wouldnt   

Something was erupting inside Harrys head: a need 
to justify himself, to explain  

I tried to check if hed really taken Sirius, I went to 
Umbridges office, I spoke to Kreacher in the fire, and 
he said Sirius wasnt there, he said hed gone! 

Kreacher lied, said Dumbledore calmly. You are not 
his master, he could lie to you without even needing 
to punish himself. Kreacher intended you to go to the 
Ministry of Magic. 

He  he sent me on purpose? 

Oh yes. Kreacher, I am afraid, has been serving more 
than one master for months. 

How? said Harry blankly. He hasnt been out of 
Grimmauld Place for years. 

Kreacher seized his opportunity shortly before 
Christmas, said Dumbledore, when Sirius, 
apparently, shouted at him to get out. He took Sirius 
at his word and interpreted this as an order to leave 
the house. He went to the only Black family member 
for whom he had any respect left... Blacks cousin 
Narcissa, sister of Bellatrix and wife of Lucius 
Malfoy. 

How do you know all this? Harry said. His heart was 
beating very fast. He felt sick. He remembered 
worrying about Kreachers odd absence over 

  1058Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Christmas, remembered him turning up again in the 
attic... 

Kreacher told me last night, said Dumbledore. You 
see, when you gave Professor Snape that cryptic 
warning, he realized that you had had a vision of 
Sirius trapped in the bowels of the Department of 
Mysteries. He, like you, attempted to contact Sirius at 
once. I should explain that members of the Order of 
the Phoenix have more reliable methods of 
communicating than the fire in Dolores Umbridges 
office. Professor Snape found that Sirius was alive 
and safe in Grimmauld Place. 

When, however, you did not return from your trip 
into the forest with Dolores Umbridge, Professor 
Snape grew worried that you still believed Sirius to be 
a captive of Lord Voldemorts. He alerted certain 
Order members at once. 

Dumbledore heaved a great sigh and then said, 
Alastor Moody, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley 
Shacklebolt, and Remus Lupin were at headquarters 
when he made contact. All agreed to go to your aid at 
once. Professor Snape requested that Sirius remain 
behind, as he needed somebody to remain at 
headquarters to tell me what had happened, for I was 
due there at any moment. In the meantime he, 
Professor Snape, intended to search the forest for 
you. 

But Sirius did not wish to remain behind while the 
others went to search for you. He delegated to 
Kreacher the task of telling me what had happened. 
And so it was that when I arrived in Grimmauld Place 
shortly after they had all left for the Ministry, it was 
the elf who told me  laughing fit to burst  where 
Sirius had gone. 



  1059Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He was laughing? said Harry in a hollow voice. 

Oh yes, said Dumbledore. You see, Kreacher was 
not able to betray us totally. He is not SecretKeeper 
for the Order, he could not give the Malfoys our 
whereabouts or tell them any of the Orders 
confidential plans that he had been forbidden to 
reveal. He was bound by the enchantments of his 
kind, which is to say that he could not disobey a 
direct order from his master, Sirius. But he gave 
Narcissa information of the sort that is very valuable 
to Voldemort, yet must have seemed much too trivial 
for Sirius to think of banning him from repeating it. 

Like what? said Harry. 

Like the fact that the person Sirius cared most about 
in the world was you, said Dumbledore quietly. Like 
the fact that you were coming to regard Sirius as a 
mixture of father and brother. Voldemort knew 
already, of course, that Sirius was in the Order, that 
you knew where he was  but Kreachers information 
made him realize that the one person whom you 
would go to any lengths to rescue was Sirius Black. 

Harrys lips were cold and numb. 

So . . . when I asked Kreacher if Sirius was there last 
night ... 

The Malfoys  undoubtedly on Voldemorts 
instructions  had told him he must find a way of 
keeping Sirius out of the way once you had seen the 
vision of Sirius being tortured. Then, if you decided to 
check whether Sirius was at home or not, Kreacher 
would be able to pretend he was not. Kreacher 
injured Buckbeak the hippogriff yesterday, and at the 
moment when you made your appearance in the fire, 
Sirius was upstairs trying to tend to him. 

  1060Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




There seemed to be very little air in Harrys lungs, his 
breathing was quick and shallow. 

And Kreacher told you all this . . . and laughed? he 
croaked. 

He did not wish to tell me, said Dumbledore. But I 
am a sufficiently accomplished Legilimens myself to 
know when I am being lied to and I  persuaded him 

 to tell me the full story, before I left for the 
Department of Mysteries. 

And, whispered Harry, his hands curled in cold fists 
on his knees, and Hermione kept telling us to be nice 
to him   

She was quite right, Harry, said Dumbledore. I 
warned Sirius when we adopted twelve Grimmauld 
Place as our headquarters that Kreacher must be 
treated with kindness and respect. I also told him 
that Kreacher could be dangerous to us. I do not 
think that Sirius took me very seriously, or that he 
ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as 
a humans   

Dont you blame  dont you  talk  about Sirius 
like   Harrys breath was constricted, he could not 
get the words out properly. But the rage that had 
subsided so briefly had flared in him again; he would 
not let Dumbledore criticize Sirius. Kreacher s a lying 

 foul  he deserved   

Kreacher is what he has been made by wizards, 
Harry, said Dumbledore. Yes, he is to be pitied. His 
existence has been as miserable as your friend 
Dobbys. He was forced to do Siriuss bidding, 
because Sirius was the last of the family to which he 
was enslaved, but he felt no true loyalty to him. And 



  1061Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




whatever Kreachers faults, it must be admitted that 
Sirius did nothing to make Kreachers lot easier   

DONT TALK ABOUT SIRIUS LIKE THAT! Harry 
yelled. 

He was on his feet again, furious, ready to fly at 
Dumbledore, who had plainly not understood Sirius 
at all, how brave he was, how much he had suffered 



What about Snape? Harry spat. Youre not talking 
about him, are you? When I told him Voldemort had 
Sirius he just sneered at me as usual   

Harry, you know that Professor Snape had no choice 
but to pretend not to take you seriously in front of 
Dolores Umbridge, said Dumbledore steadily, but as 
I have explained, he informed the Order as soon as 
possible about what you had said. It was he who 
deduced where you had gone when you did not return 
from the forest. It was he too who gave Professor 
Umbridge fake Veritaserum when she was attempting 
to force you to tell of Siriuss whereabouts... 

Harry disregarded this; he felt a savage pleasure in 
blaming Snape, it seemed to be easing his own sense 
of dreadful guilt, and he wanted to hear Dumbledore 
agree with him. 

Snape  Snape ggoaded Sirius about staying in the 
house  he made out Sirius was a coward   

Sirius was much too old and clever to have allowed 
such feeble taunts to hurt him, said Dumbledore. 

Snape stopped giving me Occlumency lessons! 

Harry snarled. He threw me out of his office! 



  1062Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




I am aware of it, said Dumbledore heavily. I have 
already said that it was a mistake for me not to teach 
you myself, though I was sure, at the time, that 
nothing could have been more dangerous than to 
open your mind even further to Voldemort while in 
my presence   

Snape made it worse, my scar always hurt worse 
after lessons with him   Harry remembered Rons 
thoughts on the subject and plunged on. How do you 
know he wasnt trying to soften me up for Voldemort, 
make it easier for him to get inside my   

I trust Severus Snape, said Dumbledore simply. 

But I forgot  another old mans mistake  that 
some wounds run too deep for the healing. I thought 
Professor Snape could overcome his feelings about 
your father  I was wrong. 

But thats okay, is it? yelled Harry, ignoring the 
scandalized faces and disapproving mutterings of the 
portraits covering the walls. Its okay for Snape to 
hate my dad, but its not okay for Sirius to hate 
Kreacher? 

Sirius did not hate Kreacher, said Dumbledore. He 
regarded him as a servant unworthy of much interest 
or notice. Indifference and neglect often do much 
more damage than outright dislike... The fountain we 
destroyed tonight told a lie. We wizards have 
mistreated and abused our fellows for too long, and 
we are now reaping our reward. 

SO SIRIUS DESERVED WHAT HE GOT, DID HE? 
Harry yelled. 

I did not say that, nor will you ever hear me say it, 
Dumbledore replied quietly. Sirius was not a cruel 
man, he was kind to houseelves in general. He had 

  1063Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




no love for Kreacher, because Kreacher was a living 
reminder of the home Sirius had hated. 

Yeah, he did hate it! said Harry, his voice cracking, 
turning his back on Dumbledore and walking away. 
The sun was bright inside the room now, and the eyes 
of all the portraits followed him as he walked, without 
realizing what he was doing, without seeing the office 
at all. You made him stay shut up in that house and 
he hated it, thats why he wanted to get out last night 



I was trying to keep Sirius alive, said Dumbledore 
quietly. 

People dont like being locked up! Harry said 
furiously, rounding on him. You did it to me all last 
summer   

Dumbledore closed his eyes and buried his face in his 
longfingered hands. Harry watched him, but this 
uncharacteristic sign of exhaustion, or sadness, or 
whatever it was from Dumbledore, did not soften him. 
On the contrary, he felt even angrier that Dumbledore 
was showing signs of weakness. He had no business 
being weak when Harry wanted to rage and storm at 
him. 

Dumbledore lowered his hands and surveyed Harry 
through his halfmoon glasses. 

It is time, he said, for me to tell you what I should 
have told you five years ago, Harry. Please sit down. I 
am going to tell you everything. I ask only a little 
patience. You will have your chance to rage at me  
to do whatever you like  when I have finished. I will 
not stop you. 



  1064Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry glared at him for a moment, then flung himself 
back into the chair opposite Dumbledore and waited. 
Dumbledore stared for a moment at the sunlit 
grounds outside the window, then looked back at 
Harry and said, Five years ago you arrived at 
Hogwarts, Harry, safe and whole, as I had planned 
and intended. Well  not quite whole. You had 
suffered. I knew you would when I left you on your 
aunt and uncles doorstep. I knew I was condemning 
you to ten dark and difficult years. 

He paused. Harry said nothing. 

You might ask  and with good reason  why it had 
to be so. Why could some Wizarding family not have 
taken you in? Many would have done so more than 
gladly, would have been honored and delighted to 
raise you as a son. 

My answer is that my priority was to keep you alive. 
You were in more danger than perhaps anyone but 
myself realized. Voldemort had been vanquished 
hours before, but his supporters  and many of them 
are almost as terrible as he  were still at large, 
angry, desperate, and violent. And I had to make my 
decision too with regard to the years ahead. Did I 
believe that Voldemort was gone forever? No. I knew 
not whether it would be ten, twenty, or fifty years 
before he returned, but I was sure he would do so, 
and I was sure too, knowing him as I have done, that 
he would not rest until he killed you. 

I knew that Voldemort s knowledge of magic is 
perhaps more extensive than any wizard alive. I knew 
that even my most complex and powerful protective 
spells and charms were unlikely to be invincible if he 
ever returned to full power. 



  1065Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But I knew too where Voldemort was weak. And so I 
made my decision. You would be protected by an 
ancient magic of which he knows, which he despises, 
and which he has always, therefore, underestimated 
 to his cost. I am speaking, of course, of the fact 
that your mother died to save you. She gave you a 
lingering protection he never expected, a protection 
that flows in your veins to this day. I put my trust, 
therefore, in your mothers blood. I delivered you to 
her sister, her only remaining relative. 

She doesnt love me, said Harry at once. She 
doesnt give a damn   

But she took you, Dumbledore cut across him. She 
may have taken you grudgingly, furiously, 
unwillingly, bitterly, yet still she took you, and in 
doing so, she sealed the charm I placed upon you. 

Your mothers sacrifice made the bond of blood the 
strongest shield I could give you. 

I still dont   

While you can still call home the place where your 
mothers blood dwells, there you cannot be touched or 
harmed by Voldemort. He shed her blood, but it lives 
on in you and her sister. Her blood became your 
refuge. You need return there only once a year, but as 
long as you can still call it home, there he cannot 
hurt you. Your aunt knows this. I explained what I 
had done in the letter I left, with you, on her 
doorstep. She knows that allowing you houseroom 
may well have kept you alive for the past fifteen 
years. 

Wait, said Harry. Wait a moment. 

He sat up straighter in his chair, staring at 
Dumbledore. 

  1066Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




You sent that Howler. You told her to remember  it 
was your voice   

I thought, said Dumbledore, inclining his head 
slightly, that she might need reminding of the pact 
she had sealed by taking you. I suspected the 
dementor attack might have awoken her to the 
dangers of having you as a surrogate son. 

It did, said Harry quietly. Well  my uncle more 
than her. He wanted to chuck me out, but after the 
Howler came she  she said I had to stay. He stared 
at the floor for a moment, then said, But whats this 
got to do with ... 

He could not say Siriuss name. 

Five years ago, then, continued Dumbledore, as 
though he had not paused in his story, you arrived 
at Hogwarts, neither as happy nor as well nourished 
as I would have liked, perhaps, yet alive and healthy. 
You were not a pampered little prince, but as normal 
a boy as I could have hoped under the circumstances. 
Thus far, my plan was working well. 

And then ... well, you will remember the events of 
your first year at Hogwarts quite as clearly as I do. 

You rose magnificently to the challenge that faced 
you, and sooner  much sooner  than I had 
anticipated, you found yourself facetoface with 
Voldemort. You survived again. You did more. You 
delayed his return to full power and strength. You 
fought a mans fight. I was ... prouder of you than I 
can say. 

Yet there was a flaw in this wonderful plan of mine, 
said Dumbledore. An obvious flaw that I knew, even 
then, might be the undoing of it all. And yet, knowing 
how important it was that my plan should succeed, I 

  1067Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




told myself that I would not permit this flaw to min it. 

I alone could prevent this, so I alone must be strong. 
And here was my first test, as you lay in the hospital 
wing, weak from your struggle with Voldemort. 

I dont understand what youre saying, said Harry. 

Dont you remember asking me, as you lay in the 
hospital wing, why Voldemort had tried to kill you 
when you were a baby? 

Harry nodded. 

Ought I to have told you then? 

Harry stared into the blue eyes and said nothing, but 
his heart was racing again. 

You do not see the flaw in the plan yet? No ... 
perhaps not. Well, as you know, I decided not to 
answer you. Eleven, I told myself, was much too 
young to know. I had never intended to tell you when 
you were eleven. The knowledge would be too much at 
such a young age. 

I should have recognized the danger signs then. I 
should have asked myself why I did not feel more 
disturbed that you had already asked me the question 
to which I knew, one day, I must give a terrible 
answer. I should have recognized that I was too happy 
to think that I did not have to do it on that particular 
day. . . You were too young, much too young. 

And so we entered your second year at Hogwarts. 

And once again you met challenges even grown 
wizards have never faced. Once again you acquitted 
yourself beyond my wildest dreams. You did not ask 
me again, however, why Voldemort had left that mark 
upon you. We discussed your scar, oh yes... We came 
  1068Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




very, very close to the subject. Why did I not tell you 
everything? 

Well, it seemed to me that twelve was, after all, 
hardly better than eleven to receive such information. 

I allowed you to leave my presence, bloodstained, 
exhausted but exhilarated, and if I felt a twinge of 
unease that I ought, perhaps, have told you then, it 
was swiftly silenced. You were still so young, you see, 
and I could not find it in me to spoil that night of 
triumph... 

Do you see, Harry? Do you see the flaw in my 
brilliant plan now? I had fallen into the trap I had 
foreseen, that I had told myself I could avoid, that I 
must avoid. 

I dont   

I cared about you too much, said Dumbledore 
simply. I cared more for your happiness than your 
knowing the truth, more for your peace of mind than 
my plan, more for your life than the lives that might 
be lost if the plan failed. In other words, I acted 
exactly as Voldemort expects we fools who love to act. 

Is there a defense? I defy anyone who has watched 
you as I have  and I have watched you more closely 
than you can have imagined  not to want to save 
you more pain than you had already suffered. What 
did I care if numbers of nameless and faceless people 
and creatures were slaughtered in the vague future, if 
in the here and now you were alive, and well, and 
happy? I never dreamed that I would have such a 
person on my hands. 

We entered your third year. I watched from afar as 
you struggled to repel dementors, as you found 
Sirius, learned what he was and rescued him. Was I 

  1069Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




to tell you then, at the moment when you had 
triumphantly snatched your godfather from the jaws 
of the Ministry? But now, at the age of thirteen, my 
excuses were running out. Young you might be, but 
you had proved you were exceptional. My conscience 
was uneasy, Harry. I knew the time must come 
soon... 

But you came out of the maze last year, having 
watched Cedric Diggory die, having escaped death so 
narrowly yourself . . . and I did not tell you, though I 
knew, now Voldemort had returned, I must do it 
soon. And now, tonight, I know you have long been 
ready for the knowledge I have kept from you for so 
long, because you have proved that I should have 
placed the burden upon you before this. My only 
defense is this: I have watched you struggling under 
more burdens than any student who has ever passed 
through this school, and I could not bring myself to 
add another  the greatest one of all. 

Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak. 

I still dont understand. 

Voldemort tried to kill you when you were a child 
because of a prophecy made shortly before your birth. 
He knew the prophecy had been made, though he did 
not know its full contents. He set out to kill you when 
you were still a baby, believing he was fulfilling the 
terms of the prophecy. He discovered, to his cost, that 
he was mistaken, when the curse intended to kill you 
backfired. And so, since his return to his body, and 
particularly since your extraordinary escape from him 
last year, he has been determined to hear that 
prophecy in its entirety. This is the weapon he has 
been seeking so assiduously since his return: the 
knowledge of how to destroy you. 



  1070Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




The sun had risen fully now. Dumbledores office was 
bathed in it. The glass case in which the sword of 
Godric Gryffindor resided gleamed white and opaque, 
the fragments of the instruments Harry had thrown to 
the floor glistened like raindrops, and behind him, the 
baby Fawkes made soft chirruping noises in his nest 
of ashes. 

The prophecys smashed, Harry said blankly. I was 
pulling Neville up those benches in the  the room 
where the archway was, and I ripped his robes and it 
fell... 

The thing that smashed was merely the record of the 
prophecy kept by the Department of Mysteries. But 
the prophecy was made to somebody, and that person 
has the means of recalling it perfectly. 

Who heard it? asked Harry, though he thought he 
knew the answer already. 

I did, said Dumbledore. On a cold, wet night 
sixteen years ago, in a room above the bar at the 
Hogs Head Inn. I had gone there to see an applicant 
for the post of Divination teacher, though it was 
against my inclination to allow the subject of 
Divination to continue at all. The applicant, however, 
was the greatgreatgranddaughter of a very famous, 
very gifted Seer, and I thought it common politeness 
to meet her. I was disappointed. It seemed to me that 
she had not a trace of the gift herself. I told her, 
courteously I hope, that I did not think she would be 
suitable for the post. I turned to leave. 

Dumbledore got to his feet and walked past Harry to 
the black cabinet that stood beside Fawkess perch. 

He bent down, slid back a catch, and took from inside 
it the shallow stone basin, carved with runes around 
the edges, in which Harry had seen his father 
  1071Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




tormenting Snape. Dumbledore walked back to the 
desk, placed the Pensieve upon it, and raised his 
wand to his own temple. From it, he withdrew silvery, 
gossamerfine strands of thought clinging to the 
wand, and deposited them in the basin. He sat back 
down behind his desk and watched his thoughts swirl 
and drift inside the Pensieve for a moment. Then, 
with a sigh, he raised his wand and prodded the 
silvery substance with its tip. 

A figure rose out of it, draped in shawls, her eyes 
magnified to enormous size behind her glasses, and 
she revolved slowly, her feet in the basin. But when 
Sibyll Trelawney spoke, it was not in her usual 
ethereal, mystic voice, but in the harsh, hoarse tones 
Harry had heard her use once before. 

The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord 
approaches... Born to those who have thrice defied 
him, born as the seventh month dies . . . and the Dark 
Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have 
power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die 
at the hand of the other for neither can live while the 
other survives... The one with the power to vanquish 
the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month 
dies... 

The slowly revolving Professor Trelawney sank back 
into the silver mass below and vanished. 

The silence within the office was absolute. Neither 
Dumbledore nor Harry nor any of the portraits made 
a sound. Even Fawkes had fallen silent. 

Professor Dumbledore? Harry said very quietly, for 
Dumbledore, still staring at the Pensieve, seemed 
completely lost in thought. It ... did that mean ... 
What did that mean? 



  1072Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It meant, said Dumbledore, that the person who 
has the only chance of conquering Lord Voldemort for 
good was born at the end of July, nearly sixteen years 
ago. This boy would be born to parents who had 
already defied Voldemort three times. 

Harry felt as though something was closing in upon 
him. His breathing seemed difficult again. 

It means  me? 

Dumbledore surveyed him for a moment through his 
glasses. 

The odd thing is, Harry, he said softly, that it may 
not have meant you at all. Sibylls prophecy could 
have applied to two wizard boys, both born at the end 
of July that year, both of whom had parents in the 
Order of the Phoenix, both sets of parents having 
narrowly escaped Voldemort three times. One, of 
course, was you. The other was Neville Longbottom. 

But then . . . but then, why was it my name on the 
prophecy and not Nevilles? 

The official record was relabeled after Voldemort s 
attack on you as a child, said Dumbledore. It 
seemed plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy 
that Voldemort could only have tried to kill you 
because he knew you to be the one to whom Sibyll 
was referring. 

Then  it might not be me? said Harry. 

I am afraid, said Dumbledore slowly, looking as 
though every word cost him a great effort, that there 
is no doubt that it is you. 



  1073Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But you said  Neville was born at the end of July 
too  and his mum and dad   

You are forgetting the next part of the prophecy, the 
final identifying feature of the boy who could 
vanquish Voldemort... Voldemort himself would mark 
him as his equal. And so he did, Harry. He chose 
you, not Neville. He gave you the scar that has proved 
both blessing and curse. 

But he might have chosen wrong! said Harry. He 
might have marked the wrong person! 

He chose the boy he thought most likely to be a 
danger to him, said Dumbledore. And notice this, 
Harry. He chose, not the pureblood (which, according 
to his creed, is the only kind of wizard worth being or 
knowing), but the halfblood, like himself. He saw 
himself in you before he had ever seen you, and in 
marking you with that scar, he did not kill you, as he 
intended, but gave you powers, and a future, which 
have fitted you to escape him not once, but four times 
so far  something that neither your parents, nor 
Nevilles parents, ever achieved. 

Why did he do it, then? said Harry, who felt numb 
and cold. Why did he try and kill me as a baby? He 
should have waited to see whether Neville or I looked 
more dangerous when we were older and tried to kill 
whoever it was then   

That might, indeed, have been the more practical 
course, said Dumbledore, except that Voldemorts 
information about the prophecy was incomplete. The 
Hogs Head Inn, which Sibyll chose for its cheapness, 
has long attracted, shall we say, a more interesting 
clientele than the Three Broomsticks. As you and 
your friends found out to your cost, and I to mine 
that night, it is a place where it is never safe to 
  1074Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




assume you are not being overheard. Of course, I had 
not dreamed, when I set out to meet Sibyll Trelawney, 
that I would hear anything worth overhearing. My  
our  one stroke of good fortune was that the 
eavesdropper was detected only a short way into the 
prophecy and thrown from the building. 

So he only heard ... ? 

He heard only the first part, the part foretelling the 
birth of a boy in July to parents who had thrice defied 
Voldemort. Consequently, he could not warn his 
master that to attack you would be to risk 
transferring power to you  again marking you as his 
equal. So Voldemort never knew that there might be 
danger in attacking you, that it might be wise to wait 
or to learn more. He did not know that you would 
have power the Dark Lord knows not   

But I dont! said Harry in a strangled voice. I 
havent any powers he hasnt got, I couldnt fight the 
way he did tonight, I cant possess people or  or kill 
them   

There is a room in the Department of Mysteries, 
interrupted Dumbledore, that is kept locked at all 
times. It contains a force that is at once more 
wonderful and more terrible than death, than human 
intelligence, than forces of nature. It is also, perhaps, 
the most mysterious of the many subjects for study 
that reside there. It is the power held within that 
room that you possess in such quantities and which 
Voldemort has not at all. That power took you to save 
Sirius tonight. That power also saved you from 
possession by Voldemort, because he could not bear 
to reside in a body so full of the force he detests. In 
the end, it mattered not that you could not close your 
mind. It was your heart that saved you. 



  1075Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry closed his eyes. If he had not gone to save 
Sirius, Sirius would not have died... More to stave off 
the moment when he would have to think of Sirius 
again, Harry asked, without caring much about the 
answer, The end of the prophecy ... it was something 
about ... neither can live...  

 ... while the other survives,  said Dumbledore. 

So, said Harry, dredging up the words from what felt 
like a deep well of despair inside him, so does that 
mean that . . . that one of us has got to kill the other 
one ... in the end? 

Yes, said Dumbledore. 

For a long time, neither of them spoke. Somewhere 
far beyond the office walls, Harry could hear the 
sound of voices, students heading down to the Great 
Hall for an early breakfast, perhaps. It seemed 
impossible that there could be people in the world 
who still desired food, who laughed, who neither knew 
nor cared that Sirius Black was gone forever. Sirius 
seemed a million miles away already, even if a part of 
Harry still believed that if he had only pulled back 
that veil, he would have found Sirius looking back at 
him, greeting him, perhaps, with his laugh like a 
bark. . . 

I feel I owe you another explanation, Harry, said 
Dumbledore hesitantly. You may, perhaps, have 
wondered why I never chose you as a prefect? I must 
confess ... that I rather thought ... you had enough 
responsibility to be going on with. 

Harry looked up at him and saw a tear trickling down 
Dumbledore s face into his long silver beard. 



  1076Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   






THE SECOND WAR BEGINS 

HEWHOMUSTNOTBENAMED RETURNS 

In a brief statement Friday night, Minister of Magic 
Cornelius Fudge confirmed that HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named has returned to this country and is active 
once more. 

It is with great regret that I must confirm that the 
wizard styling himself Lord  well, you know who I 
mean  is alive and among us again, said Fudge, 
looking tired and flustered as he addressed reporters. 
It is with almost equal regret that we report the mass 
revolt of the dementors of Azkaban, who have shown 
themselves averse to continuing in the Ministrys 
employ. We believe that the dementors are currently 
taking direction from Lord  Thingy. 

We urge the magical population to remain vigilant The 
Ministry is currently publishing guides to elementary 
home and personal defense that will be delivered free 
to all Wizarding homes within the coming month.  



  1077Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   



The Ministers statement was met with dismay and 
alarm from the Wizarding community, which as 
recently as last Wednesday was receiving Ministry 
assurances that there was no truth whatsoever in 
these persistent rumors that YouKnowWho is 
operating amongst us once more. 

Details of the events that led to the Ministry 
turnaround are still hazy, though it is believed that 
HeWhoMustNotBeNamed and a select band of 
followers (known as Death Eaters) gained entry to the 
Ministry of Magic itself on Thursday evening. 

Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated headmaster of 
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, 
reinstated member of the International Confederation 
of Wizards, and reinstated Chief Warlock of the 
Wizengamot, was unavailable for comment last night. 
He has insisted for a year that YouKnowWho was 
not dead, as was widely hoped and believed, but 
recruiting followers once more for a fresh attempt to 
seize power. Meanwhile the Boy Who Lived  

There you are, Harry, I knew theyd drag you into it 
somehow, said Hermione, looking over the top of the 
paper at him. 

They were in the hospital wing. Harry was sitting on 
the end of Rons bed and they were both listening to 
Hermione read the front  of the Sunday Prophet. 
Ginny, whose ankle had been mended in a trice by 
Madam Pomfrey, was curled up at the foot of 
Hermiones bed; Neville, whose nose had likewise 
been returned to its normal size and shape, was in a 
chair between the two beds; and Luna, who had 
dropped in to visit clutching the latest edition of The 
Quibbler, was reading the magazine upside down and 
apparently not taking in a word Hermione was saying. 



  1078Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hes the Boy Who Lived again now, though, isnt 
he? said Ron darkly. Not such a showoff maniac 
anymore, eh? 

He helped himself to a handful of Chocolate Frogs 
from the immense pile on his bedside cabinet, threw a 
few to Harry, Ginny, and Neville, and ripped off the 
wrapper of his own with his teeth. There were still 
deep welts on his forearms where the brains tentacles 
had wrapped around him. According to Madam 
Pomfrey, thoughts could leave deeper scarring than 
almost anything else, though since she had started 
applying copious amounts of Dr. Ubblys Oblivious 
Unction, there seemed to be some improvement. 

Yes, theyre very complimentary about you now, 
Harry, said Hermione, now scanning down the 
article.  A lone voice of truth ... perceived as 
unbalanced, yet never wavered in his story . . . forced to 
bear ridicule and slander ... Hmmm, said Hermione, 
frowning, I notice they dont mention the fact that it 
was them doing all the ridiculing and slandering, 
though... 

She winced slightly and put a hand to her ribs. The 
curse Dolohov had used on her, though less effective 
than it would have been had he been able to say the 
incantation aloud, had nevertheless caused, in 
Madam Pomfreys words, quite enough damage to be 
going on with. Hermione was having to take ten 
different types of potion every day and although she 
was improving greatly, was already bored with the 
hospital wing. 

 YouKnow Whos Last Attempt to Take Over, s 
two to four, What the Ministry Should Have Told Us, 
 five, Why Nobody Listened to Albus Dumbledore, 
s six to eight, Exclusive Interview with Harry 
Potter,  nine ... Well, said Hermione, folding up 
  1079Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




the newspaper and throwing it aside, its certainly 
given them lots to write about. And that interview 
with Harry isnt exclusive, its the one that was in The 
Quibbler months ago... 

Daddy sold it to them, said Luna vaguely, turning a 
 of The Quibbler. He got a very good price for it 
too, so were going to go on an expedition to Sweden 
this summer and see if we can catch a Crumple 
Horned Snorkack. 

Hermione seemed to struggle with herself for a 
moment, then said, That sounds lovely. 

Ginny caught Harrys eye and looked away quickly, 
grinning. 

So anyway, said Hermione, sitting up a little 
straighter and wincing again, whats going on in 
school? 

Well, Flitwicks got rid of Fred and Georges swamp, 
said Ginny. He did it in about three seconds. But he 
left a tiny patch under the window and hes roped it 
off 

Why? said Hermione, looking startled. 

Oh, he just says it was a really good bit of magic, 
said Ginny, shrugging. 

I think he left it as a monument to Fred and George, 
said Ron through a mouthful of chocolate. They sent 
me all these, you know, he told Harry, pointing at 
the small mountain of Frogs beside him. Must be 
doing all right out of that joke shop, eh? 

Hermione looked rather disapproving and asked, So 
has all the trouble stopped now Dumbledores back? 

  1080Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, said Neville, everythings settled right back 
down again. 

I spose Filch is happy, is he? asked Ron, propping a 
Chocolate Frog card featuring Dumbledore against his 
water jug. 

Not at all, said Ginny. Hes really, really miserable, 
actually... She lowered her voice to a whisper. He 
keeps saying Umbridge was the best thing that ever 
happened to Hogwarts... 

All six of them looked around. Professor Umbridge 
was lying in a bed opposite them, gazing up at the 
ceiling. Dumbledore had strode alone into the forest 
to rescue her from the centaurs. How he had done it 
 how he had emerged from the trees supporting 
Professor Umbridge without so much as a scratch on 
him  nobody knew, and Umbridge was certainly not 
telling. Since she had returned to the castle she had 
not, as far as any of them knew, uttered a single 
word. Nobody really knew what was wrong with her 
either. Her usually neat mousy hair was very untidy 
and there were bits of twig and leaf in it, but 
otherwise she seemed to be quite unscathed. 

Madam Pomfrey says shes just in shock, whispered 
Hermione. 

Sulking, more like, said Ginny 

Yeah, she shows signs of life if you do this, said 
Ron, and with his tongue he made soft clipclopping 
noises. Umbridge sat bolt upright, looking wildly 
around. 

Anything wrong, Professor? called Madam Pomfrey, 
poking her head around her office door. 



  1081Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




No ... no ... said Umbridge, sinking back into her 
pillows, no, I must have been dreaming... 

Hermione and Ginny muffled their laughter in the 
bedclothes. 

Speaking of centaurs, said Hermione, when she had 
recovered a little, whos Divination teacher now? Is 
Firenze staying? 

Hes got to, said Harry, the other centaurs wont 
take him back, will they? 

It looks like he and Trelawney are both going to 
teach, said Ginny. 

Bet Dumbledore wishes he couldve got rid of 
Trelawney for good, said Ron, now munching on his 
fourteenth Frog. Mind you, the whole subjects 
useless if you ask me, Firenze isnt a lot better... 

How can you say that? Hermione demanded. After 
weve just found out that there are real prophecies? 

Harrys heart began to race. He had not told Ron, 
Hermione, or anyone else what the prophecy had 
contained. Neville had told them it had smashed while 
Harry was pulling him up the steps in the Death 
Room, and Harry had not yet corrected this 
impression. He was not ready to see their expressions 
when he told them that he must be either murderer 
or victim, there was no other way... 

It is a pity it broke, said Hermione quietly, shaking 
her head. 

Yeah, it is, said Ron. Still, at least YouKnowWho 
never found out what was in it either  where are 



  1082Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




you going? he added, looking both surprised and 
disappointed as Harry stood up. 

Er  Hagrids, said Harry. You know, he just got 
back and I promised Id go down and see him and tell 
him how you two are... 

Oh all right then, said Ron grumpily, looking out of 
the dormitory window at the patch of bright blue sky 
beyond. Wish we could come ... 

Say hello to him for us! called Hermione, as Harry 
proceeded down the ward. And ask him whats 
happening about ... about his little friend! 

Harry gave a wave of his hand to show he had heard 
and understood as he left the dormitory. 

The castle seemed very quiet even for a Sunday. 
Everybody was clearly out in the sunny grounds, 
enjoying the end of their exams and the prospect of a 
last few days of term unhampered by studying or 
homework. Harry walked slowly along the deserted 
corridor, peering out of windows as he went. He could 
see people messing around in the air over the 
Quidditch pitch and a couple of students swimming 
in the lake, accompanied by the giant squid. 

He was finding it hard at the moment to decide 
whether he wanted to be with people or not. 

Whenever he was in company he wanted to get away, 
and whenever he was alone he wanted company. He 
thought he might really go and visit Hagrid, though; 
he had not talked to him properly since he had 
returned... 

Harry had just descended the last marble step into 
the entrance hall when Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle 
emerged from a door on the right that Harry knew led 

  1083Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




down to the Slytherin common room. Harry stopped 
dead; so did Malfoy and the others. For a few 
moments, the only sounds were the shouts, laughter, 
and splashes drifting into the hall from the grounds 
through the open front doors. 

Malfoy glanced around. Harry knew he was checking 
for signs of teachers. Then he looked back at Harry 
and said in a low voice, Youre dead, Potter. 

Harry raised his eyebrows. Funny, he said, youd 
think Id have stopped walking around... 

Malfoy looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him. 
He felt a kind of detached satisfaction at the sight of 
his pale, pointed face contorted with rage. 

Youre going to pay, said Malfoy in a voice barely 
louder than a whisper. Im going to make you pay for 
what youve done to my father... 

Well, Im terrified now, said Harry sarcastically. I 
spose Lord Voldemorts just a warmup act compared 
to you three  whats the matter? he said, for 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had all looked stricken at 
the sound of the name. Hes your dads mate, isnt 
he? Not scared of him, are you? 

You think youre such a big man, Potter, said 
Malfoy, advancing now, Crabbe and Goyle flanking 
him. You wait. Ill have you. You cant land my father 
in prison   

I thought I just had, said Harry. 

The dementors have left Azkaban, said Malfoy 
quietly. Dad and the othersll be out in no time... 



  1084Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yeah, I expect they will, said Harry. Still, at least 
everyone knows what scumbags they are now   

Malfoys hand flew toward his wand, but Harry was 
too quick for him. He had drawn his own wand before 
Malfoys fingers had even entered the pocket of his 
robes. 

Potter! 

The voice rang across the entrance hall; Snape had 
emerged from the staircase leading down to his office, 
and at the sight of him Harry felt a great rush of 
hatred beyond anything he felt toward Malfoy . . . 
Whatever Dumbledore said, he would never forgive 
Snape ... never ... 

What are you doing, Potter? said Snape coldly as 
ever, as he strode over to the four of them. 

Im trying to decide what curse to use on Malfoy, sir, 
said Harry fiercely. 

Snape stared at him. 

Put that wand away at once, he said curtly. Ten 
points from Gryff   

Snape looked toward the giant hourglasses on the 
walls and gave a sneering smile. 

Ah. I see there are no longer any points left in the 
Gryffindor hourglass to take away. In that case, 

Potter, we will simply have to   

Add some more? 

Professor McGonagall had just stumped up the stone 
steps into the castle. She was carrying a tartan 

  1085Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




carpetbag in one hand and leaning heavily on a 
walking stick with her other, but otherwise looked 
quite well. 

Professor McGonagall! said Snape, striding forward. 
Out of St. Mungos, I see! 

Yes, Professor Snape, said Professor McGonagall, 
shrugging off her traveling cloak, Im quite as good as 
new. You two  Crabbe  Goyle   

She beckoned them forward imperiously and they 
came, shuffling their large feet and looking awkward. 

Here, said Professor McGonagall, thrusting her 
carpetbag into Crabbe s chest and her cloak into 
Goyles, take these up to my office for me. 

They turned and stumped away up the marble 
staircase. 

Right then, said Professor McGonagall, looking up 
at the hourglasses on the wall, well, I think Potter 
and his friends ought to have fifty points apiece for 
alerting the world to the return of You Know Who! 
What say you, Professor Snape? 

What? snapped Snape, though Harry knew he had 
heard perfectly well. Oh  well  I suppose ... 

So thats fifty each for Potter, the two Weasleys, 
Longbottom, and Miss Granger, said Professor 
McGonagall, and a shower of rubies fell down into the 
bottom bulb of Gryffindors hourglass as she spoke. 

Oh  and fifty for Miss Lovegood, I suppose, she 
added, and a number of sapphires fell into 
Ravenclaws glass. Now, you wanted to take ten from 
Mr. Potter, I think, Professor Snape  so there we 
are... 

  1086Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




A few rubies retreated into the upper bulb, leaving a 
respectable amount below nevertheless. 



Well, Potter, Malfoy, I think you ought to be outside 
on a glorious day like this, Professor McGonagall 
continued briskly. 

Harry did not need telling twice. He thrust his wand 
back inside his robes and headed straight for the 
front doors without another glance at Snape and 
Malfoy. 

The hot sun hit him with a blast as he walked across 
the lawns toward Hagrids cabin. Students lying 
around on the grass sunbathing, talking, reading the 
Sunday Prophet, and eating sweets looked up at him 
as he passed. Some called out to him, or else waved, 
clearly eager to show that they, like the Prophet, had 
decided he was something of a hero. Harry said 
nothing to any of them. He had no idea how much 
they knew of what had happened three days ago, but 
he had so far avoided being questioned and preferred 
it that way. 

He thought at first when he knocked on Hagrids 
cabin door that he was out, but then Fang came 
charging around the corner and almost bowled him 
over with the enthusiasm of his welcome. Hagrid, it 
transpired, was picking runner beans in his back 
garden. 

All righ, Harry! he said, beaming, when Harry 
approached the fence. Come in, come in, well have a 
cup o dandelion juice... 

Hows things? Hagrid asked him, as they settled 
down at his wooden table with a glass apiece of iced 
juice. You  er  feelin all righ, are yeh? 

  1087Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry knew from the look of concern on Hagrids face 
that he was not referring to Harrys physical well 
being. 

Im fine, Harry said quickly, because he could not 
bear to discuss the thing that he knew was in 
Hagrids mind. So, whereve you been? 

Bin hidin out in the mountains, said Hagrid. Up in 
a cave, like Sirius did when he   

Hagrid broke off, cleared his throat gruffly, looked at 
Harry, and took a long draft of juice. 

Anyway, back now, he said feebly. 

You  you look better, said Harry, who was 
determined to keep the conversation moving away 
from Sirius. 

Wha? said Hagrid, raising a massive hand and 
feeling his face. Oh  oh yeah. Well, Grawpys loads 
better behaved now, loads. Seemed right pleased ter 
see me when I got back, ter tell yeh the truth. Hes a 
good lad, really... Ive bin thinkin abou tryin ter find 
him a lady friend, actually... 

Harry would normally have tried to persuade Hagrid 
out of this idea at once. The prospect of a second 
giant taking up residence in the forest, possibly even 
wilder and more brutal than Grawp, was positively 
alarming, but somehow Harry could not muster the 
energy necessary to argue the point. He was starting 
to wish he was alone again, and with the idea of 
hastening his departure he took several large gulps of 
his dandelion juice, half emptying his glass. 



  1088Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Evryone knows youve bin tellin the truth now, 
Harry, said Hagrid softly and unexpectedly. Thas 
gotta be better, hasn it? 

Harry shrugged. 

Look ... Hagrid leaned toward him across the table, 
I knew Sirius longer n you did... He died in battle, 
an thas the way hedve wanted ter go   

He didnt want to go at all! said Harry angrily. 

Hagrid bowed his great shaggy head. 

Nah, I don reckon he did, he said quietly. But still, 
Harry ... he was never one ter sit around at home an 
let other people do the fightin. He couldn have lived 
with himself if he hadn gone ter help   

Harry leapt up again. 

Ive got to go and visit Ron and Hermione in the 
hospital wing, he said mechanically. 

Oh, said Hagrid, looking rather upset. Oh ... all 
righ then, Harry ... Take care of yerself then, an drop 
back in if yehve got a mo... 

Yeah ... right ... 

Harry crossed to the door as fast as he could and 
pulled it open. He was out in the sunshine again 
before Hagrid had finished saying goodbye and 
walked away across the lawn. Once again, people 
called out to him as he passed. He closed his eyes for 
a few moments, wishing they would all vanish, that 
he could open his eyes and find himself alone in the 
grounds... 



  1089Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




A few days ago, before his exams had finished and he 
had seen the vision Voldemort had planted in his 
mind, he would have given almost anything for the 
Wizarding world to know that he had been telling the 
truth, for them to believe that Voldemort was back 
and know that he was neither a liar nor mad. Now, 
however ... 

He walked a short way around the lake, sat down on 
its bank, sheltered from the gaze of passersby behind 
a tangle of shrubs, and stared out over the gleaming 
water, thinking... 

Perhaps the reason he wanted to be alone was 
because he had felt isolated from everybody since his 
talk with Dumbledore. An invisible barrier separated 
him from the rest of the world. He was  he had 
always been  a marked man. It was just that he had 
never really understood what that meant... 

And yet sitting here on the edge of the lake, with the 
terrible weight of grief dragging at him, with the loss 
of Sirius so raw and fresh inside, he could not muster 
any great sense of fear. It was sunny and the grounds 
around him were full of laughing people, and even 
though he felt as distant from them as though he 
belonged to a different race, it was still very hard to 
believe as he sat here that his life must include, or 
end in, murder... 

He sat there for a long time, gazing out at the water, 
trying not to think about his godfather or to 
remember that it was directly across from here, on 
the opposite bank, that Sirius had collapsed trying to 
fend off a hundred dementors... 

The sun had fallen before he realized that he was 
cold. He got up and returned to the castle, wiping his 
face on his sleeve as he went. 

  1090Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Ron and Hermione left the hospital wing completely 
cured three days before the end of term. Hermione 
showed signs of wanting to talk about Sirius, but Ron 
tended to make hushing noises every time she 
mentioned his name. Harry was not sure whether or 
not he wanted to talk about his godfather yet; his 
wishes varied with his mood. He knew one thing, 
though: Unhappy as he felt at the moment, he would 
greatly miss Hogwarts in a few days time when he 
was back at number four, Privet Drive. Even though 
he now understood exactly why he had to return 
there every summer, he did not feel any better about 
it. Indeed, he had never dreaded his return more. 

Professor Umbridge left Hogwarts the day before the 
end of term. It seemed that she had crept out of the 
hospital wing during dinnertime, evidently hoping to 
depart undetected, but unfortunately for her, she met 
Peeves on the way, who seized his last chance to do 
as Fred had instructed and chased her gleefully from 
the premises, whacking her alternately with a walking 
stick and a sock full of chalk. Many students ran out 
into the entrance hall to watch her running away 
down the path, and the Heads of Houses tried only 
halfheartedly to restrain their pupils. Indeed, 

Professor McGonagall sank back into her chair at the 
staff table after a few feeble remonstrances and was 
clearly heard to express a regret that she could not 
run cheering after Umbridge herself, because Peeves 
had borrowed her walking stick. 

Their last evening at school arrived; most people had 
finished packing and were already heading down to 
the endofterm feast, but Harry had not even started. 

Just do it tomorrow! said Ron, who was waiting by 
the door of their dormitory. Come on, Im starving... 

I wont be long... Look, you go ahead... 

  1091Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




But when the dormitory door closed behind Ron, 
Harry made no effort to speed up his packing. The 
very last thing he wanted to do was to attend the end 
ofterm feast. He was worried that Dumbledore would 
make some reference to him in his speech. He was 
sure to mention Voldemorts return; he had talked to 
them about it last year, after all... 

Harry pulled some crumpled robes out of the very 
bottom of his trunk to make way for folded ones and, 
as he did so, noticed a badly wrapped package lying 
in a corner of it. He could not think what it was doing 
there. He bent down, pulled it out from underneath 
his trainers, and examined it. 

He realized what it was within seconds. Sirius had 
given it to him just inside the front door of twelve 
Grimmauld Place. Use it if you need me, all right? 

Harry sank down onto his bed and unwrapped the 
package. Out fell a small, square mirror. It looked old; 
it was certainly dirty. Harry held it up to his face and 
saw his own reflection looking back at him. 

He turned the mirror over. There on the reverse side 
was a scribbled note from Sirius. 

This is a twoway mirror. Ive got the other. If you need 
to speak to me, just say my name into it; youll appear 
in my mirror and Ill be able to talk in yours. James 
and I used to use them when we were in separate 
detentions. 

And Harrys heart began to race. He remembered 
seeing his dead parents in the Mirror of Erised four 
years ago. He was going to be able to talk to Sirius 
again, right now, he knew it  



  1092Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




He looked around to make sure there was nobody else 
there; the dormitory was quite empty. He looked back 
at the mirror, raised it in front of his face with 
trembling hands, and said, loudly and clearly, 

Sirius. 

His breath misted the surface of the glass. He held 
the mirror even closer, excitement flooding through 
him, but the eyes blinking back at him through the 
fog were definitely his own. 

He wiped the mirror clear again and said, so that 
every syllable rang clearly through the room, Sirius 
Black! 

Nothing happened. The frustrated face looking back 
out of the mirror was still, definitely, his own... 

Sirius didnt have his mirror on him when he went 
through the archway, said a small voice in Harrys 
head. Thats why its not working... 

Harry remained quite still for a moment, then hurled 
the mirror back into the trunk where it shattered. He 
had been convinced, for a whole, shining minute, that 
he was going to see Sirius, talk to him again... 

Disappointment was burning in his throat. He got up 
and began throwing his things pellmell into the 
trunk on top of the broken mirror  

But then an idea struck him... A better idea than a 
mirror ... A much bigger, more important idea . . . How 
had he never thought of it before  why had he never 
asked? 

He was sprinting out of the dormitory and down the 
spiral staircase, hitting the walls as he ran and barely 
noticing. He hurtled across the empty common room, 

  1093Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




through the portrait hole and off along the corridor, 
ignoring the Fat Lady, who called after him, The feast 
is about to start, you know, youre cutting it very 
fine! 

But Harry had no intention of going to the feast . . . 

How could it be that the place was full of ghosts 
whenever you didnt need one, yet now ... 

He ran down staircases and along corridors and met 
nobody either alive or dead. They were all, clearly, in 
the Great Hall. Outside his Charms classroom he 
came to a halt, panting and thinking disconsolately 
that he would have to wait until later, until after the 
end of the feast . . . 

But just as he had given up hope he saw it  a 
translucent somebody drifting across the end of the 
corridor. 

Hey  hey Nick! NICK! 

The ghost stuck its head back out of the wall, 
revealing the extravagantly plumed hat and 
dangerously wobbling head of Sir Nicholas de Mimsy 
Porpington. 

Good evening, he said, withdrawing the rest of his 
body from the solid stone and smiling at Harry. I am 
not the only one who is late, then? Though, he 
sighed, in rather different senses, of course ... 

Nick, can I ask you something? 

A most peculiar expression stole over Nearly Headless 
Nicks face as he inserted a finger in the stiff ruff at 
his neck and tugged it a little straighter, apparently to 
give himself thinking time. He desisted only when his 

  1094Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




partially severed neck seemed about to give way 
completely. 



Er  now, Harry? said Nick, looking discomforted. 
Cant it wait until after the feast? 

No  Nick  please, said Harry, I really need to 
talk to you. Can we go in here? 

Harry opened the door of the nearest classroom and 
Nearly Headless Nick sighed. 

Oh very well, he said, looking resigned. I cant 
pretend I havent been expecting it. 

Harry was holding the door open for him, but he 
drifted through the wall instead. 

Expecting what? Harry asked, as he closed the door. 

You to come and find me, said Nick, now gliding 
over to the window and looking out at the darkening 
grounds. It happens, sometimes ... when somebody 
has suffered a ... loss. 

Well, said Harry, refusing to be deflected. You were 
right, Ive  Ive come to find you. 

Nick said nothing. 

Its   said Harry, who was finding this more 
awkward than he had anticipated, its just  youre 
dead. But youre still here, arent you? 

Nick sighed and continued to gaze out at the grounds. 

Thats right, isnt it? Harry urged him. You died, 
but Im talking to you... You can walk around 
Hogwarts and everything, cant you? 

  1095Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Yes, said Nearly Headless Nick quietly, I walk and 
talk, yes. 

So, you came back, didnt you? said Harry urgently. 
People can come back, right? As ghosts. They dont 
have to disappear completely. Well? he added 
impatiently, when Nick continued to say nothing. 

Nearly Headless Nick hesitated, then said, Not 
everyone can come back as a ghost. 

What dyou mean? said Harry quickly. 

Only ... only wizards. 

Oh, said Harry, and he almost laughed with relief. 
Well, thats okay then, the person Im asking about is 
a wizard. So he can come back, right? 

Nick turned away from the window and looked 
mournfully at Harry. He wont come back. 

Who? 

Sirius Black, said Nick. 

But you did! said Harry angrily. You came back  
youre dead and you didnt disappear   

Wizards can leave an imprint of themselves upon the 
earth, to walk palely where their living selves once 
trod, said Nick miserably. But very few wizards 
choose that path. 

Why not? said Harry. Anyway  it doesnt matter 
 Sirius wont care if its unusual, hell come back, I 
know he will! 



  1096Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




And so strong was his belief that Harry actually 
turned his head to check the door, sure, for a split 
second, that he was going to see Sirius, pearly white 
and transparent but beaming, walking through it 
toward him. 

He will not come back, repeated Nick quietly. He 
will have ... gone on. 

What dyou mean, gone on? said Harry quickly. 
Gone on where? Listen  what happens when you 
die, anyway? Where do you go? Why doesnt everyone 
come back? Why isnt this place full of ghosts? Why 
 ? 

I cannot answer, said Nick. 

Youre dead, arent you? said Harry exasperatedly. 
Who can answer better than you? 

I was afraid of death, said Nick. I chose to remain 
behind. I sometimes wonder whether I oughtnt to 
have ... Well, that is neither here nor there... In fact, I 
am neither here nor there... He gave a small sad 
chuckle. I know nothing of the secrets of death, 

Harry, for I chose my feeble imitation of life instead. I 
believe learned wizards study the matter in the 
Department of Mysteries   

Dont talk to me about that place! said Harry 
fiercely. 

I am sorry not to have been more help, said Nick 
gently. Well ... well, do excuse me ... the feast, you 
know ... 

And he left the room, leaving Harry there alone, 
gazing blankly at the wall through which Nick had 
disappeared. 

  1097Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry felt almost as though he had lost his godfather 
all over again in losing the hope that he might be able 
to see or speak to him once more. He walked slowly 
and miserably back up through the empty castle, 
wondering whether he would ever feel cheerful again. 

He had turned the corner toward the Fat Ladys 
corridor when he saw somebody up ahead fastening a 
note to a board on the wall. A second glance showed 
him that it was Luna. There were no good hiding 
places nearby, she was bound to have heard his 
footsteps, and in any case, Harry could hardly muster 
the energy to avoid anyone at the moment. 

Hello, said Luna vaguely, glancing around at him as 
she stepped back from the notice. 

How come youre not at the feast? Harry asked. 

Well, Ive lost most of my possessions, said Luna 
serenely. People take them and hide them, you know. 
But as its the last night, I really do need them back, 
so Ive been putting up signs. 

She gestured toward the notice board, upon which, 
sure enough, she had pinned a list of all her missing 
books and clothes, with a plea for their return. 

An odd feeling rose in Harry  an emotion quite 
different from the anger and grief that had filled him 
since Siriuss death. It was a few moments before he 
realized that he was feeling sorry for Luna. 

How come people hide your stuff? he asked her, 
frowning. 

Oh ... well ... She shrugged. I think they think Im a 
bit odd, you know. Some people call me Loony 
Lovegood, actually. 

  1098Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Harry looked at her and the new feeling of pity 
intensified rather painfully. 

Thats no reason for them to take your things, he 
said flatly. Dyou want help finding them? 

Oh no, she said, smiling at him. Theyll come back, 
they always do in the end. It was just that I wanted to 
pack tonight. Anyway ... why arent you at the feast? 

Harry shrugged. Just didnt feel like it. 

No, said Luna, observing him with those oddly 
misty, protuberant eyes. I dont suppose you do. 

That man the Death Eaters killed was your godfather, 
wasnt he? Ginny told me. 

Harry nodded curtly, but found that for some reason 
he did not mind Luna talking about Sirius. He had 
just remembered that she too could see thestrals. 

Have you ... he began. I mean, who ... has anyone 
youve known ever died? 

Yes, said Luna simply, my mother. She was a quite 
extraordinary witch, you know, but she did like to 
experiment and one of her spells went rather badly 
wrong one day. I was nine. 

Im sorry, Harry mumbled. 

Yes, it was rather horrible, said Luna 
conversationally. I still feel very sad about it 
sometimes. But Ive still got Dad. And anyway, its not 
as though Ill never see Mum again, is it? 

Er  isnt it? said Harry uncertainly. 



  1099Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




She shook her head in disbelief. Oh, come on. You 
heard them, just behind the veil, didnt you? 

You mean ... 

In that room with the archway. They were just 
lurking out of sight, thats all. You heard them. 

They looked at each other. Luna was smiling slightly. 
Harry did not know what to say, or to think. Luna 
believed so many extraordinary things . . . yet he had 
been sure he had heard voices behind the veil too... 

Are you sure you dont want me to help you look for 
your stuff? he said. 

Oh no, said Luna. No, I think Ill just go down and 
have some pudding and wait for it all to turn up... It 
always does in the end... Well, have a nice holiday, 
Harry. 

Yeah ... yeah, you too. 

She walked away from him, and as he watched her 
go, he found that the terrible weight in his stomach 
seemed to have lessened slightly. 

The journey home on the Hogwarts Express next day 
was eventful in several ways. Firstly, Malfoy, Crabbe, 
and Goyle, who had clearly been waiting all week for 
the opportunity to strike without teacher witnesses, 
attempted to ambush Harry halfway down the train 
as he made his way back from the toilet. The attack 
might have succeeded had it not been for the fact that 
they unwittingly chose to stage the attack right 
outside a compartment full of D.A. members, who saw 
what was happening through the glass and rose as 
one to rush to Harrys aid. By the time Ernie 
Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin 
  llOOHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




FinchFletchley, Anthony Goldstein, and Terry Boot 
had finished using a wide variety of the hexes and 
jinxes Harry had taught them, Malfoy, Crabbe, and 
Goyle resembled nothing so much as three gigantic 
slugs squeezed into Hogwarts uniforms as Harry, 

Ernie, and Justin hoisted them into the luggage rack 
and left them there to ooze. 

I must say, Im looking forward to seeing Malfoys 
mothers face when he gets off the train, said Ernie 
with some satisfaction, as he watched Malfoy squirm 
above him. Ernie had never quite got over the 
indignity of Malfoy docking points from Hufflepuff 
during his brief spell as a member of the Inquisitorial 
Squad. 

Goyles mumll be really pleased, though, said Ron, 
who had come to investigate the source of the 
commotion. Hes loads betterlooking now... Anyway, 
Harry, the food trolleys just stopped if you want 
anything... 

Harry thanked the others and accompanied Ron back 
to their compartment, where he bought a large pile of 
Cauldron Cakes and Pumpkin Pasties. Hermione was 
reading the Daily Prophet again, Ginny was doing a 
quiz in The Quibbler, and Neville was stroking his 
Mimbulus mimbletonia, which had grown a great deal 
over the year and now made odd crooning noises 
when touched. 

Harry and Ron whiled away most of the journey 
playing wizard chess while Hermione read out 
snippets from the Prophet It was now full of articles 
about how to repel dementors, attempts by the 
Ministry to track down Death Eaters, and hysterical 
letters claiming that the writer had seen Lord 
Voldemort walking past their house that very 
morning. . . 

  llOlHarry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




It hasnt really started yet, sighed Hermione 
gloomily, folding up the newspaper again. But it 
wont be long now... 

Hey, Harry, said Ron, nodding toward the glass 
window onto the corridor. 

Harry looked around. Cho was passing, accompanied 
by Marietta Edgecombe, who was wearing a balaclava. 
His and Chos eyes met for a moment. Cho blushed 
and kept walking. Harry looked back down at the 
chessboard just in time to see one of his pawns 
chased off its square by Rons knight. 

Whats  er  going on with you and her anyway? 
Ron asked quietly. 

Nothing, said Harry truthfully. 

I  er  heard shes going out with someone else 
now, said Hermione tentatively. 

Harry was surprised to find that this information did 
not hurt at all. Wanting to impress Cho seemed to 
belong to a past that was no longer quite connected 
with him. So much of what he had wanted before 
Siriuss death felt that way these days... The week 
that had elapsed since he had last seen Sirius seemed 
to have lasted much, much longer: It stretched across 
two universes, the one with Sirius in it, and the one 
without. 

Youre well out of it, mate, said Ron forcefully. I 
mean, shes quite goodlooking and all that, but you 
want someone a bit more cheerful. 

Shes probably cheerful enough with someone else, 
said Harry, shrugging. 



  1102Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Whos she with now anyway? Ron asked Hermione, 
but it was Ginny who answered. 

Michael Corner, she said. 

Michael  but   said Ron, craning around in his 
seat to stare at her. But you were going out with 
him! 

Not anymore, said Ginny resolutely. He didnt like 
Gryffindor beating Ravenclaw at Quidditch and got 
really sulky, so I ditched him and he ran off to 
comfort Cho instead. She scratched her nose 
absently with the end of her quill, turned The 
Quibbler upside down, and began marking her 
answers. Ron looked highly delighted. 

Well, I always thought he was a bit of an idiot, he 
said, prodding his queen forward toward Harrys 
quivering castle. Good for you. Just choose someone 
 better  next time. 

He cast Harry an oddly furtive look as he said it. 

Well, Ive chosen Dean Thomas, would you say hes 
better? asked Ginny vaguely. 

WHAT? shouted Ron, upending the chessboard. 
Crookshanks went plunging after the pieces and 
Hedwig and Pigwidgeon twittered and hooted angrily 
from overhead. 

As the train slowed down in the approach to Kings 
Cross, Harry thought he had never wanted to leave it 
less. He even wondered fleetingly what would happen 
if he simply refused to get off, but remained 
stubbornly sitting there until the first of September, 
when it would take him back to Hogwarts. When it 
finally puffed to a standstill, however, he lifted down 
  1103Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Hedwigs cage and prepared to drag his trunk from 
the train as usual. 

When the ticket inspector signaled to him, Ron, and 
Hermione that it was safe to walk through the 
magical barrier between platforms nine and ten, 
however, he found a surprise awaiting him on the 
other side: a group of people standing there to greet 
him whom he had not expected at all. 

There was MadEye Moody, looking quite as sinister 
with his bowler hat pulled low over his magical eye as 
he would have done without it, his gnarled hands 
clutching a long staff, his body wrapped in a 
voluminous traveling cloak. Tonks stood just behind 
him, her bright bubblegumpink hair gleaming in the 
sunlight filtering through the dirty glass station 
ceiling, wearing heavily patched jeans and a bright 
purple Tshirt bearing the legend THE WEIRD 
SISTERS. Next to Tonks was Lupin, his face pale, his 
hair graying, a long and threadbare overcoat covering 
a shabby jumper and trousers. At the front of the 
group stood Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, dressed in their 
Muggle best, and Fred and George, who were both 
wearing brandnew jackets in some lurid green, scaly 
material. 

Ron, Ginny! called Mrs. Weasley, hurrying forward 
and hugging her children tightly. Oh, and Harry dear 
 how are you? 

Fine, lied Harry, as she pulled him into a tight 
embrace. Over her shoulder he saw Ron goggling at 
the twins new clothes. 

What are they supposed to be? he asked, pointing at 
the jackets. 



  1104Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Finest dragon skin, little bro, said Fred, giving his 
zip a little tweak. Business is booming and we 
thought wed treat ourselves. 

Hello, Harry, said Lupin, as Mrs. Weasley let go of 
Harry and turned to greet Hermione. 

Hi, said Harry. I didnt expect ... what are you all 
doing here? 

Well, said Lupin with a slight smile, we thought we 
might have a little chat with your aunt and uncle 
before letting them take you home. 

I dunno if thats a good idea, said Harry at once. 

Oh, I think it is, growled Moody, who had limped a 
little closer. Thatll be them, will it, Potter? 

He pointed with his thumb over his shoulder; his 
magical eye was evidently peering through the back of 
his head and his bowler hat. Harry leaned an inch or 
so to the left to see where MadEye was pointing and 
there, sure enough, were the three Dursleys, who 
looked positively appalled to see Harrys reception 
committee. 

Ah, Harry! said Mr. Weasley, turning from 
Hermiones parents, whom he had been greeting 
enthusiastically, and who were taking it in turns to 
hug Hermione. Well  shall we do it, then? 

Yeah, I reckon so, Arthur, said Moody. 

He and Mr. Weasley took the lead across the station 
toward the place where the Dursleys stood, 
apparently rooted to the floor. Hermione disengaged 
herself gently from her mother to join the group. 



  1105Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Good afternoon, said Mr. Weasley pleasantly to 
Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt right in front of him. 
You might remember me, my names Arthur 
Weasley. 

As Mr. Weasley had singlehandedly demolished most 
of the Dursleys living room two years previously, 

Harry would have been very surprised if Uncle Vernon 
had forgotten him. Sure enough, Uncle Vernon turned 
a deeper shade of puce and glared at Mr. Weasley, 
but chose not to say anything, partly, perhaps, 
because the Dursleys were outnumbered two to one. 
Aunt Petunia looked both frightened and 
embarrassed. She kept glancing around, as though 
terrified somebody she knew would see her in such 
company. Dudley, meanwhile, seemed to be trying to 
look small and insignificant, a feat at which he was 
failing extravagantly. 

We thought wed just have a few words with you 
about Harry, said Mr. Weasley, still smiling. 

Yeah, growled Moody. About how hes treated when 
hes at your place. 

Uncle Vernons mustache seemed to bristle with 
indignation. Possibly because the bowler hat gave him 
the entirely mistaken impression that he was dealing 
with a kindred spirit, he addressed himself to Moody. 

I am not aware that it is any of your business what 
goes on in my house   

I expect what youre not aware of would fill several 
books, Dursley, growled Moody. 

Anyway, thats not the point, interjected Tonks, 
whose pink hair seemed to offend Aunt Petunia more 
than all the rest put together, for she closed her eyes 

  1106Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




rather than look at her. The point is, if we find out 
youve been horrible to Harry   

  and make no mistake, well hear about it, added 
Lupin pleasantly. 

Yes, said Mr. Weasley, even if you wont let Harry 
use the fellytone   

 Telephone , whispered Hermione. 

Yeah, if we get any hint that Potters been mistreated 
in any way, youll have us to answer to, said Moody. 

Uncle Vernon swelled ominously. His sense of outrage 
seemed to outweigh even his fear of this bunch of 
oddballs. 

Are you threatening me, sir? he said, so loudly that 
passersby actually turned to stare. 

Yes, I am, said MadEye, who seemed rather pleased 
that Uncle Vernon had grasped this fact so quickly. 

And do I look like the kind of man who can be 
intimidated? barked Uncle Vernon. 

Well ... said Moody, pushing back his bowler hat to 
reveal his sinisterly revolving magical eye. Uncle 
Vernon leapt backward in horror and collided 
painfully with a luggage trolley. Yes, Id have to say 
you do, Dursley. 

He turned from Uncle Vernon to Harry. So, Potter ... 
give us a shout if you need us. If we dont hear from 
you for three days in a row, well send someone 
along... 



  1107Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   




Aunt Petunia whimpered piteously. It could not have 
been plainer that she was thinking of what the 
neighbors would say if they caught sight of these 
people marching up the garden path. 

 T3ye, then, Potter, said Moody, grasping Harrys 
shoulder for a moment with a gnarled hand. 

Take care, Harry, said Lupin quietly. Keep in 
touch. 

Harry, well have you away from there as soon as we 
can, Mrs. Weasley whispered, hugging him again. 

Well see you soon, mate, said Ron anxiously, 
shaking Harrys hand. 

Really soon, Harry, said Hermione earnestly. We 
promise. 

Harry nodded. He somehow could not find words to 
tell them what it meant to him, to see them all ranged 
there, on his side. Instead he smiled, raised a hand in 
farewell, turned around, and led the way out of the 
station toward the sunlit street, with Uncle Vernon, 
Aunt Petunia, and Dudley hurrying along in his wake. 



  1108Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix   


THE OTHER MINISTER 

It was nearing midnight and the Prime Minister was 
sitting alone in his office, reading a long memo that 
was slipping through his brain without leaving the 
slightest trace of meaning behind. He was waiting for 
a call from the President of a far distant country, and 
between wondering when the wretched man would 
telephone, and trying to suppress unpleasant 
memories of what had been a very long, tiring, and 
difficult week, there was not much space in his head 
for anything else. The more he attempted to focus on 
the print on the  before him, the more clearly the 
Prime Minister could see the gloating face of one of 
his political opponents. This particular opponent had 
appeared on the news that very day, not only to 
enumerate all the terrible things that had happened 
in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding) 
but also to explain why each and every one of them 
was the governments fault. 

The Prime Ministers pulse quickened at the very 
thought of these accusations, for they were neither 
fair nor true. How on earth was his government 

  2 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



supposed to have stopped that bridge collapsing? It 
was outrageous for anybody to suggest that they were 
not spending enough on bridges. The bridge was 
fewer than ten years old, and the best experts were at 
a loss to explain why it had snapped cleanly in two, 
sending a dozen cars into the watery depths of the 
river below. And how dare anyone suggest that it was 
lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very 
nasty and wellpublicized murders? Or that the 
government should have somehow foreseen the freak 
hurricane in the West Country that had caused so 
much damage to both people and property? And was 
it his fault that one of his Junior Ministers, Herbert 
Chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly 
that he was now going to be spending a lot more time 
with his family? 

A grim mood has gripped the country, the opponent 
had concluded, barely concealing his own broad grin. 

And unfortunately, this was perfectly true. The Prime 
Minister felt it himself; people really did seem more 
miserable than usual. Even the weather was dismal; 
all this chilly mist in the middle of July. ... It wasnt 
right, it wasnt normal. ... 

He turned over the second  of the memo, saw 
how much longer it went on, and gave it up as a bad 
job. Stretching his arms above his head he looked 
around his office mournfully. It was a handsome 
room, with a fine marble fireplace facing the long sash 
windows, firmly closed against the unseasonable 
chill. With a slight shiver, the Prime Minister got up 
and moved over to the window, looking out at the thin 
mist that was pressing itself against the glass. It was 
then, as he stood with his back to the room, that he 
heard a soft cough behind him. 



  3 



Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He froze, nose to nose with his own scaredlooking 
reflection in the dark glass. He knew that cough. He 
had heard it before. He turned very slowly to face the 
empty room. 

Hello? he said, trying to sound braver than he felt. 

For a brief moment he allowed himself the impossible 
hope that nobody would answer him. However, a 
voice responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that 
sounded as though it were reading a prepared 
statement. It was coming  as the Prime Minister 
had known at the first cough  from the froglike little 
man wearing a long silver wig who was depicted in a 
small, dirty oil painting in the far corner of the room. 

To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Urgent we meet. 
Kindly respond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge. 

The man in the painting looked inquiringly at the 
Prime Minister. 

Er, said the Prime Minister, listen. ... Its not a very 
good time for me. ... Im waiting for a telephone call, 
you see . . . from the President of   

That can be rearranged, said the portrait at once. 
The Prime Ministers heart sank. He had been afraid 
of that. 

But I really was rather hoping to speak   

We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. 

He will telephone tomorrow night instead, said the 
little man. Kindly respond immediately to Mr. 

Fudge. 

I ... oh ... very well, said the Prime Minister weakly. 
Yes, Ill see Fudge. 

  4 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




He hurried back to his desk, straightening his tie as 
he went. He had barely resumed his seat, and 
arranged his face into what he hoped was a relaxed 
and unfazed expression, when bright green flames 
burst into life in the empty grate beneath his marble 
mantelpiece. He watched, trying not to betray a flicker 
of surprise or alarm, as a portly man appeared within 
the flames, spinning as fast as a top. Seconds later, 
he had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, 
brushing ash from the sleeves of his long pinstriped 
cloak, a limegreen bowler hat in his hand. 

Ah ... Prime Minister, said Cornelius Fudge, striding 
forward with his hand outstretched. Good to see you 
again. 

The Prime Minister could not honestly return this 
compliment, so said nothing at all. He was not 
remotely pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional 
appearances, apart from being downright alarming in 
themselves, generally meant that he was about to 
hear some very bad news. Furthermore, Fudge was 
looking distinctly careworn. He was thinner, balder, 
and grayer, and his face had a crumpled look. The 
Prime Minister had seen that kind of look in 
politicians before, and it never boded well. 

How can I help you? he said, shaking Fudges hand 
very briefly and gesturing toward the hardest of the 
chairs in front of the desk. 

Difficult to know where to begin, muttered Fudge, 
pulling up the chair, sitting down, and placing his 
green bowler upon his knees. What a week, what a 
week ... 

Had a bad one too, have you? asked the Prime 
Minister stiffly, hoping to convey by this that he had 



  5 



Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




quite enough on his plate already without any extra 
helpings from Fudge. 



Yes, of course, said Fudge, rubbing his eyes wearily 
and looking morosely at the Prime Minister. Ive been 
having the same week you have, Prime Minister. The 
Brockdale Bridge ... the Bones and Vance murders ... 
not to mention the ruckus in the West Country ... 

You  er  your  I mean to say, some of your 
people were  were involved in those  those things, 
were they? 

Fudge fixed the Prime Minister with a rather stern 
look. Of course they were, he said. Surely youve 
realized whats going on? 

I ... hesitated the Prime Minister. 

It was precisely this sort of behavior that made him 
dislike Fudges visits so much. He was, after all, the 
Prime Minister and did not appreciate being made to 
feel like an ignorant schoolboy. But of course, it had 
been like this from his very first meeting with Fudge 
on his very first evening as Prime Minister. He 
remembered it as though it were yesterday and knew 
it would haunt him until his dying day. 

He had been standing alone in this very office, 
savoring the triumph that was his after so many 
years of dreaming and scheming, when he had heard 
a cough behind him, just like tonight, and turned to 
find that ugly little portrait talking to him, 
announcing that the Minister of Magic was about to 
arrive and introduce himself. 

Naturally, he had thought that the long campaign and 
the strain of the election had caused him to go mad. 
He had been utterly terrified to find a portrait talking 

  6 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




to him, though this had been nothing to how he felt 
when a selfproclaimed wizard had bounced out of the 
fireplace and shaken his hand. He had remained 
speechless throughout Fudges kindly explanation 
that there were witches and wizards still living in 
secret all over the world and his reassurances that he 
was not to bother his head about them as the 
Ministry of Magic took responsibility for the whole 
Wizarding community and prevented the nonmagical 
population from getting wind of them. It was, said 
Fudge, a difficult job that encompassed everything 
from regulations on responsible use of broomsticks to 
keeping the dragon population under control (the 
Prime Minister remembered clutching the desk for 
support at this point). Fudge had then patted the 
shoulder of the stilldumbstruck Prime Minister in a 
fatherly sort of way. 

Not to worry, he had said, its oddson youll never 
see me again. Ill only bother you if theres something 
really serious going on our end, something thats 
likely to affect the Muggles  the nonmagical 
population, I should say. Otherwise, its live and let 
live. And I must say, youre taking it a lot better than 
your predecessor. He tried to throw me out the 
window, thought I was a hoax planned by the 
opposition. 

At this, the Prime Minister had found his voice at last. 
Youre  youre not a hoax, then? 

It had been his last, desperate hope. 

No, said Fudge gently. No, Im afraid Im not. Look. 

And he had turned the Prime Ministers teacup into a 
gerbil. 



  7 



Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But, said the Prime Minister breathlessly, watching 
his teacup chewing on the corner of his next speech, 
but why  why has nobody told me  ? 

The Minister of Magic only reveals him or herself to 
the Muggle Prime Minister of the day, said Fudge, 
poking his wand back inside his jacket. We find it 
the best way to maintain secrecy. 

But then, bleated the Prime Minister, why hasnt a 
former Prime Minister warned me  ? 

At this, Fudge had actually laughed. 

My dear Prime Minister, are you ever going to tell 
anybody? 

Still chortling, Fudge had thrown some powder into 
the fireplace, stepped into the emerald flames, and 
vanished with a whooshing sound. The Prime 
Minister had stood there, quite motionless, and 
realized that he would never, as long as he lived, dare 
mention this encounter to a living soul, for who in the 
wide world would believe him? 

The shock had taken a little while to wear off. For a 
time, he had tried to convince himself that Fudge had 
indeed been a hallucination brought on by lack of 
sleep during his grueling election campaign. In a vain 
attempt to rid himself of all reminders of this 
uncomfortable encounter, he had given the gerbil to 
his delighted niece and instructed his private 
secretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little 
man who had announced Fudges arrival. To the 
Prime Ministers dismay, however, the portrait had 
proved impossible to remove. When several 
carpenters, a builder or two, an art historian, and the 
Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried 
unsuccessfully to prise it from the wall, the Prime 
  8 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Minister had abandoned the attempt and simply 
resolved to hope that the thing remained motionless 
and silent for the rest of his term in office. 
Occasionally he could have sworn he saw out of the 
corner of his eye the occupant of the painting 
yawning, or else scratching his nose; even, once or 
twice, simply walking out of his frame and leaving 
nothing but a stretch of muddybrown canvas behind. 
However, he had trained himself not to look at the 
picture very much, and always to tell himself firmly 
that his eyes were playing tricks on him when 
anything like this happened. 

Then, three years ago, on a night very like tonight, the 
Prime Minister had been alone in his office when the 
portrait had once again announced the imminent 
arrival of Fudge, who had burst out of the fireplace, 
sopping wet and in a state of considerable panic. 
Before the Prime Minister could ask why he was 
dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started 
ranting about a prison the Prime Minister had never 
heard of, a man named Serious Black, something 
that sounded like Hogwarts, and a boy called Harry 
Potter, none of which made the remotest sense to the 
Prime Minister. 

"... Fve just come from Azkaban, Fudge had panted, 
tipping a large amount of water out of the rim of his 
bowler hat into his pocket. Middle of the North Sea, 
you know, nasty flight . . . the dementors are in 
uproar  he shuddered  theyve never had a 
breakout before. Anyway, I had to come to you, Prime 
Minister. Blacks a known Muggle killer and may be 
planning to rejoin YouKnowWho. ... But of course, 
you dont even know who YouKnowWho is! He had 
gazed hopelessly at the Prime Minister for a moment, 
then said, Well, sit down, sit down, Id better fill you 
in. ... Have a whiskey ... 



  9 



Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The Prime Minister rather resented being told to sit 
down in his own office, let alone offered his own 
whiskey, but he sat nevertheless. Fudge pulled out 
his wand, conjured two large glasses full of amber 
liquid out of thin air, pushed one of them into the 
Prime Ministers hand, and drew up a chair. 

Fudge had talked for more than an hour. At one 
point, he had refused to say a certain name aloud and 
wrote it instead on a piece of parchment, which he 
had thrust into the Prime Ministers whiskeyfree 
hand. When at last Fudge had stood up to leave, the 
Prime Minister had stood up too. 

So you think that ... He had squinted down at the 
name in his left hand. Lord Vol   

 HeWhoMustNotBeNamed\ snarled Fudge. 

Im sorry. ... You think that HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named is still alive, then? 

Well, Dumbledore says he is, said Fudge, as he had 
fastened his pinstriped cloak under his chin, but 
weve never found him. If you ask me, hes not 
dangerous unless hes got support, so its Black we 
ought to be worrying about. Youll put out that 
warning, then? Excellent. Well, I hope we dont see 
each other again, Prime Minister! Good night. 

But they had seen each other again. Less than a year 
later a harassedlooking Fudge had appeared out of 
thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime 
Minister that there had been a spot of bother at the 
Kwidditch (or that was what it had sounded like) 
World Cup and that several Muggles had been 
involved, but that the Prime Minister was not to 
worry, the fact that YouKnow Whos Mark had been 
seen again meant nothing; Fudge was sure it was an 
  10 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was 
dealing with all memory modifications as they spoke. 

Oh, and I almost forgot, Fudge had added. Were 
importing three foreign dragons and a sphinx for the 
Triwizard Tournament, quite routine, but the 
Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical 
Creatures tells me that its down in the rule book that 
we have to notify you if were bringing highly 
dangerous creatures into the country. 

I  what  dragons? spluttered the Prime Minister. 

Yes, three, said Fudge. And a sphinx. Well, good 
day to you. 

The Prime Minister had hoped beyond hope that 
dragons and sphinxes would be the worst of it, but 
no. Less than two years later, Fudge had erupted out 
of the fire yet again, this time with the news that 
there had been a mass breakout from Azkaban. 

A mass breakout? repeated the Prime Minister 
hoarsely. 

No need to worry, no need to worry! shouted Fudge, 
already with one foot in the flames. Well have them 
rounded up in no time  just thought you ought to 
know! 

And before the Prime Minister could shout, Now, wait 
just one moment! Fudge had vanished in a shower of 
green sparks. 

Whatever the press and the opposition might say, the 
Prime Minister was not a foolish man. It had not 
escaped his notice that, despite Fudges assurances 
at their first meeting, they were now seeing rather a 
lot of each other, nor that Fudge was becoming more 
  11 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




flustered with each visit. Little though he liked to 
think about the Minister of Magic (or, as he always 
called Fudge in his head, the Other Minister), the 
Prime Minister could not help but fear that the next 
time Fudge appeared it would be with graver news 
still. The sight, therefore, of Fudge stepping out of the 
fire once more, looking disheveled and fretful and 
sternly surprised that the Prime Minister did not 
know exactly why he was there, was about the worst 
thing that had happened in the course of this 
extremely gloomy week. 

How should I know whats going on in the  er  
Wizarding community? snapped the Prime Minister 
now. I have a country to run and quite enough 
concerns at the moment without   

We have the same concerns, Fudge interrupted. 

The Brockdale Bridge didnt wear out. That wasnt 
really a hurricane. Those murders were not the work 
of Muggles. And Herbert Chorleys family would be 
safer without him. We are currently making 
arrangements to have him transferred to St. Mungos 
Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. The move 
should be effected tonight. 

What do you ... Im afraid I ... What? blustered the 
Prime Minister. 

Fudge took a great, deep breath and said, Prime 
Minister, I am very sorry to have to tell you that hes 
back. HeWhoMustNotBeNamed is back. 

Back? When you say back ... hes alive? I mean   

The Prime Minister groped in his memory for the 
details of that horrible conversation of three years 
previously, when Fudge had told him about the 
wizard who was feared above all others, the wizard 

  12 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




who had committed a thousand terrible crimes before 
his mysterious disappearance fifteen years earlier. 

Yes, alive, said Fudge. That is  I dont know  is 
a man alive if he cant be killed? I dont really 
understand it, and Dumbledore wont explain 
properly  but anyway, hes certainly got a body and 
is walking and talking and killing, so I suppose, for 
the purposes of our discussion, yes, hes alive. 

The Prime Minister did not know what to say to this, 
but a persistent habit of wishing to appear well 
informed on any subject that came up made him cast 
around for any details he could remember of their 
previous conversations. 

Is Serious Black with  er  HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named? 

Black? Black? said Fudge distractedly, turning his 
bowler rapidly in his fingers. Sirius Black, you 
mean? Merlins beard, no. Blacks dead. Turns out we 
were  er  mistaken about Black. He was innocent 
after all. And he wasnt in league with HeWhoMust 
NotBeNamed either. I mean, he added defensively, 
spinning the bowler hat still faster, all the evidence 
pointed  we had more than fifty eyewitnesses  but 
anyway, as I say, hes dead. Murdered, as a matter of 
fact. On Ministry of Magic premises. Theres going to 
be an inquiry, actually. ... 

To his great surprise, the Prime Minister felt a fleeting 
stab of pity for Fudge at this point. It was, however, 
eclipsed almost immediately by a glow of smugness at 
the thought that, deficient though he himself might 
be in the area of materializing out of fireplaces, there 
had never been a murder in any of the government 
departments under his charge. ... Not yet, anyway ... 



  13 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




While the Prime Minister surreptitiously touched the 
wood of his desk, Fudge continued, But Blacks by 
theby now. The point is, were at war, Prime Minister, 
and steps must be taken. 

At war? repeated the Prime Minister nervously. 
Surely thats a little bit of an overstatement? 

HeWhoMustNotBeNamed has now been joined by 
those of his followers who broke out of Azkaban in 
January, said Fudge, speaking more and more 
rapidly and twirling his bowler so fast that it was a 
limegreen blur. Since they have moved into the 
open, they have been wreaking havoc. The Brockdale 
Bridge  he did it, Prime Minister, he threatened a 
mass Muggle killing unless I stood aside for him and 



Good grief, so its your fault those people were killed 
and Im having to answer questions about rusted 
rigging and corroded expansion joints and I dont 
know what else! said the Prime Minister furiously. 

My fault! said Fudge, coloring up. Are you saying 
you would have caved in to blackmail like that? 

Maybe not, said the Prime Minister, standing up 
and striding about the room, but I would have put all 
my efforts into catching the blackmailer before he 
committed any such atrocity! 

Do you really think I wasnt already making every 
effort? demanded Fudge heatedly. Every Auror in 
the Ministry was  and is  trying to find him and 
round up his followers, but we happen to be talking 
about one of the most powerful wizards of all time, a 
wizard who has eluded capture for almost three 
decades! 



  14 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




So I suppose youre going to tell me he caused the 
hurricane in the West Country too? said the Prime 
Minister, his temper rising with every pace he took. It 
was infuriating to discover the reason for all these 
terrible disasters and not to be able to tell the public, 
almost worse than it being the governments fault 
after all. 

That was no hurricane, said Fudge miserably. 

Excuse me! barked the Prime Minister, now 
positively stamping up and down. Trees uprooted, 
roofs ripped off, lampposts bent, horrible injuries   

It was the Death Eaters, said Fudge. HeWhoMust 
NotBeNameds followers. And ... and we suspect 
giant involvement. 

The Prime Minister stopped in his tracks as though 
he had hit an invisible wall.  What involvement? 

Fudge grimaced. He used giants last time, when he 
wanted to go for the grand effect, he said. The Office 
of Misinformation has been working around the clock, 
weve had teams of Obliviators out trying to modify 
the memories of all the Muggles who saw what really 
happened, weve got most of the Department for the 
Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures running 
around Somerset, but we cant find the giant  its 
been a disaster. 

You dont say! said the Prime Minister furiously. 

I wont deny that morale is pretty low at the 
Ministry, said Fudge. What with all that, and then 
losing Amelia Bones. 

Losing who? 



  15 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Amelia Bones. Head of the Department of Magical 
Law Enforcement. We think HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named may have murdered her in person, because 
she was a very gifted witch and  and all the 
evidence was that she put up a real fight. 

Fudge cleared his throat and, with an effort, it 
seemed, stopped spinning his bowler hat. 

But that murder was in the newspapers, said the 
Prime Minister, momentarily diverted from his anger. 
Our newspapers. Amelia Bones ... it just said she 
was a middleaged woman who lived alone. It was a  
a nasty killing, wasnt it? Its had rather a lot of 
publicity. The police are baffled, you see. 

Fudge sighed. Well, of course they are, he said. 
Killed in a room that was locked from the inside, 
wasnt she? We, on the other hand, know exactly who 
did it, not that that gets us any further toward 
catching him. And then there was Emmeline Vance, 
maybe you didnt hear about that one   

Oh yes I did! said the Prime Minister. It happened 
just around the corner from here, as a matter of fact. 
The papers had a field day with it, breakdown of law 
and order in the Prime Ministers backyard    

And as if all that wasnt enough, said Fudge, barely 
listening to the Prime Minister, weve got dementors 
swarming all over the place, attacking people left, 
right, and center. ... 

Once upon a happier time this sentence would have 
been unintelligible to the Prime Minister, but he was 
wiser now. 

I thought dementors guard the prisoners in 
Azkaban, he said cautiously. 

  16 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




They did, said Fudge wearily. But not anymore. 
Theyve deserted the prison and joined HeWhoMust 
NotBeNamed. I wont pretend that wasnt a blow. 

But, said the Prime Minister, with a sense of 
dawning horror, didnt you tell me theyre the 
creatures that drain hope and happiness out of 
people? 

Thats right. And theyre breeding. Thats whats 
causing all this mist. 

The Prime Minister sank, weakkneed, into the 
nearest chair. The idea of invisible creatures swooping 
through the towns and countryside, spreading 
despair and hopelessness in his voters, made him feel 
quite faint. 

Now see here, Fudge  youve got to do something! 
Its your responsibility as Minister of Magic! 

My dear Prime Minister, you cant honestly think Im 
still Minister of Magic after all this? I was sacked 
three days ago! The whole Wizarding community has 
been screaming for my resignation for a fortnight. Ive 
never known them so united in my whole term of 
office! said Fudge, with a brave attempt at a smile. 

The Prime Minister was momentarily lost for words. 
Despite his indignation at the position into which he 
had been placed, he still rather felt for the shrunken 
looking man sitting opposite him. 

Im very sorry, he said finally. If theres anything I 
can do? 

Its very kind of you, Prime Minister, but there is 
nothing. I was sent here tonight to bring you up to 
date on recent events and to introduce you to my 

  17 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




successor. I rather thought hed be here by now, but 
of course, hes very busy at the moment, with so 
much going on. 

Fudge looked around at the portrait of the ugly little 
man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was 
digging in his ear with the point of a quill. Catching 
Fudges eye, the portrait said, Hell be here in a 
moment, hes just finishing a letter to Dumbledore. 

I wish him luck, said Fudge, sounding bitter for the 
first time. Ive been writing to Dumbledore twice a 
day for the past fortnight, but he wont budge. If hed 
just been prepared to persuade the boy, I might still 
be ... Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more 
success. 

Fudge subsided into what was clearly an aggrieved 
silence, but it was broken almost immediately by the 
portrait, which suddenly spoke in its crisp, official 
voice. 

To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Requesting a 
meeting. Urgent. Kindly respond immediately. Rufus 
Scrimgeour, Minister of Magic. 

Yes, yes, fine, said the Prime Minister distractedly, 
and he barely flinched as the flames in the grate 
turned emerald green again, rose up, and revealed a 
second spinning wizard in their heart, disgorging him 
moments later onto the antique rug. 

Fudge got to his feet and, after a moments hesitation, 
the Prime Minister did the same, watching the new 
arrival straighten up, dust down his long black robes, 
and look around. 

The Prime Ministers first, foolish thought was that 
Rufus Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. 

  18 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair 
and his bushy eyebrows; he had keen yellowish eyes 
behind a pair of wirerimmed spectacles and a certain 
rangy, loping grace even though he walked with a 
slight limp. There was an immediate impression of 
shrewdness and toughness; the Prime Minister 
thought he understood why the Wizarding community 
preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these 
dangerous times. 

How do you do? said the Prime Minister politely, 
holding out his hand. 

Scrimgeour grasped it briefly, his eyes scanning the 
room, then pulled out a wand from under his robes. 

Fudge told you everything? he asked, striding over 
to the door and tapping the keyhole with his wand. 
The Prime Minister heard the lock click. 

Er  yes, said the Prime Minister. And if you dont 
mind, Id rather that door remained unlocked. 

Id rather not be interrupted, said Scrimgeour 
shortly, or watched, he added, pointing his wand at 
the windows, so that the curtains swept across them. 
Right, well, Im a busy man, so lets get down to 
business. First of all, we need to discuss your 
security. 

The Prime Minister drew himself up to his fullest 
height and replied, I am perfectly happy with the 
security Ive already got, thank you very   

Well, were not, Scrimgeour cut in. Itll be a poor 
lookout for the Muggles if their Prime Minister gets 
put under the Imperius Curse. The new secretary in 
your outer office   



  19 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tm not getting rid of Kingsley Shacklebolt, if thats 
what youre suggesting! said the Prime Minister 
hotly. Hes highly efficient, gets through twice the 
work the rest of them   

Thats because hes a wizard, said Scrimgeour, 
without a flicker of a smile. A highly trained Auror, 
who has been assigned to you for your protection. 

Now, wait a moment! declared the Prime Minister. 
You cant just put your people into my office, I decide 
who works for me   

I thought you were happy with Shacklebolt? said 
Scrimgeour coldly. 

I am  thats to say, I was   

Then theres no problem, is there? said Scrimgeour. 

I ... well, as long as Shacklebolts work continues to 
be ... er ... excellent, said the Prime Minister lamely, 
but Scrimgeour barely seemed to hear him. 

Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister, 
he continued. The one who has been entertaining the 
public by impersonating a duck. 

What about him? asked the Prime Minister. 

He has clearly reacted to a poorly performed 
Imperius Curse, said Scrimgeour. Its addled his 
brains, but he could still be dangerous. 

Hes only quacking! said the Prime Minister weakly. 
Surely a bit of a rest . . . Maybe go easy on the drink 



  20 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




A team of Healers from St. Mungos Hospital for 
Magical Maladies and Injuries are examining him as 
we speak. So far he has attempted to strangle three of 
them, said Scrimgeour. I think it best that we 
remove him from Muggle society for a while. 

I ... well ... Hell be all right, wont he? said the 
Prime Minister anxiously. 

Scrimgeour merely shrugged, already moving back 
toward the fireplace. 

Well, thats really all I had to say. I will keep you 
posted of developments, Prime Minister  or, at least, 
I shall probably be too busy to come personally, in 
which case I shall send Fudge here. He has consented 
to stay on in an advisory capacity. 

Fudge attempted to smile, but was unsuccessful; he 
merely looked as though he had a toothache. 
Scrimgeour was already rummaging in his pocket for 
the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. The 
Prime Minister gazed hopelessly at the pair of them 
for a moment, then the words he had fought to 
suppress all evening burst from him at last. 

But for heavens sake  youre wizards'. You can do 
magic ! Surely you can sort out  well  anything ! 

Scrimgeour turned slowly on the spot and exchanged 
an incredulous look with Fudge, who really did 
manage a smile this time as he said kindly, The 
trouble is, the other side can do magic too, Prime 
Minister. 

And with that, the two wizards stepped one after the 
other into the bright green fire and vanished. 



  21 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






SPINNERS END 

Many miles away the chilly mist that had pressed 
against the Prime Ministers windows drifted over a 
dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbish 
strewn banks. An immense chimney, relic of a 
disused mill, reared up, shadowy and ominous. There 
was no sound apart from the whisper of the black 
water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that 
had slunk down the bank to nose hopefully at some 
old fishandchip wrappings in the tall grass. 

But then, with a very faint pop, a slim, hooded figure 
appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. The 
fox froze, wary eyes fixed upon this strange new 
phenomenon. The figure seemed to take its bearings 
for a few moments, then set off with light, quick 
strides, its long cloak rustling over the grass. 

With a second and louder pop, another hooded figure 
materialized. 

Wait! 



  22 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



The harsh cry startled the fox, now crouching almost 
flat in the undergrowth. It leapt from its hiding place 
and up the bank. There was a flash of green light, a 
yelp, and the fox fell back to the ground, dead. 

The second figure turned over the animal with its toe. 

Just a fox, said a womans voice dismissively from 
under the hood. I thought perhaps an Auror  

Cissy, wait! 

But her quarry, who had paused and looked back at 
the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank 
the fox had just fallen down. 

Cissy  Narcissa  listen to me   

The second woman caught the first and seized her 
arm, but the other wrenched it away. 

Go back, Bella! 

You must listen to me! 

Ive listened already. Ive made my decision. Leave me 
alone! 

The woman named Narcissa gained the top of the 
bank, where a line of old railings separated the river 
from a narrow, cobbled street. The other woman, 

Bella, followed at once. Side by side they stood 
looking across the road at the rows and rows of 
dilapidated brick houses, their windows dull and 
blind in the darkness. 

He lives here? asked Bella in a voice of contempt. 
Here? In this Muggle dunghill? We must be the first 
of our kind ever to set foot   



  23 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But Narcissa was not listening; she had slipped 
through a gap in the rusty railings and was already 
hurrying across the road. 

Cissy, wait\ 

Bella followed, her cloak streaming behind, and saw 
Narcissa darting through an alley between the houses 
into a second, almost identical street. Some of the 
streetlamps were broken; the two women were 
running between patches of light and deep darkness. 
The pursuer caught up with her prey just as she 
turned another corner, this time succeeding in 
catching hold of her arm and swinging her around so 
that they faced each other. 

Cissy, you must not do this, you cant trust him   

The Dark Lord trusts him, doesnt he? 

The Dark Lord is ... I believe ... mistaken, Bella 
panted, and her eyes gleamed momentarily under her 
hood as she looked around to check that they were 
indeed alone. In any case, we were told not to speak 
of the plan to anyone. This is a betrayal of the Dark 
Lords   

Let go, Bella! snarled Narcissa, and she drew a 
wand from beneath her cloak, holding it threateningly 
in the others face. Bella merely laughed. 

Cissy, your own sister? You wouldnt   

There is nothing I wouldnt do anymore! Narcissa 
breathed, a note of hysteria in her voice, and as she 
brought down the wand like a knife, there was 
another flash of light. Bella let go of her sisters arm 
as though burned. 



  24 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Narcisscd 



But Narcissa had rushed ahead. Rubbing her hand, 
her pursuer followed again, keeping her distance now, 
as they moved deeper into the deserted labyrinth of 
brick houses. At last, Narcissa hurried up a street 
named Spinners End, over which the towering mill 
chimney seemed to hover like a giant admonitory 
finger. Her footsteps echoed on the cobbles as she 
passed boarded and broken windows, until she 
reached the very last house, where a dim light 
glimmered through the curtains in a downstairs 
room. 

She had knocked on the door before Bella, cursing 
under her breath, had caught up. Together they stood 
waiting, panting slightly, breathing in the smell of the 
dirty river that was carried to them on the night 
breeze. After a few seconds, they heard movement 
behind the door and it opened a crack. A sliver of a 
man could be seen looking out at them, a man with 
long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow 
face and black eyes. 

Narcissa threw back her hood. She was so pale that 
she seemed to shine in the darkness; the long blonde 
hair streaming down her back gave her the look of a 
drowned person. 

Narcissa! said the man, opening the door a little 
wider, so that the light fell upon her and her sister 
too. What a pleasant surprise! 

Severus, she said in a strained whisper. May I 
speak to you? Its urgent. 

But of course. 



  25 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He stood back to allow her to pass him into the 
house. Her stillhooded sister followed without 
invitation. 

Snape, she said curtly as she passed him. 

Bellatrix, he replied, his thin mouth curling into a 
slightly mocking smile as he closed the door with a 
snap behind them. 

They had stepped directly into a tiny sitting room, 
which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. The walls 
were completely covered in books, most of them 
bound in old black or brown leather; a threadbare 
sofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table stood 
grouped together in a pool of dim light cast by a 
candlefilled lamp hung from the ceiling. The place 
had an air of neglect, as though it was not usually 
inhabited. 

Snape gestured Narcissa to the sofa. She threw off 
her cloak, cast it aside, and sat down, staring at her 
white and trembling hands clasped in her lap. 

Bellatrix lowered her hood more slowly. Dark as her 
sister was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong 
jaw, she did not take her gaze from Snape as she 
moved to stand behind Narcissa. 

So, what can I do for you? Snape asked, settling 
himself in the armchair opposite the two sisters. 

We ... we are alone, arent we? Narcissa asked 
quietly. 

Yes, of course. Well, Wormtails here, but were not 
counting vermin, are we? 

He pointed his wand at the wall of books behind him 
and with a bang, a hidden door flew open, revealing a 

  26 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




narrow staircase upon which a small man stood 
frozen. 

As you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have 
guests, said Snape lazily. 

The man crept, hunchbacked, down the last few steps 
and moved into the room. He had small, watery eyes, 
a pointed nose, and wore an unpleasant simper. His 
left hand was caressing his right, which looked as 
though it was encased in a bright silver glove. 

Narcissa! he said, in a squeaky voice. And Bellatrix! 
How charming   

Wormtail will get us drinks, if youd like them, said 
Snape. And then he will return to his bedroom. 

Wormtail winced as though Snape had thrown 
something at him. 

I am not your servant! he squeaked, avoiding 
Snape s eye. 

Really? I was under the impression that the Dark 
Lord placed you here to assist me. 

To assist, yes  but not to make you drinks and  
and clean your house! 

I had no idea, Wormtail, that you were craving more 
dangerous assignments, said Snape silkily. This can 
be easily arranged: I shall speak to the Dark Lord   

I can speak to him myself if I want to! 

Of course you can, said Snape, sneering. But in the 
meantime, bring us drinks. Some of the elfmade wine 
will do. 

  27 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Wormtail hesitated for a moment, looking as though 
he might argue, but then turned and headed through 
a second hidden door. They heard banging and a 
clinking of glasses. Within seconds he was back, 
bearing a dusty bottle and three glasses upon a tray. 
He dropped these on the rickety table and scurried 
from their presence, slamming the bookcovered door 
behind him. 

Snape poured out three glasses of bloodred wine and 
handed two of them to the sisters. Narcissa 
murmured a word of thanks, whilst Bellatrix said 
nothing, but continued to glower at Snape. This did 
not seem to discompose him; on the contrary, he 
looked rather amused. 

The Dark Lord, he said, raising his glass and 
draining it. 

The sisters copied him. Snape refilled their glasses. 

As Narcissa took her second drink she said in a rush, 
Severus, Im sorry to come here like this, but I had to 
see you. I think you are the only one who can help me 



Snape held up a hand to stop her, then pointed his 
wand again at the concealed staircase door. There 
was a loud bang and a squeal, followed by the sound 
of Wormtail scurrying back up the stairs. 

My apologies, said Snape. He has lately taken to 
listening at doors, I dont know what he means by it. 

... You were saying, Narcissa? 

She took a great, shuddering breath and started 
again. 

Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been 
told to say nothing to anyone, but   

  28 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Then you ought to hold your tongue! snarled 
Bellatrix. Particularly in present company! 

 Present company? repeated Snape sardonically. 
And what am I to understand by that, Bellatrix? 

That I dont trust you, Snape, as you very well 
know! 

Narcissa let out a noise that might have been a dry 
sob and covered her face with her hands. Snape set 
his glass down upon the table and sat back again, his 
hands upon the arms of his chair, smiling into 
Bellatrixs glowering face. 

Narcissa, I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix is 
bursting to say; it will save tedious interruptions. 

Well, continue, Bellatrix, said Snape. Why is it that 
you do not trust me? 

A hundred reasons! she said loudly, striding out 
from behind the sofa to slam her glass upon the table. 
Where to start! Where were you when the Dark Lord 
fell? Why did you never make any attempt to find him 
when he vanished? What have you been doing all 
these years that youve lived in Dumbledores pocket? 
Why did you stop the Dark Lord procuring the 
Sorcerers Stone? Why did you not return at once 
when the Dark Lord was reborn? Where were you a 
few weeks ago when we battled to retrieve the 
prophecy for the Dark Lord? And why, Snape, is 
Harry Potter still alive, when you have had him at 
your mercy for five years? 

She paused, her chest rising and falling rapidly, the 
color high in her cheeks. Behind her, Narcissa sat 
motionless, her face still hidden in her hands. 

Snape smiled. 

  29 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Before I answer you  oh yes, Bellatrix, I am going 
to answer! You can carry my words back to the others 
who whisper behind my back, and carry false tales of 
my treachery to the Dark Lord! Before I answer you, I 
say, let me ask a question in turn. Do you really think 
that the Dark Lord has not asked me each and every 
one of those questions? And do you really think that, 
had I not been able to give satisfactory answers, I 
would be sitting here talking to you? 

She hesitated. 

I know he believes you, but ... 

You think he is mistaken? Or that I have somehow 
hoodwinked him? Fooled the Dark Lord, the greatest 
wizard, the most accomplished Legilimens the world 
has ever seen? 

Bellatrix said nothing, but looked, for the first time, a 
little discomfited. Snape did not press the point. He 
picked up his drink again, sipped it, and continued, 
You ask where I was when the Dark Lord fell. I was 
where he had ordered me to be, at Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry, because he wished me to 
spy upon Albus Dumbledore. You know, I presume, 
that it was on the Dark Lords orders that I took up 
the post? 

She nodded almost imperceptibly and then opened 
her mouth, but Snape forestalled her. 

You ask why I did not attempt to find him when he 
vanished. For the same reason that Avery, Yaxley, the 
Carrows, Greyback, Lucius  he inclined his head 
slightly to Narcissa  and many others did not 
attempt to find him. I believed him finished. I am not 
proud of it, I was wrong, but there it is. ... If he had 



  30 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




not forgiven we who lost faith at that time, he would 
have very few followers left. 

Hed have me! said Bellatrix passionately. I, who 
spent many years in Azkaban for him! 

Yes, indeed, most admirable, said Snape in a bored 
voice. Of course, you werent a lot of use to him in 
prison, but the gesture was undoubtedly fine   

Gesture! she shrieked; in her fury she looked 
slightly mad. While I endured the dementors, you 
remained at Hogwarts, comfortably playing 
Dumbledores pet! 

Not quite, said Snape calmly. He wouldnt give me 
the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, you know. 
Seemed to think it might, ah, bring about a relapse . . . 
tempt me into my old ways. 

This was your sacrifice for the Dark Lord, not to 
teach your favorite subject? she jeered. Why did you 
stay there all that time, Snape? Still spying on 
Dumbledore for a master you believed dead? 

Hardly, said Snape, although the Dark Lord is 
pleased that I never deserted my post: I had sixteen 
years of information on Dumbledore to give him when 
he returned, a rather more useful welcomeback 
present than endless reminiscences of how 
unpleasant Azkaban is. ... 

But you stayed   

Yes, Bellatrix, I stayed, said Snape, betraying a hint 
of impatience for the first time. I had a comfortable 
job that I preferred to a stint in Azkaban. They were 
rounding up the Death Eaters, you know. 
Dumbledores protection kept me out of jail; it was 
  31 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




most convenient and I used it. I repeat: The Dark 
Lord does not complain that I stayed, so I do not see 
why you do. 

I think you next wanted to know, he pressed on, a 
little more loudly, for Bellatrix showed every sign of 
interrupting, why I stood between the Dark Lord and 
the Sorcerers Stone. That is easily answered. He did 
not know whether he could trust me. He thought, like 
you, that I had turned from faithful Death Eater to 
Dumbledores stooge. He was in a pitiable condition, 
very weak, sharing the body of a mediocre wizard. He 
did not dare reveal himself to a former ally if that ally 
might turn him over to Dumbledore or the Ministry. I 
deeply regret that he did not trust me. He would have 
returned to power three years sooner. As it was, I saw 
only greedy and unworthy Quirrell attempting to steal 
the stone and, I admit, I did all I could to thwart him. 

Bellatrixs mouth twisted as though she had taken an 
unpleasant dose of medicine. 

But you didnt return when he came back, you didnt 
fly back to him at once when you felt the Dark Mark 
burn   

Correct. I returned two hours later. I returned on 
Dumbledores orders. 

On Dumbledores  ? she began, in tones of 
outrage. 

Think! said Snape, impatient again. Think! By 
waiting two hours, just two hours, I ensured that I 
could remain at Hogwarts as a spy! By allowing 
Dumbledore to think that I was only returning to the 
Dark Lords side because I was ordered to, I have 
been able to pass information on Dumbledore and the 
Order of the Phoenix ever since! Consider, Bellatrix: 
  32 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The Dark Mark had been growing stronger for 
months. I knew he must be about to return, all the 
Death Eaters knew! I had plenty of time to think 
about what I wanted to do, to plan my next move, to 
escape like Karkaroff, didnt I? 

The Dark Lords initial displeasure at my lateness 
vanished entirely, I assure you, when I explained that 
I remained faithful, although Dumbledore thought I 
was his man. Yes, the Dark Lord thought that I had 
left him forever, but he was wrong. 

But what use have you been? sneered Bellatrix. 
What useful information have we had from you? 

My information has been conveyed directly to the 
Dark Lord, said Snape. If he chooses not to share it 
with you   

He shares everything with me! said Bellatrix, firing 
up at once. He calls me his most loyal, his most 
faithful   

Does he? said Snape, his voice delicately inflected to 
suggest his disbelief. Does he still, after the fiasco at 
the Ministry? 

That was not my fault! said Bellatrix, flushing. The 
Dark Lord has, in the past, entrusted me with his 
most precious  if Lucius hadnt   

Dont you dare  dont you dare blame my 
husband! said Narcissa, in a low and deadly voice, 
looking up at her sister. 

There is no point apportioning blame, said Snape 
smoothly. What is done, is done. 



  33 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But not by you! said Bellatrix furiously. No, you 
were once again absent while the rest of us ran 
dangers, were you not, Snape? 

My orders were to remain behind, said Snape. 
Perhaps you disagree with the Dark Lord, perhaps 
you think that Dumbledore would not have noticed if 
I had joined forces with the Death Eaters to fight the 
Order of the Phoenix? And  forgive me  you speak 
of dangers ... you were facing six teenagers, were you 
not? 

They were joined, as you very well know, by half of 
the Order before long! snarled Bellatrix. And, while 
we are on the subject of the Order, you still claim you 
cannot reveal the whereabouts of their headquarters, 
dont you? 

I am not the SecretKeeper; I cannot speak the name 
of the place. You understand how the enchantment 
works, I think? The Dark Lord is satisfied with the 
information I have passed him on the Order. It led, as 
perhaps you have guessed, to the recent capture and 
murder of Emmeline Vance, and it certainly helped 
dispose of Sirius Black, though I give you full credit 
for finishing him off. 

He inclined his head and toasted her. Her expression 
did not soften. 

You are avoiding my last question, Snape. Harry 
Potter. You could have killed him at any point in the 
past five years. You have not done it. Why? 

Have you discussed this matter with the Dark Lord? 
asked Snape. 

He ... lately, we ... I am asking you, Snape! 



  34 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




If I had murdered Harry Potter, the Dark Lord could 
not have used his blood to regenerate, making him 
invincible   

You claim you foresaw his use of the boy! she 
jeered. 

I do not claim it; I had no idea of his plans; I have 
already confessed that I thought the Dark Lord dead. 

I am merely trying to explain why the Dark Lord is 
not sorry that Potter survived, at least until a year 
ago. ... 

But why did you keep him alive? 

Have you not understood me? It was only 
Dumbledores protection that was keeping me out of 
Azkaban! Do you disagree that murdering his favorite 
student might have turned him against me? But there 
was more to it than that. I should remind you that 
when Potter first arrived at Hogwarts there were still 
many stories circulating about him, rumors that he 
himself was a great Dark wizard, which was how he 
had survived the Dark Lords attack. Indeed, many of 
the Dark Lords old followers thought Potter might be 
a standard around which we could all rally once 
more. I was curious, I admit it, and not at all inclined 
to murder him the moment he set foot in the castle. 

Of course, it became apparent to me very quickly 
that he had no extraordinary talent at all. He has 
fought his way out of a number of tight corners by a 
simple combination of sheer luck and more talented 
friends. He is mediocre to the last degree, though as 
obnoxious and selfsatisfied as was his father before 
him. I have done my utmost to have him thrown out 
of Hogwarts, where I believe he scarcely belongs, but 
kill him, or allow him to be killed in front of me? I 



  35 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




would have been a fool to risk it with Dumbledore 
close at hand. 

And through all this we are supposed to believe 
Dumbledore has never suspected you? asked 
Bellatrix. He has no idea of your true allegiance, he 
trusts you implicitly still? 

I have played my part well, said Snape. And you 
overlook Dumbledores greatest weakness: He has to 
believe the best of people. I spun him a tale of deepest 
remorse when I joined his staff, fresh from my Death 
Eater days, and he embraced me with open arms  
though, as I say, never allowing me nearer the Dark 
Arts than he could help. Dumbledore has been a 
great wizard  oh yes, he has, (for Bellatrix had 
made a scathing noise), the Dark Lord acknowledges 
it. I am pleased to say, however, that Dumbledore is 
growing old. The duel with the Dark Lord last month 
shook him. He has since sustained a serious injury 
because his reactions are slower than they once were. 
But through all these years, he has never stopped 
trusting Severus Snape, and therein lies my great 
value to the Dark Lord. 

Bellatrix still looked unhappy, though she appeared 
unsure how best to attack Snape next. Taking 
advantage of her silence, Snape turned to her sister. 

Now ... you came to ask me for help, Narcissa? 

Narcissa looked up at him, her face eloquent with 
despair. 

Yes, Severus. I  I think you are the only one who 
can help me, I have nowhere else to turn. Lucius is in 
jail and ... 



  36 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She closed her eyes and two large tears seeped from 
beneath her eyelids. 

The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it, 
Narcissa continued, her eyes still closed. He wishes 
none to know of the plan. It is ... very secret. But   

If he has forbidden it, you ought not to speak, said 
Snape at once. The Dark Lords word is law. 

Narcissa gasped as though he had doused her with 
cold water. Bellatrix looked satisfied for the first time 
since she had entered the house. 

There! she said triumphantly to her sister. Even 
Snape says so: You were told not to talk, so hold your 
silence! 

But Snape had gotten to his feet and strode to the 
small window, peered through the curtains at the 
deserted street, then closed them again with a jerk. 

He turned around to face Narcissa, frowning. 

It so happens that I know of the plan, he said in a 
low voice. I am one of the few the Dark Lord has told. 
Nevertheless, had I not been in on the secret, 

Narcissa, you would have been guilty of great 
treachery to the Dark Lord. 

I thought you must know about it! said Narcissa, 
breathing more freely. He trusts you so, Severus. ... 

You know about the plan? said Bellatrix, her fleeting 
expression of satisfaction replaced by a look of 
outrage.  You know? 

Certainly, said Snape. But what help do you 
require, Narcissa? If you are imagining I can persuade 



  37 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the Dark Lord to change his mind, I am afraid there is 
no hope, none at all. 

Severus, she whispered, tears sliding down her pale 
cheeks. My son ... my only son ... 

Draco should be proud, said Bellatrix indifferently. 
The Dark Lord is granting him a great honor. And I 
will say this for Draco: He isnt shrinking away from 
his duty, he seems glad of a chance to prove himself, 
excited at the prospect   

Narcissa began to cry in earnest, gazing beseechingly 
all the while at Snape. 

Thats because he is sixteen and has no idea what 
lies in store! Why, Severus? Why my son? It is too 
dangerous! This is vengeance for Luciuss mistake, I 
know it! 

Snape said nothing. He looked away from the sight of 
her tears as though they were indecent, but he could 
not pretend not to hear her. 

Thats why hes chosen Draco, isnt it? she 
persisted. To punish Lucius? 

If Draco succeeds, said Snape, still looking away 
from her, he will be honored above all others. 

But he wont succeed! sobbed Narcissa. How can 
he, when the Dark Lord himself  ? 

Bellatrix gasped; Narcissa seemed to lose her nerve. 

I only meant ... that nobody has yet succeeded. ... 
Severus ... please ... You are, you have always been, 
Dracos favorite teacher. ... You are Luciuss old 
friend. ... I beg you. ... You are the Dark Lords 

  38 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




favorite, his most trusted advisor. ... Will you speak to 
him, persuade him  ? 

The Dark Lord will not be persuaded, and I am not 
stupid enough to attempt it, said Snape flatly. I 
cannot pretend that the Dark Lord is not angry with 
Lucius. Lucius was supposed to be in charge. He got 
himself captured, along with how many others, and 
failed to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain. Yes, 
the Dark Lord is angry, Narcissa, very angry indeed. 

Then I am right, he has chosen Draco in revenge! 
choked Narcissa. He does not mean him to succeed, 
he wants him to be killed trying! 

When Snape said nothing, Narcissa seemed to lose 
what little selfrestraint she still possessed. Standing 
up, she staggered to Snape and seized the front of his 
robes. Her face close to his, her tears falling onto his 
chest, she gasped, You could do it. You could do it 
instead of Draco, Severus. You would succeed, of 
course you would, and he would reward you beyond 
all of us   

Snape caught hold of her wrists and removed her 
clutching hands. Looking down into her tears tained 
face, he said slowly, He intends me to do it in the 
end, I think. But he is determined that Draco should 
try first. You see, in the unlikely event that Draco 
succeeds, I shall be able to remain at Hogwarts a little 
longer, fulfilling my useful role as spy. 

In other words, it doesnt matter to him if Draco is 
killed! 

The Dark Lord is very angry, repeated Snape 
quietly. He failed to hear the prophecy. You know as 
well as I do, Narcissa, that he does not forgive easily. 



  39 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She crumpled, falling at his feet, sobbing and 
moaning on the floor. 



My only son ... my only son ... 

You should be proud! said Bellatrix ruthlessly. If I 
had sons, I would be glad to give them up to the 
service of the Dark Lord! 

Narcissa gave a little scream of despair and clutched 
at her long blonde hair. Snape stooped, seized her by 
the arms, lifted her up, and steered her back onto the 
sofa. He then poured her more wine and forced the 
glass into her hand. 

Narcissa, thats enough. Drink this. Listen to me. 

She quieted a little; slopping wine down herself, she 
took a shaky sip. 

It might be possible ... for me to help Draco. 

She sat up, her face paperwhite, her eyes huge. 

Severus  oh, Severus  you would help him? 

Would you look after him, see he comes to no harm? 

I can try. 

She flung away her glass; it skidded across the table 
as she slid off the sofa into a kneeling position at 
Snape s feet, seized his hand in both of hers, and 
pressed her lips to it. 

If you are there to protect him ... Severus, will you 
swear it? Will you make the Unbreakable Vow? 

The Unbreakable Vow? 

  40 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Snapes expression was blank, unreadable. Bellatrix, 
however, let out a cackle of triumphant laughter. 

Arent you listening, Narcissa? Oh, hell try, Im sure. 
... The usual empty words, the usual slithering out of 
action ... oh, on the Dark Lords orders, of course! 

Snape did not look at Bellatrix. His black eyes were 
fixed upon Narcissas tearfilled blue ones as she 
continued to clutch his hand. 

Certainly, Narcissa, I shall make the Unbreakable 
Vow, he said quietly. Perhaps your sister will 
consent to be our Bonder. 

Bellatrixs mouth fell open. Snape lowered himself so 
that he was kneeling opposite Narcissa. Beneath 
Bellatrixs astonished gaze, they grasped right hands. 

You will need your wand, Bellatrix, said Snape 
coldly. 

She drew it, still looking astonished. 

And you will need to move a little closer, he said. 

She stepped forward so that she stood over them, and 
placed the tip of her wand on their linked hands. 

Narcissa spoke. 

Will you, Severus, watch over my son, Draco, as he 
attempts to fulfill the Dark Lords wishes? 

I will, said Snape. 

A thin tongue of brilliant flame issued from the wand 
and wound its way around their hands like a redhot 
wire. 

  41 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




And will you, to the best of your ability, protect him 
from harm? 

I will, said Snape. 

A second tongue of flame shot from the wand and 
interlinked with the first, making a fine, glowing 
chain. 

And, should it prove necessary ... if it seems Draco 
will fail ... whispered Narcissa (Snapes hand 
twitched within hers, but he did not draw away), will 
you carry out the deed that the Dark Lord has 
ordered Draco to perform? 

There was a moments silence. Bellatrix watched, her 
wand upon their clasped hands, her eyes wide. 

I will, said Snape. 

Bellatrixs astounded face glowed red in the blaze of a 
third tongue of flame, which shot from the wand, 
twisted with the others, and bound itself thickly 
around their clasped hands, like a rope, like a fiery 
snake. 



  42 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




3 




WILL AND WONT 

Harry Potter was snoring loudly. He had been sitting 
in a chair beside his bedroom window for the best 
part of four hours, staring out at the darkening street, 
and had finally fallen asleep with one side of his face 
pressed against the cold windowpane, his glasses 
askew and his mouth wide open. The misty fug his 
breath had left on the window sparkled in the orange 
glare of the streetlamp outside, and the artificial light 
drained his face of all color, so that he looked ghostly 
beneath his shock of untidy black hair. 

The room was strewn with various possessions and a 
good smattering of rubbish. Owl feathers, apple cores, 
and sweet wrappers littered the floor, a number of 
spellbooks lay higgledypiggledy among the tangled 
robes on his bed, and a mess of newspapers sat in a 
puddle of light on his desk. The headline of one 
blared: 

HARRY POTTER: THE CHOSEN ONE? 



  43 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Rumors continue to fly about the mysterious recent 
disturbance at the Ministry of Magic, during which 
HeWhoMustNotBeNamed was sighted once more. 

Were not allowed to talk about it, dont ask me 
anything, said one agitated Obliviator, who refused 
to give his name as he left the Ministry last night. 

Nevertheless, highly placed sources within the 
Ministry have confirmed that the disturbance 
centered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy. 

Though Ministry spokeswizards have hitherto refused 
even to confirm the existence of such a place, a 
growing number of the Wizarding community believe 
that the Death Eaters now serving sentences in 
Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft were 
attempting to steal a prophecy. The nature of that 
prophecy is unknown, although speculation is rife 
that it concerns Harry Potter, the only person ever 
known to have survived the Killing Curse, and who is 
also known to have been at the Ministry on the night 
in question. Some are going so far as to call Potter 
the Chosen One, believing that the prophecy names 
him as the only one who will be able to rid us of He 
WhoMustNotBeNamed. 

The current whereabouts of the prophecy, if it exists, 
are unknown, although (ctd.  2, column 5) 

A second newspaper lay beside the first. This one bore 
the headline: 

SCRIMGEOUR SUCCEEDS FUDGE 

Most of this front  was taken up with a large 
blackandwhite picture of a man with a lionlike mane 
of thick hair and a rather ravaged face. The picture 
was moving  the man was waving at the ceiling. 

  44 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Rufus Scrimgeour, previously Head of the Auror office 
in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, has 
succeeded Cornelius Fudge as Minister of Magic. The 
appointment has largely been greeted with 
enthusiasm by the Wizarding community, though 
rumors of a rift between the new Minister and Albus 
Dumbledore, newly reinstated Chief Warlock of the 
Wizengamot, surfaced within hours of Scrimgeour 
taking office. 

Scrimgeours representatives admitted that he had met 
with Dumbledore at once upon taking possession of the 
top job, but refused to comment on the topics under 
discussion. Albus Dumbledore is known to (ctd.  
3, column 2) 

To the left of this paper sat another, which had been 
folded so that a story bearing the title MINISTRY 
GUARANTEES STUDENTS SAFETY was visible. 

Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus 
Scrimgeour, spoke today of the tough new measures 
taken by his Ministry to ensure the safety of students 
returning to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry this autumn. 

For obvious reasons, the Ministry will not be going 
into detail about its stringent new security plans, 
said the Minister, although an insider confirmed that 
measures include defensive spells and charms, a 
complex array of countercurses, and a small task 
force of Aurors dedicated solely to the protection of 
Hogwarts School. 

Most seem reassured by the new Ministers tough 
stand on student safety. Said Mrs. Augusta 
Longbottom, My grandson, Neville  a good friend of 
Harry Potters, incidentally, who fought the Death 
Eaters alongside him at the Ministry in June and  
  45 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But the rest of this story was obscured by the large 
birdcage standing on top of it. Inside it was a 
magnificent snowy owl. Her amber eyes surveyed the 
room imperiously, her head swiveling occasionally to 
gaze at her snoring master. Once or twice she clicked 
her beak impatiently, but Harry was too deeply asleep 
to hear her. 

A large trunk stood in the very middle of the room. Its 
lid was open; it looked expectant; yet it was almost 
empty but for a residue of old underwear, sweets, 
empty ink bottles, and broken quills that coated the 
very bottom. Nearby, on the floor, lay a purple leaflet 
emblazoned with the words: 

 ISSUED ON BEHALF OF  

THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC 

PROTECTING YOUR HOME AND FAMILY 

AGAINST DARK FORCES 

The Wizarding community is currently under threat 
from an organization calling itself the Death Eaters. 
Observing the following simple security guidelines will 
help protect you, your family, and your home from 
attack. 

1. You are advised not to leave the house alone. 

2. Particular care should be taken during the 
hours of darkness. Wherever possible, arrange to 
complete journeys before night has fallen. 

3. Review the security arrangements around your 
house, making sure that all family members are 
aware of emergency measures such as Shield and 



  46 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Disillusionment Charms, and, in the case of underage 
family members, SideAlongApparition. 

4. Agree on security questions with close friends 
and family so as to detect Death Eaters masquerading 
as others by use of the Polyjuice Potion (see  2). 

5. Should you feel that a family member, 
colleague, friend, or neighbor is acting in a strange 
manner, contact the Magical Law Enforcement Squad 
at once. They may have been put under the Imperius 
Curse (see  4). 

6. Should the Dark Mark appear over any dwelling 
place or other building, DO NOT ENTER, but contact 
the Auror office immediately. 

7. Unconfirmed sightings suggest that the Death 
Eaters may now be using Inferi (see  10). Any 
sighting of an Inferius, or encounter with same, 
should be reported to the Ministry IMMEDIATELY. 

Harry grunted in his sleep and his face slid down the 
window an inch or so, making his glasses still more 
lopsided, but he did not wake up. An alarm clock, 
repaired by Harry several years ago, ticked loudly on 
the sill, showing one minute to eleven. Beside it, held 
in place by Harrys relaxed hand, was a piece of 
parchment covered in thin, slanting writing. Harry 
had read this letter so often since its arrival three 
days ago that although it had been delivered in a 
tightly furled scroll, it now lay quite flat. 

Dear Harry, 

If it is convenient to you, I shall call at number four, 
Privet Drive this coming Friday at eleven p.m. to escort 
you to the Burrow, where you have been invited to 
spend the remainder of your school holidays. 

  47 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




If you are agreeable, I should also be glad of your 
assistance in a matter to which I hope to attend on the 
way to the Burrow. I shall explain this more fully when 
I see you. 

Kindly send your answer by return of this owl. Hoping 
to see you this Friday, 

I am, yours most sincerely, 

Albus Dumbledore 

Though he already knew it by heart, Harry had been 
stealing glances at this missive every few minutes 
since seven oclock that evening, when he had first 
taken up his position beside his bedroom window, 
which had a reasonable view of both ends of Privet 
Drive. He knew it was pointless to keep rereading 
Dumbledore s words; Harry had sent back his yes 
with the delivering owl, as requested, and all he could 
do now was wait: Either Dumbledore was going to 
come, or he was not. 

But Harry had not packed. It just seemed too good to 
be true that he was going to be rescued from the 
Dursleys after a mere fortnight of their company. He 
could not shrug off the feeling that something was 
going to go wrong  his reply to Dumbledore s letter 
might have gone astray; Dumbledore could be 
prevented from collecting him; the letter might turn 
out not to be from Dumbledore at all, but a trick or 
joke or trap. Harry had not been able to face packing 
and then being let down and having to unpack again. 
The only gesture he had made to the possibility of a 
journey was to shut his snowy owl, Hedwig, safely in 
her cage. 



  48 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the 
number twelve and, at that precise moment, the 
streetlamp outside the window went out. 

Harry awoke as though the sudden darkness were an 
alarm. Hastily straightening his glasses and 
unsticking his cheek from the glass, he pressed his 
nose against the window instead and squinted down 
at the pavement. A tall figure in a long, billowing 
cloak was walking up the garden path. 

Harry jumped up as though he had received an 
electric shock, knocked over his chair, and started 
snatching anything and everything within reach from 
the floor and throwing it into the trunk. Even as he 
lobbed a set of robes, two spellbooks, and a packet of 
crisps across the room, the doorbell rang. Downstairs 
in the living room his Uncle Vernon shouted, Who 
the blazes is calling at this time of night? 

Harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a 
pair of trainers in the other. He had completely 
forgotten to warn the Dursleys that Dumbledore 
might be coming. Feeling both panicky and close to 
laughter, he clambered over the trunk and wrenched 
open his bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice 
say, Good evening. You must be Mr. Dursley. I 
daresay Harry has told you I would be coming for 
him? 

Harry ran down the stairs two at a time, coming to an 
abrupt halt several steps from the bottom, as long 
experience had taught him to remain out of arms 
reach of his uncle whenever possible. There in the 
doorway stood a tall, thin man with waistlength 
silver hair and beard. Halfmoon spectacles were 
perched on his crooked nose, and he was wearing a 
long black traveling cloak and a pointed hat. Vernon 
Dursley, whose mustache was quite as bushy as 
  49 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore s, though black, and who was wearing a 
puce dressing gown, was staring at the visitor as 
though he could not believe his tiny eyes. 

Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry did 
not warn you that I was coming, said Dumbledore 
pleasantly. However, let us assume that you have 
invited me warmly into your house. It is unwise to 
linger overlong on doorsteps in these troubled times. 

He stepped smartly over the threshold and closed the 
front door behind him. 

It is a long time since my last visit, said 
Dumbledore, peering down his crooked nose at Uncle 
Vernon. I must say, your agapanthus are 
flourishing. 

Vernon Dursley said nothing at all. Harry did not 
doubt that speech would return to him, and soon  
the vein pulsing in his uncles temple was reaching 
danger point  but something about Dumbledore 
seemed to have robbed him temporarily of breath. It 
might have been the blatant wizardishness of his 
appearance, but it might, too, have been that even 
Uncle Vernon could sense that here was a man whom 
it would be very difficult to bully. 

Ah, good evening Harry, said Dumbledore, looking 
up at him through his halfmoon glasses with a most 
satisfied expression. Excellent, excellent. 

These words seemed to rouse Uncle Vernon. It was 
clear that as far as he was concerned, any man who 
could look at Harry and say excellent was a man 
with whom he could never see eye to eye. 

I dont mean to be rude   he began, in a tone that 
threatened rudeness in every syllable. 

  50 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




  yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly 
often, Dumbledore finished the sentence gravely. 
Best to say nothing at all, my dear man. Ah, and this 
must be Petunia. 

The kitchen door had opened, and there stood Harrys 
aunt, wearing rubber gloves and a housecoat over her 
nightdress, clearly halfway through her usual pre 
bedtime wipedown of all the kitchen surfaces. Her 
rather horsey face registered nothing but shock. 

Albus Dumbledore, said Dumbledore, when Uncle 
Vernon failed to effect an introduction. We have 
corresponded, of course. Harry thought this an odd 
way of reminding Aunt Petunia that he had once sent 
her an exploding letter, but Aunt Petunia did not 
challenge the term. And this must be your son, 
Dudley? 

Dudley had that moment peered round the living 
room door. His large, blond head rising out of the 
stripy collar of his pajamas looked oddly disembodied, 
his mouth gaping in astonishment and fear. 
Dumbledore waited a moment or two, apparently to 
see whether any of the Dursleys were going to say 
anything, but as the silence stretched on he smiled. 

Shall we assume that you have invited me into your 
sitting room? 

Dudley scrambled out of the way as Dumbledore 
passed him. Harry, still clutching the telescope and 
trainers, jumped the last few stairs and followed 
Dumbledore, who had settled himself in the armchair 
nearest the fire and was taking in the surroundings 
with an expression of benign interest. He looked quite 
extraordinarily out of place. 



  51 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Arent  arent we leaving, sir? Harry asked 
anxiously. 

Yes, indeed we are, but there are a few matters we 
need to discuss first, said Dumbledore. And I would 
prefer not to do so in the open. We shall trespass 
upon your aunt and uncles hospitality only a little 
longer. 

You will, will you? 

Vernon Dursley had entered the room, Petunia at his 
shoulder, and Dudley skulking behind them both. 

Yes, said Dumbledore simply, I shall. 

He drew his wand so rapidly that Harry barely saw it; 
with a casual flick, the sofa zoomed forward and 
knocked the knees out from under all three of the 
Dursley s so that they collapsed upon it in a heap. 
Another flick of the wand and the sofa zoomed back 
to its original position. 

We may as well be comfortable, said Dumbledore 
pleasantly. 

As he replaced his wand in his pocket, Harry saw that 
his hand was blackened and shriveled; it looked as 
though his flesh had been burned away. 

Sir  what happened to your  ? 

Later, Harry, said Dumbledore. Please sit down. 

Harry took the remaining armchair, choosing not to 
look at the Dursleys, who seemed stunned into 
silence. 



  52 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I would assume that you were going to offer me 
refreshment, Dumbledore said to Uncle Vernon, but 
the evidence so far suggests that that would be 
optimistic to the point of foolishness. 

A third twitch of the wand, and a dusty bottle and five 
glasses appeared in midair. The bottle tipped and 
poured a generous measure of honeycolored liquid 
into each of the glasses, which then floated to each 
person in the room. 

Madam Rosmertas finest oakmatured mead, said 
Dumbledore, raising his glass to Harry, who caught 
hold of his own and sipped. He had never tasted 
anything like it before, but enjoyed it immensely. The 
Dursleys, after quick, scared looks at one another, 
tried to ignore their glasses completely, a difficult feat, 
as they were nudging them gently on the sides of their 
heads. Harry could not suppress a suspicion that 
Dumbledore was rather enjoying himself. 

Well, Harry, said Dumbledore, turning toward him, 
a difficulty has arisen which I hope you will be able 
to solve for us. By us, I mean the Order of the 
Phoenix. But first of all I must tell you that Siriuss 
will was discovered a week ago and that he left you 
everything he owned. 

Over on the sofa, Uncle Vernons head turned, but 
Harry did not look at him, nor could he think of 
anything to say except, Oh. Right. 

This is, in the main, fairly straightforward, 
Dumbledore went on. You add a reasonable amount 
of gold to your account at Gringotts, and you inherit 
all of Siriuss personal possessions. The slightly 
problematic part of the legacy   



  53 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




His godfathers dead? said Uncle Vernon loudly from 
the sofa. Dumbledore and Harry both turned to look 
at him. The glass of mead was now knocking quite 
insistently on the side of Vernons head; he attempted 
to beat it away. Hes dead? His godfather? 

Yes, said Dumbledore. He did not ask Harry why he 
had not confided in the Dursleys. Our problem, he 
continued to Harry, as if there had been no 
interruption, is that Sirius also left you number 
twelve, Grimmauld Place. 

Hes been left a house? said Uncle Vernon greedily, 
his small eyes narrowing, but nobody answered him. 

You can keep using it as headquarters, said Harry. 

I dont care. You can have it, I dont really want it. 
Harry never wanted to set foot in number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place again if he could help it. He thought 
he would be haunted forever by the memory of Sirius 
prowling its dark musty rooms alone, imprisoned 
within the place he had wanted so desperately to 
leave. 

That is generous, said Dumbledore. We have, 
however, vacated the building temporarily. 

Why? 

Well, said Dumbledore, ignoring the mutterings of 
Uncle Vernon, who was now being rapped smartly 
over the head by the persistent glass of mead, Black 
family tradition decreed that the house was handed 
down the direct line, to the next male with the name 
of Black.  Sirius was the very last of the line as his 
younger brother, Regulus, predeceased him and both 
were childless. While his will makes it perfectly plain 
that he wants you to have the house, it is 
nevertheless possible that some spell or enchantment 
  54 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




has been set upon the place to ensure that it cannot 
be owned by anyone other than a pureblood. 



A vivid image of the shrieking, spitting portrait of 
Siriuss mother that hung in the hall of number 
twelve, Grimmauld Place flashed into Harrys mind. I 
bet there has, he said. 

Quite, said Dumbledore. And if such an 
enchantment exists, then the ownership of the house 
is most likely to pass to the eldest of Siriuss living 
relatives, which would mean his cousin, Bellatrix 
Lestrange. 

Without realizing what he was doing, Harry sprang to 
his feet; the telescope and trainers in his lap rolled 
across the floor. Bellatrix Lestrange, Siriuss killer, 
inherit his house? 

No, he said. 

Well, obviously we would prefer that she didnt get it 
either, said Dumbledore calmly. The situation is 
fraught with complications. We do not know whether 
the enchantments we ourselves have placed upon it, 
for example, making it Unplottable, will hold now that 
ownership has passed from Siriuss hands. It might 
be that Bellatrix will arrive on the doorstep at any 
moment. Naturally we had to move out until such 
time as we have clarified the position. 

But how are you going to find out if Im allowed to 
own it? 

Fortunately, said Dumbledore, there is a simple 
test. 

He placed his empty glass on a small table beside his 
chair, but before he could do anything else, Uncle 

  55 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Vernon shouted,  Will you get these ruddy things off 
us? 

Harry looked around; all three of the Dursleys were 
cowering with their arms over their heads as their 
glasses bounced up and down on their skulls, their 
contents flying everywhere. 

Oh, Im so sorry, said Dumbledore politely, and he 
raised his wand again. All three glasses vanished. 

But it would have been better manners to drink it, 
you know. 

It looked as though Uncle Vernon was bursting with 
any number of unpleasant retorts, but he merely 
shrank back into the cushions with Aunt Petunia and 
Dudley and said nothing, keeping his small piggy eyes 
on Dumbledore s wand. 

You see, Dumbledore said, turning back to Harry 
and again speaking as though Uncle Vernon had not 
uttered, if you have indeed inherited the house, you 
have also inherited   

He flicked his wand for a fifth time. There was a loud 
crack, and a houseelf appeared, with a snout for a 
nose, giant bats ears, and enormous bloodshot eyes, 
crouching on the Dursleys shag carpet and covered 
in grimy rags. Aunt Petunia let out a hairraising 
shriek; nothing this filthy had entered her house in 
living memory. Dudley drew his large, bare, pink feet 
off the floor and sat with them raised almost above 
his head, as though he thought the creature might 
run up his pajama trousers, and Uncle Vernon 
bellowed, What the hell is that? 

Kreacher, finished Dumbledore. 



  56 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Kreacher wont, Kreacher wont, Kreacher wont! 
croaked the houseelf, quite as loudly as Uncle 
Vernon, stamping his long, gnarled feet and pulling 
his ears. Kreacher belongs to Miss Bellatrix, oh yes, 
Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his 
new mistress, Kreacher wont go to the Potter brat, 
Kreacher wont, wont, wont   

As you can see, Harry, said Dumbledore loudly, over 
Kreachers continued croaks of wont, wont, wont, 
Kreacher is showing a certain reluctance to pass into 
your ownership. 

I dont care, said Harry again, looking with disgust 
at the writhing, stamping houseelf. I dont want 
him. 

Wont, wont, wont, wont   

You would prefer him to pass into the ownership of 
Bellatrix Lestrange? Bearing in mind that he has lived 
at the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix for 
the past year? 

Wont, wont, wont, wont   

Harry stared at Dumbledore. He knew that Kreacher 
could not be permitted to go and live with Bellatrix 
Lestrange, but the idea of owning him, of having 
responsibility for the creature that had betrayed 
Sirius, was repugnant. 

Give him an order, said Dumbledore. If he has 
passed into your ownership, he will have to obey. If 
not, then we shall have to think of some other means 
of keeping him from his rightful mistress. 

Wont, wont, wont, WONT. 



  57 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Kreachers voice had risen to a scream. Harry could 
think of nothing to say, except, Kreacher, shut up! 

It looked for a moment as though Kreacher was going 
to choke. He grabbed his throat, his mouth still 
working furiously, his eyes bulging. After a few 
seconds of frantic gulping, he threw himself face 
forward onto the carpet (Aunt Petunia whimpered) 
and beat the floor with his hands and feet, giving 
himself over to a violent, but entirely silent, tantrum. 

Well, that simplifies matters, said Dumbledore 
cheerfully. It seems that Sirius knew what he was 
doing. You are the rightful owner of number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place and of Kreacher. 

Do I  do I have to keep him with me? Harry asked, 
aghast, as Kreacher thrashed around at his feet. 

Not if you dont want to, said Dumbledore. If I 
might make a suggestion, you could send him to 
Hogwarts to work in the kitchen there. In that way, 
the other houseelves could keep an eye on him. 

Yeah, said Harry in relief, yeah, Ill do that. Er  
Kreacher  I want you to go to Hogwarts and work in 
the kitchens there with the other houseelves. 

Kreacher, who was now lying flat on his back with his 
arms and legs in the air, gave Harry one upsidedown 
look of deepest loathing and, with another loud crack, 
vanished. 

Good, said Dumbledore. There is also the matter of 
the hippogriff, Buckbeak. Hagrid has been looking 
after him since Sirius died, but Buckbeak is yours 
now, so if you would prefer to make different 
arrangements   



  58 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, said Harry at once, he can stay with Hagrid. I 
think Buckbeak would prefer that. 

Hagrid will be delighted, said Dumbledore, smiling. 
He was thrilled to see Buckbeak again. Incidentally, 
we have decided, in the interests of Buckbeaks 
safety, to rechristen him Witherwings for the time 
being, though I doubt that the Ministry would ever 
guess he is the hippogriff they once sentenced to 
death. Now, Harry, is your trunk packed? 

Erm ... 

Doubtful that I would turn up? Dumbledore 
suggested shrewdly. 

Ill just go and  er  finish off, said Harry hastily, 
hurrying to pick up his fallen telescope and trainers. 

It took him a little over ten minutes to track down 
everything he needed; at last he had managed to 
extract his Invisibility Cloak from under the bed, 
screwed the top back on his jar of colorchange ink, 
and forced the lid of his trunk shut on his cauldron. 
Then, heaving his trunk in one hand and holding 
Hedwigs cage in the other, he made his way back 
downstairs. 

He was disappointed to discover that Dumbledore was 
not waiting in the hall, which meant that he had to 
return to the living room. 

Nobody was talking. Dumbledore was humming 
quietly, apparently quite at his ease, but the 
atmosphere was thicker than cold custard, and Harry 
did not dare look at the Dursleys as he said, 

Professor  Im ready now. 



  59 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Good, said Dumbledore. Just one last thing, then. 
And he turned to speak to the Dursleys once more. 

As you will no doubt be aware, Harry comes of age in 
a years time   

No, said Aunt Petunia, speaking for the first time 
since Dumbledores arrival. 

Im sorry? said Dumbledore politely. 

No, he doesnt. Hes a month younger than Dudley, 
and Dudders doesnt turn eighteen until the year after 
next. 

Ah, said Dumbledore pleasantly, but in the 
Wizarding world, we come of age at seventeen. 

Uncle Vernon muttered, Preposterous, but 
Dumbledore ignored him. 

Now, as you already know, the wizard called Lord 
Voldemort has returned to this country. The 
Wizarding community is currently in a state of open 
warfare. Harry, whom Lord Voldemort has already 
attempted to kill on a number of occasions, is in even 
greater danger now than the day when I left him upon 
your doorstep fifteen years ago, with a letter 
explaining about his parents murder and expressing 
the hope that you would care for him as though he 
were your own. 

Dumbledore paused, and although his voice remained 
light and calm, and he gave no obvious sign of anger, 
Harry felt a kind of chill emanating from him and 
noticed that the Dursleys drew very slightly closer 
together. 



  60 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You did not do as I asked. You have never treated 
Harry as a son. He has known nothing but neglect 
and often cruelty at your hands. The best that can be 
said is that he has at least escaped the appalling 
damage you have inflicted upon the unfortunate boy 
sitting between you. 

Both Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked around 
instinctively, as though expecting to see someone 
other than Dudley squeezed between them. 

Us  mistreat Dudders? What dyou  ? began 
Uncle Vernon furiously, but Dumbledore raised his 
finger for silence, a silence which fell as though he 
had struck Uncle Vernon dumb. 

The magic I evoked fifteen years ago means that 
Harry has powerful protection while he can still call 
this house home. However miserable he has been 
here, however unwelcome, however badly treated, you 
have at least, grudgingly, allowed him houseroom. 
This magic will cease to operate the moment that 
Harry turns seventeen; in other words, at the moment 
he becomes a man. I ask only this: that you allow 
Harry to return, once more, to this house, before his 
seventeenth birthday, which will ensure that the 
protection continues until that time. 

None of the Dursleys said anything. Dudley was 
frowning slightly, as though he was still trying to 
work out when he had ever been mistreated. Uncle 
Vernon looked as though he had something stuck in 
his throat; Aunt Petunia, however, was oddly flushed. 

Well, Harry ... time for us to be off, said Dumbledore 
at last, standing up and straightening his long black 
cloak. Until we meet again, he said to the Dursleys, 
who looked as though that moment could wait forever 



  61 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




as far as they were concerned, and after doffing his 
hat, he swept from the room. 

Bye, said Harry hastily to the Dursleys, and followed 
Dumbledore, who paused beside Harrys trunk, upon 
which Hedwigs cage was perched. 

We do not want to be encumbered by these just 
now, he said, pulling out his wand again. I shall 
send them to the Burrow to await us there. However, I 
would like you to bring your Invisibility Cloak ... just 
in case. 

Harry extracted his cloak from his trunk with some 
difficulty, trying not to show Dumbledore the mess 
within. When he had stuffed it into an inside pocket 
of his jacket, Dumbledore waved his wand and the 
trunk, cage, and Hedwig vanished. Dumbledore then 
waved his wand again, and the front door opened 
onto cool, misty darkness. 

And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and 
pursue that flighty temptress, adventure. 



  62 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






HORACE SLUGHORN 

Despite the fact that he had spent every waking 
moment of the past few days hoping desperately that 
Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry 
felt distinctly awkward as they set off down Privet 
Drive together. He had never had a proper 
conversation with the headmaster outside of 
Hogwarts before; there was usually a desk between 
them. The memory of their last facetoface encounter 
kept intruding too, and it rather heightened Harrys 
sense of embarrassment; he had shouted a lot on that 
occasion, not to mention done his best to smash 
several of Dumbledore s most prized possessions. 

Dumbledore, however, seemed completely relaxed. 

Keep your wand at the ready, Harry, he said 
brightly. 

But I thought Im not allowed to use magic outside 
school, sir? 



  63 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



If there is an attack, said Dumbledore, I give you 
permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might 
occur to you. However, I do not think you need worry 
about being attacked tonight. 

Why not, sir? 

You are with me, said Dumbledore simply. This will 
do, Harry. 

He came to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive. 

You have not, of course, passed your Apparition 
Test, he said. 

No, said Harry. I thought you had to be seventeen? 

You do, said Dumbledore. So you will need to hold 
on to my arm very tightly. My left, if you dont mind  
as you have noticed, my wand arm is a little fragile at 
the moment. 

Harry gripped Dumbledores proffered forearm. 

Very good, said Dumbledore. Well, here we go. 

Harry felt Dumbledores arm twist away from him and 
redoubled his grip; the next thing he knew, everything 
went black; he was being pressed very hard from all 
directions; he could not breathe, there were iron 
bands tightening around his chest; his eyeballs were 
being forced back into his head; his eardrums were 
being pushed deeper into his skull and then  

He gulped great lungfuls of cold night air and opened 
his streaming eyes. He felt as though he had just 
been forced through a very tight rubber tube. It was a 
few seconds before he realized that Privet Drive had 
vanished. He and Dumbledore were now standing in 
  64 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




what appeared to be a deserted village square, in the 
center of which stood an old war memorial and a few 
benches. His comprehension catching up with his 
senses, Harry realized that he had just Apparated for 
the first time in his life. 

Are you all right? asked Dumbledore, looking down 
at him solicitously. The sensation does take some 
getting used to. 

Im fine, said Harry, rubbing his ears, which felt as 
though they had left Privet Drive rather reluctantly. 
But I think I might prefer brooms. ... 

Dumbledore smiled, drew his traveling cloak a little 
more tightly around his neck, and said, This way. 

He set off at a brisk pace, past an empty inn and a 
few houses. According to a clock on a nearby church, 
it was almost midnight. 

So tell me, Harry, said Dumbledore. Your scar ... 
has it been hurting at all? 

Harry raised a hand unconsciously to his forehead 
and rubbed the lightningshaped mark. 

No, he said, and IVe been wondering about that. I 
thought it would be burning all the time now 
Voldemorts getting so powerful again. 

He glanced up at Dumbledore and saw that he was 
wearing a satisfied expression. 

I, on the other hand, thought otherwise, said 
Dumbledore. Lord Voldemort has finally realized the 
dangerous access to his thoughts and feelings you 
have been enjoying. It appears that he is now 
employing Occlumency against you. 

  65 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, Im not complaining, said Harry, who missed 
neither the disturbing dreams nor the startling 
flashes of insight into Voldemorts mind. 

They turned a corner, passing a telephone box and a 
bus shelter. Harry looked sideways at Dumbledore 
again. Professor? 

Harry? 

Er  where exactly are we? 

This, Harry, is the charming village of Budleigh 
Babberton. 

And what are we doing here? 

Ah yes, of course, I havent told you, said 
Dumbledore. Well, I have lost count of the number of 
times I have said this in recent years, but we are, 
once again, one member of staff short. We are here to 
persuade an old colleague of mine to come out of 
retirement and return to Hogwarts. 

How can I help with that, sir? 

Oh, I think well find a use for you, said Dumbledore 
vaguely. Left here, Harry. 

They proceeded up a steep, narrow street lined with 
houses. All the windows were dark. The odd chill that 
had lain over Privet Drive for two weeks persisted here 
too. Thinking of dementors, Harry cast a look over his 
shoulder and grasped his wand reassuringly in his 
pocket. 

Professor, why couldnt we just Apparate directly into 
your old colleagues house? 



  66 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down 
the front door, said Dumbledore. Courtesy dictates 
that we offer fellow wizards the opportunity of denying 
us entry. In any case, most Wizarding dwellings are 
magically protected from unwanted Apparators. At 
Hogwarts, for instance   

  you cant Apparate anywhere inside the buildings 
or grounds, said Harry quickly. Hermione Granger 
told me. 

And she is quite right. We turn left again. 

The church clock chimed midnight behind them. 

Harry wondered why Dumbledore did not consider it 
rude to call on his old colleague so late, but now that 
conversation had been established, he had more 
pressing questions to ask. 

Sir, I saw in the Daily Prophet that Fudge has been 
sacked. ... 

Correct, said Dumbledore, now turning up a steep 
side street. He has been replaced, as I am sure you 
also saw, by Rufus Scrimgeour, who used to be Head 
of the Auror office. 

Is he ... Do you think hes good? asked Harry. 

An interesting question, said Dumbledore. He is 
able, certainly. A more decisive and forceful 
personality than Cornelius. 

Yes, but I meant   

I know what you meant. Rufus is a man of action 
and, having fought Dark wizards for most of his 
working life, does not underestimate Lord Voldemort. 



  67 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not say anything 
about the disagreement with Scrimgeour that the 
Daily Prophet had reported, and he did not have the 
nerve to pursue the subject, so he changed it. And ... 
sir ... I saw about Madam Bones. 

Yes, said Dumbledore quietly. A terrible loss. She 
was a great witch. Just up here, I think  ouch. 

He had pointed with his injured hand. 

Professor, what happened to your  ? 

I have no time to explain now, said Dumbledore. It 
is a thrilling tale, I wish to do it justice. 

He smiled at Harry, who understood that he was not 
being snubbed, and that he had permission to keep 
asking questions. 

Sir  I got a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about 
security measures we should all take against the 
Death Eaters. ... 

Yes, I received one myself, said Dumbledore, still 
smiling. Did you find it useful? 

Not really. 

No, I thought not. You have not asked me, for 
instance, what is my favorite flavor of jam, to check 
that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore and not an 
impostor. 

I didnt ... Harry began, not entirely sure whether he 
was being reprimanded or not. 

For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry ... 
although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would 

  68 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




have been sure to research my own jam preferences 
before impersonating myself. 

Er ... right, said Harry. Well, on that leaflet, it said 
something about Inferi. What exactly are they? The 
leaflet wasnt very clear. 

They are corpses, said Dumbledore calmly. Dead 
bodies that have been bewitched to do a Dark 
wizards bidding. Inferi have not been seen for a long 
time, however, not since Voldemort was last powerful. 

. . . He killed enough people to make an army of them, 
of course. This is the place, Harry, just here. ... 

They were nearing a small, neat stone house set in its 
own garden. Harry was too busy digesting the horrible 
idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything 
else, but as they reached the front gate, Dumbledore 
stopped dead and Harry walked into him. 

Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear. 

Harry followed his gaze up the carefully tended front 
path and felt his heart sink. The front door was 
hanging off its hinges. 

Dumbledore glanced up and down the street. It 
seemed quite deserted. 

Wand out and follow me, Harry, he said quietly. 

He opened the gate and walked swiftly and silently up 
the garden path, Harry at his heels, then pushed the 
front door very slowly, his wand raised and at the 
ready. 

Lumos. 



  69 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore s wand tip ignited, casting its light up a 
narrow hallway. To the left, another door stood open. 
Holding his illuminated wand aloft, Dumbledore 
walked into the sitting room with Harry right behind 
him. 

A scene of total devastation met their eyes. A 
grandfather clock lay splintered at their feet, its face 
cracked, its pendulum lying a little farther away like a 
dropped sword. A piano was on its side, its keys 
strewn across the floor. The wreckage of a fallen 
chandelier glittered nearby. Cushions lay deflated, 
feathers oozing from slashes in their sides; fragments 
of glass and china lay like powder over everything. 
Dumbledore raised his wand even higher, so that its 
light was thrown upon the walls, where something 
darkly red and glutinous was spattered over the 
wallpaper. Harrys small intake of breath made 
Dumbledore look around. 

Not pretty, is it? he said heavily. Yes, something 
horrible has happened here. 

Dumbledore moved carefully into the middle of the 
room, scrutinizing the wreckage at his feet. Harry 
followed, gazing around, halfscared of what he might 
see hidden behind the wreck of the piano or the 
overturned sofa, but there was no sign of a body. 

Maybe there was a fight and  and they dragged him 
off, Professor? Harry suggested, trying not to imagine 
how badly wounded a man would have to be to leave 
those stains spattered halfway up the walls. 

I dont think so, said Dumbledore quietly, peering 
behind an overstuffed armchair lying on its side. 

You mean hes  ? 



  70 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Still here somewhere? Yes. 



And without warning, Dumbledore swooped, plunging 
the tip of his wand into the seat of the overstuffed 
armchair, which yelled, Ouch! 

Good evening, Horace, said Dumbledore, 
straightening up again. 

Harrys jaw dropped. Where a split second before 
there had been an armchair, there now crouched an 
enormously fat, bald, old man who was massaging his 
lower belly and squinting up at Dumbledore with an 
aggrieved and watery eye. 

There was no need to stick the wand in that hard, 
he said gruffly, clambering to his feet. It hurt. 

The wandlight sparkled on his shiny pate, his 
prominent eyes, his enormous, silver, walruslike 
mustache, and the highly polished buttons on the 
maroon velvet jacket he was wearing over a pair of 
lilac silk pajamas. The top of his head barely reached 
Dumbledore s chin. 

What gave it away? he grunted as he staggered to 
his feet, still rubbing his lower belly. He seemed 
remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been 
discovered pretending to be an armchair. 

My dear Horace, said Dumbledore, looking amused, 
if the Death Eaters really had come to call, the Dark 
Mark would have been set over the house. 

The wizard clapped a pudgy hand to his vast 
forehead. 

The Dark Mark, he muttered. Knew there was 
something ... ah well. Wouldnt have had time 

  71 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




anyway, Id only just put the finishing touches to my 
upholstery when you entered the room. 

He heaved a great sigh that made the ends of his 
mustache flutter. 

Would you like my assistance clearing up? asked 
Dumbledore politely. 

Please, said the other. 

They stood back to back, the tall thin wizard and the 
short round one, and waved their wands in one 
identical sweeping motion. 

The furniture flew back to its original places; 
ornaments reformed in midair, feathers zoomed into 
their cushions; torn books repaired themselves as 
they landed upon their shelves; oil lanterns soared 
onto side tables and reignited; a vast collection of 
splintered silver picture frames flew glittering across 
the room and alighted, whole and untarnished, upon 
a desk; rips, cracks, and holes healed everywhere, 
and the walls wiped themselves clean. 

What kind of blood was that, incidentally? asked 
Dumbledore loudly over the chiming of the newly 
unsmashed grandfather clock. 

On the walls? Dragon, shouted the wizard called 
Horace, as, with a deafening grinding and tinkling, 
the chandelier screwed itself back into the ceiling. 

There was a final plunk from the piano, and silence. 

Yes, dragon, repeated the wizard conversationally. 
My last bottle, and prices are skyhigh at the 
moment. Still, it might be reusable. 



  72 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He stumped over to a small crystal bottle standing on 
top of a sideboard and held it up to the light, 
examining the thick liquid within. 

Hmm. Bit dusty. 

He set the bottle back on the sideboard and sighed. It 
was then that his gaze fell upon Harry. 

Oho, he said, his large round eyes flying to Harrys 
forehead and the lightningshaped scar it bore. Ohol 

This, said Dumbledore, moving forward to make the 
introduction, is Harry Potter. Harry, this is an old 
friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn. 

Slughorn turned on Dumbledore, his expression 
shrewd. So thats how you thought youd persuade 
me, is it? Well, the answers no, Albus. 

He pushed past Harry, his face turned resolutely 
away with the air of a man trying to resist temptation. 

I suppose we can have a drink, at least? asked 
Dumbledore. For old times sake? 

Slughorn hesitated. 

All right then, one drink, he said ungraciously. 

Dumbledore smiled at Harry and directed him toward 
a chair not unlike the one that Slughorn had so 
recently impersonated, which stood right beside the 
newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp. 
Harry took the seat with the distinct impression that 
Dumbledore, for some reason, wanted to keep him as 
visible as possible. Certainly when Slughorn, who had 
been busy with decanters and glasses, turned to face 
the room again, his eyes fell immediately upon Harry. 
  73 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hmpf, he said, looking away quickly as though 
frightened of hurting his eyes. Here   He gave a 
drink to Dumbledore, who had sat down without 
invitation, thrust the tray at Harry, and then sank 
into the cushions of the repaired sofa and a 
disgruntled silence. His legs were so short they did 
not touch the floor. 

Well, how have you been keeping, Horace? 
Dumbledore asked. 

Not so well, said Slughorn at once. Weak chest. 
Wheezy. Rheumatism too. Cant move like I used to. 
Well, thats to be expected. Old age. Fatigue. 

And yet you must have moved fairly quickly to 
prepare such a welcome for us at such short notice, 
said Dumbledore. You cant have had more than 
three minutes warning? 

Slughorn said, half irritably, half proudly, Two. 

Didnt hear my Intruder Charm go off, I was taking a 
bath. Still, he added sternly, seeming to pull himself 
back together again, the fact remains that Im an old 
man, Albus. A tired old man whos earned the right to 
a quiet life and a few creature comforts. 

He certainly had those, thought Harry, looking 
around the room. It was stuffy and cluttered, yet 
nobody could say it was uncomfortable; there were 
soft chairs and footstools, drinks and books, boxes of 
chocolates and plump cushions. If Harry had not 
known who lived there, he would have guessed at a 
rich, fussy old lady. 

Youre not yet as old as I am, Horace, said 
Dumbledore. 



  74 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, maybe you ought to think about retirement 
yourself, said Slughorn bluntly. His pale gooseberry 
eyes had found Dumbledore s injured hand. 

Reactions not what they were, I see. 

Youre quite right, said Dumbledore serenely, 
shaking back his sleeve to reveal the tips of those 
burned and blackened fingers; the sight of them made 
the back of Harrys neck prickle unpleasantly. I am 
undoubtedly slower than I was. But on the other 
hand ... 

He shrugged and spread his hands wide, as though to 
say that age had its compensations, and Harry 
noticed a ring on his uninjured hand that he had 
never seen Dumbledore wear before: It was large, 
rather clumsily made of what looked like gold, and 
was set with a heavy black stone that had cracked 
down the middle. Slughorns eyes lingered for a 
moment on the ring too, and Harry saw a tiny frown 
momentarily crease his wide forehead. 

So, all these precautions against intruders, Horace 
... are they for the Death Eaters benefit, or mine? 
asked Dumbledore. 

What would the Death Eaters want with a poor 
brokendown old buffer like me? demanded 
Slughorn. 

I imagine that they would want you to turn your 
considerable talents to coercion, torture, and 
murder, said Dumbledore. Are you really telling me 
that they havent come recruiting yet? 

Slughorn eyed Dumbledore balefully for a moment, 
then muttered, I havent given them the chance. Ive 
been on the move for a year. Never stay in one place 
more than a week. Move from Muggle house to 

  75 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Muggle house  the owners of this place are on 
holiday in the Canary Islands  its been very 
pleasant, Ill be sorry to leave. Its quite easy once you 
know how, one simple Freezing Charm on these 
absurd burglar alarms they use instead of 
Sneakoscopes and make sure the neighbors dont 
spot you bringing in the piano. 

Ingenious, said Dumbledore. But it sounds a rather 
tiring existence for a brokendown old buffer in 
search of a quiet life. Now, if you were to return to 
Hogwarts   

If youre going to tell me my life would be more 
peaceful at that pestilential school, you can save your 
breath, Albus! I might have been in hiding, but some 
funny rumors have reached me since Dolores 
Umbridge left! If thats how you treat teachers these 
days   

Professor Umbridge ran afoul of our centaur herd, 
said Dumbledore. I think you, Horace, would have 
known better than to stride into the forest and call a 
horde of angry centaurs filthy halfbreeds.  

Thats what she did, did she? said Slughorn. Idiotic 
woman. Never liked her. 

Harry chuckled and both Dumbledore and Slughorn 
looked round at him. 

Sorry, Harry said hastily. Its just  I didnt like 
her either. 

Dumbledore stood up rather suddenly. 

Are you leaving? asked Slughorn at once, looking 
hopeful. 



  76 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, I was wondering whether I might use your 
bathroom, said Dumbledore. 

Oh, said Slughorn, clearly disappointed. Second on 
the left down the hall. 

Dumbledore strode from the room. Once the door had 
closed behind him, there was silence. After a few 
moments, Slughorn got to his feet but seemed 
uncertain what to do with himself. He shot a furtive 
look at Harry, then crossed to the fire and turned his 
back on it, warming his wide behind. 

Dont think I dont know why hes brought you, he 
said abruptly. 

Harry merely looked at Slughorn. Slughorn s watery 
eyes slid over Harrys scar, this time taking in the rest 
of his face. 

You look very like your father. 

Yeah, Ive been told, said Harry. 

Except for your eyes. Youve got   

My mothers eyes, yeah. Harry had heard it so often 
he found it a bit wearing. 

Hmpf. Yes, well. You shouldnt have favorites as a 
teacher, of course, but she was one of mine. Your 
mother, Slughorn added, in answer to Harrys 
questioning look. Lily Evans. One of the brightest I 
ever taught. Vivacious, you know. Charming girl. I 
used to tell her she ought to have been in my House. 
Very cheeky answers I used to get back too. 

Which was your House? 



  77 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I was Head of Slytherin, said Slughorn. Oh, now, 
he went on quickly, seeing the expression on Harrys 
face and wagging a stubby finger at him, dont go 
holding that against me! Youll be Gryffindor like her, 

I suppose? Yes, it usually goes in families. Not 
always, though. Ever heard of Sirius Black? You must 
have done  been in the papers for the last couple of 
years  died a few weeks ago   

It was as though an invisible hand had twisted 
Harrys intestines and held them tight. 

Well, anyway, he was a big pal of your fathers at 
school. The whole Black family had been in my 
House, but Sirius ended up in Gryffindor! Shame  
he was a talented boy. I got his brother, Regulus, 
when he came along, but Id have liked the set. 

He sounded like an enthusiastic collector who had 
been outbid at auction. Apparently lost in memories, 
he gazed at the opposite wall, turning idly on the spot 
to ensure an even heat on his backside. 

Your mother was Muggleborn, of course. Couldnt 
believe it when I found out. Thought she must have 
been pureblood, she was so good. 

One of my best friends is Muggleborn, said Harry, 
and shes the best in our year. 

Funny how that sometimes happens, isnt it? said 
Slughorn. 

Not really, said Harry coldly. 

Slughorn looked down at him in surprise. You 
mustnt think Im prejudiced! he said. No, no, no! 
Havent I just said your mother was one of my alltime 
favorite students? And there was Dirk Cresswell in 

  78 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the year after her too  now Head of the Goblin 
Liaison Office, of course  another Muggleborn, a 
very gifted student, and still gives me excellent inside 
information on the goingson at Gringotts! 

He bounced up and down a little, smiling in a self 
satisfied way, and pointed at the many glittering 
photograph frames on the dresser, each peopled with 
tiny moving occupants. 

All exstudents, all signed. Youll notice Barnabas 
Cuffe, editor of the Daily Prophet, hes always 
interested to hear my take on the days news. And 
Ambrosius Flume, of Honeydukes  a hamper every 
birthday, and all because I was able to give him an 
introduction to Ciceron Harkiss, who gave him his 
first job! And at the back  youll see her if you just 
crane your neck  thats Gwenog Jones, who of 
course captains the Holyhead Harpies. ... People are 
always astonished to hear Im on firstname terms 
with the Harpies, and free tickets whenever I want 
them! 

This thought seemed to cheer him up enormously. 

And all these people know where to find you, to send 
you stuff? asked Harry, who could not help 
wondering why the Death Eaters had not yet tracked 
down Slughorn if hampers of sweets, Quidditch 
tickets, and visitors craving his advice and opinions 
could find him. 

The smile slid from Slughorn s face as quickly as the 
blood from his walls. 

Of course not, he said, looking down at Harry. I 
have been out of touch with everybody for a year. 



  79 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry had the impression that the words shocked 
Slughorn himself; he looked quite unsettled for a 
moment. Then he shrugged. 

Still . . . the prudent wizard keeps his head down in 
such times. All very well for Dumbledore to talk, but 
taking up a post at Hogwarts just now would be 
tantamount to declaring my public allegiance to the 
Order of the Phoenix! And while Im sure theyre very 
admirable and brave and all the rest of it, I dont 
personally fancy the mortality rate   

You dont have to join the Order to teach at 
Hogwarts, said Harry, who could not quite keep a 
note of derision out of his voice: It was hard to 
sympathize with Slughorn s cosseted existence when 
he remembered Sirius, crouching in a cave and living 
on rats. Most of the teachers arent in it, and none of 
them has ever been killed  well, unless you count 
Quirrell, and he got what he deserved seeing as he 
was working with Voldemort. 

Harry had been sure Slughorn would be one of those 
wizards who could not bear to hear Voldemorts name 
spoken aloud, and was not disappointed: Slughorn 
gave a shudder and a squawk of protest, which Harry 
ignored. 

I reckon the staff are safer than most people while 
Dumbledore s headmaster; hes supposed to be the 
only one Voldemort ever feared, isnt he? Harry went 
on. 

Slughorn gazed into space for a moment or two: He 
seemed to be thinking over Harrys words. 

Well, yes, it is true that HeWhoMustNotBeNamed 
has never sought a fight with Dumbledore, he 
muttered grudgingly. And I suppose one could argue 

  80 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




that as I have not joined the Death Eaters, HeWho 
MustNotBeNamed can hardly count me a friend ... 
in which case, I might well be safer a little closer to 
Albus. ... I cannot pretend that Amelia Boness death 
did not shake me. ... If she, with all her Ministry 
contacts and protection ... 

Dumbledore reentered the room and Slughorn 
jumped as though he had forgotten he was in the 
house. 

Oh, there you are, Albus, he said. Youve been a 
very long time. Upset stomach? 

No, I was merely reading the Muggle magazines, 
said Dumbledore. I do love knitting patterns. Well, 
Harry, we have trespassed upon Horaces hospitality 
quite long enough; I think it is time for us to leave. 

Not at all reluctant to obey, Harry jumped to his feet. 
Slughorn seemed taken aback. 

Youre leaving? 

Yes, indeed. I think I know a lost cause when I see 
one. 

Lost... ? 

Slughorn seemed agitated. He twiddled his fat 
thumbs and fidgeted as he watched Dumbledore 
fasten his traveling cloak, and Harry zip up his jacket. 

Well, Im sorry you dont want the job, Horace, said 
Dumbledore, raising his uninjured hand in a farewell 
salute. Hogwarts would have been glad to see you 
back again. Our greatly increased security 
notwithstanding, you will always be welcome to visit, 
should you wish to. 

  81 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Yes ... well ... very gracious ... as I say ... 



Goodbye, then. 

Bye, said Harry. 

They were at the front door when there was a shout 
from behind them. 

All right, all right, 111 do it! 

Dumbledore turned to see Slughorn standing 
breathless in the doorway to the sitting room. 

You will come out of retirement? 

Yes, yes, said Slughorn impatiently. I must be mad, 
but yes. 

Wonderful, said Dumbledore, beaming. Then, 
Horace, we shall see you on the first of September. 

Yes, I daresay you will, grunted Slughorn. 

As they set off down the garden path, Slughorn s voice 
floated after them, 111 want a pay rise, Dumbledore! 

Dumbledore chuckled. The garden gate swung shut 
behind them, and they set off back down the hill 
through the dark and the swirling mist. 

Well done, Harry, said Dumbledore. 

I didnt do anything, said Harry in surprise. 

Oh yes you did. You showed Horace exactly how 
much he stands to gain by returning to Hogwarts. Did 
you like him? 



  82 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Er ... 



Harry wasnt sure whether he liked Slughorn or not. 
He supposed he had been pleasant in his way, but he 
had also seemed vain and, whatever he said to the 
contrary, much too surprised that a Muggleborn 
should make a good witch. 

Horace, said Dumbledore, relieving Harry of the 
responsibility to say any of this, likes his comfort. He 
also likes the company of the famous, the successful, 
and the powerful. He enjoys the feeling that he 
influences these people. He has never wanted to 
occupy the throne himself; he prefers the backseat  
more room to spread out, you see. He used to 
handpick favorites at Hogwarts, sometimes for their 
ambition or their brains, sometimes for their charm 
or their talent, and he had an uncanny knack for 
choosing those who would go on to become 
outstanding in their various fields. Horace formed a 
kind of club of his favorites with himself at the center, 
making introductions, forging useful contacts 
between members, and always reaping some kind of 
benefit in return, whether a free box of his favorite 
crystalized pineapple or the chance to recommend the 
next junior member of the Goblin Liaison Office. 

Harry had a sudden and vivid mental image of a great 
swollen spider, spinning a web around it, twitching a 
thread here and there to bring its large and juicy flies 
a little closer. 

I tell you all this, Dumbledore continued, not to 
turn you against Horace  or, as we must now call 
him, Professor Slughorn  but to put you on your 
guard. He will undoubtedly try to collect you, Harry. 
You would be the jewel of his collection; the Boy Who 
Lived ... or, as they call you these days, the Chosen 
One. 

  83 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




At these words, a chill that had nothing to do with the 
surrounding mist stole over Harry. He was reminded 
of words he had heard a few weeks ago, words that 
had a horrible and particular meaning to him: Neither 
can live while the other survives . . . 

Dumbledore had stopped walking, level with the 
church they had passed earlier. 

This will do, Harry. If you will grasp my arm. 

Braced this time, Harry was ready for the Apparition, 
but still found it unpleasant. When the pressure 
disappeared and he found himself able to breathe 
again, he was standing in a country lane beside 
Dumbledore and looking ahead to the crooked 
silhouette of his second favorite building in the world: 
the Burrow. In spite of the feeling of dread that had 
just swept through him, his spirits could not help but 
lift at the sight of it. Ron was in there ... and so was 
Mrs. Weasley, who could cook better than anyone he 
knew. ... 

If you dont mind, Harry, said Dumbledore, as they 
passed through the gate, Id like a few words with 
you before we part. In private. Perhaps in here? 

Dumbledore pointed toward a rundown stone 
outhouse where the Weasleys kept their broomsticks. 
A little puzzled, Harry followed Dumbledore through 
the creaking door into a space a little smaller than the 
average cupboard. Dumbledore illuminated the tip of 
his wand, so that it glowed like a torch, and smiled 
down at Harry. 

I hope you will forgive me for mentioning it, Harry, 
but I am pleased and a little proud at how well you 
seem to be coping after everything that happened at 



  84 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the Ministry. Permit me to say that I think Sirius 
would have been proud of you. 

Harry swallowed; his voice seemed to have deserted 
him. He did not think he could stand to discuss 
Sirius; it had been painful enough to hear Uncle 
Vernon say His godfathers dead? and even worse to 
hear Siriuss name thrown out casually by Slughorn. 

It was cruel, said Dumbledore softly, that you and 
Sirius had such a short time together. A brutal 
ending to what should have been a long and happy 
relationship. 

Harry nodded, his eyes fixed resolutely on the spider 
now climbing Dumbledores hat. He could tell that 
Dumbledore understood, that he might even suspect 
that until his letter arrived, Harry had spent nearly all 
his time at the Dursleys lying on his bed, refusing 
meals, and staring at the misted window, full of the 
chill emptiness that he had come to associate with 
dementors. 

Its just hard, Harry said finally, in a low voice, to 
realize he wont write to me again. 

His eyes burned suddenly and he blinked. He felt 
stupid for admitting it, but the fact that he had had 
someone outside Hogwarts who cared what happened 
to him, almost like a parent, had been one of the best 
things about discovering his godfather . . . and now the 
post owls would never bring him that comfort again. 



Sirius represented much to you that you had never 
known before, said Dumbledore gently. Naturally, 
the loss is devastating. ... 



  85 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But while I was at the Dursleys ... interrupted 
Harry, his voice growing stronger, I realized I cant 
shut myself away or  or crack up. Sirius wouldnt 
have wanted that, would he? And anyway, lifes too 
short. ... Look at Madam Bones, look at Emmeline 
Vance. ... It could be me next, couldnt it? But if it is, 
he said fiercely, now looking straight into 
Dumbledores blue eyes gleaming in the wandlight, 

Ill make sure I take as many Death Eaters with me 
as I can, and Voldemort too if I can manage it. 

Spoken both like your mother and fathers son and 
Siriuss true godson! said Dumbledore, with an 
approving pat on Harrys back. I take my hat off to 
you  or I would, if I were not afraid of showering you 
in spiders. 

And now, Harry, on a closely related subject ... I 
gather that you have been taking the Daily Prophet 
over the last two weeks? 

Yes, said Harry, and his heart beat a little faster. 

Then you will have seen that there have been not so 
much leaks as floods concerning your adventure in 
the Hall of Prophecy? 

Yes, said Harry again. And now everyone knows 
that Im the one   

No, they do not, interrupted Dumbledore. There are 
only two people in the whole world who know the full 
contents of the prophecy made about you and Lord 
Voldemort, and they are both standing in this smelly, 
spidery broom shed. It is true, however, that many 
have guessed, correctly, that Voldemort sent his 
Death Eaters to steal a prophecy, and that the 
prophecy concerned you. 



  86 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Now, I think I am correct in saying that you have not 
told anybody that you know what the prophecy said? 

No, said Harry. 

A wise decision, on the whole, said Dumbledore. 
Although I think you ought to relax it in favor of your 
friends, Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione 
Granger. Yes, he continued, when Harry looked 
startled, I think they ought to know. You do them a 
disservice by not confiding something this important 
to them. 

I didnt want   

  to worry or frighten them? said Dumbledore, 
surveying Harry over the top of his halfmoon 
spectacles. Or perhaps, to confess that you yourself 
are worried and frightened? You need your friends, 
Harry. As you so rightly said, Sirius would not have 
wanted you to shut yourself away. 

Harry said nothing, but Dumbledore did not seem to 
require an answer. He continued, On a different, 
though related, subject, it is my wish that you take 
private lessons with me this year. 

Private  with you? said Harry, surprised out of his 
preoccupied silence. 

Yes. I think it is time that I took a greater hand in 
your education. 

What will you be teaching me, sir? 

Oh, a little of this, a little of that, said Dumbledore 
airily. 



  87 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry waited hopefully, but Dumbledore did not 
elaborate, so he asked something else that had been 
bothering him slightly. 

If Im having lessons with you, I wont have to do 
Occlumency lessons with Snape, will I? 

Professor Snape, Harry  and no, you will not. 

Good, said Harry in relief, because they were a   

He stopped, careful not to say what he really thought. 

I think the word fiasco would be a good one here, 
said Dumbledore, nodding. 

Harry laughed. 

Well, that means I wont see much of Professor 
Snape from now on, he said, because he wont let 
me carry on Potions unless I get Outstanding in my 
O.W.L., which I know I havent. 

Dont count your owls before they are delivered, said 
Dumbledore gravely. Which, now I think of it, ought 
to be some time later today. Now, two more things, 
Harry, before we part. 

Firstly, I wish you to keep your Invisibility Cloak with 
you at all times from this moment onward. Even 
within Hogwarts itself. Just in case, you understand 
me? 

Harry nodded. 

And lastly, while you stay here, the Burrow has been 
given the highest security the Ministry of Magic can 
provide. These measures have caused a certain 
amount of inconvenience to Arthur and Molly  all 

  88 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




their post, for instance, is being searched at the 
Ministry before being sent on. They do not mind in 
the slightest, for their only concern is your safety. 
However, it would be poor repayment if you risked 
your neck while staying with them. 

I understand, said Harry quickly. 

Very well, then, said Dumbledore, pushing open the 
broom shed door and stepping out into the yard. I 
see a light in the kitchen. Let us not deprive Molly 
any longer of the chance to deplore how thin you are. 



  89 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   







AN EXCESS OF PHLEGM 

Harry and Dumbledore approached the back door of 
the Burrow, which was surrounded by the familiar 
litter of old Wellington boots and rusty cauldrons; 
Harry could hear the soft clucking of sleepy chickens 
coming from a distant shed. Dumbledore knocked 
three times and Harry saw sudden movement behind 
the kitchen window. 

Whos there? said a nervous voice he recognized as 
Mrs. Weasleys. Declare yourself! 

It is I, Dumbledore, bringing Harry. 

The door opened at once. There stood Mrs. Weasley, 
short, plump, and wearing an old green dressing 
gown. 

Harry, dear! Gracious, Albus, you gave me a fright, 
you said not to expect you before morning! 

We were lucky, said Dumbledore, ushering Harry 
over the threshold. Slughorn proved much more 

  90 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



persuadable than I had expected. Harrys doing, of 
course. Ah, hello, Nymphadora! 

Harry looked around and saw that Mrs. Weasley was 
not alone, despite the lateness of the hour. A young 
witch with a pale, heartshaped face and mousy 
brown hair was sitting at the table clutching a large 
mug between her hands. 

Hello, Professor, she said. Wotcher, Harry. 

Hi, Tonks. 

Harry thought she looked drawn, even ill, and there 
was something forced in her smile. Certainly her 
appearance was less colorful than usual without her 
customary shade of bubblegumpink hair. 

Id better be off, she said quickly, standing up and 
pulling her cloak around her shoulders. Thanks for 
the tea and sympathy, Molly. 

Please dont leave on my account, said Dumbledore 
courteously, I cannot stay, I have urgent matters to 
discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour. 

No, no, I need to get going, said Tonks, not meeting 
Dumbledores eyes.  Night   

Dear, why not come to dinner at the weekend, 

Remus and MadEye are coming  ? 

No, really, Molly ... thanks anyway ... Good night, 
everyone. 

Tonks hurried past Dumbledore and Harry into the 
yard; a few paces beyond the doorstep, she turned on 
the spot and vanished into thin air. Harry noticed 
that Mrs. Weasley looked troubled. 

  91 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Well, I shall see you at Hogwarts, Harry, said 
Dumbledore. Take care of yourself. Molly, your 
servant. 

He made Mrs. Weasley a bow and followed Tonks, 
vanishing at precisely the same spot. Mrs. Weasley 
closed the door on the empty yard and then steered 
Harry by the shoulders into the full glow of the 
lantern on the table to examine his appearance. 

Youre like Ron, she sighed, looking him up and 
down. Both of you look as though youve had 
Stretching Jinxes put on you. I swear Rons grown 
four inches since I last bought him school robes. Are 
you hungry, Harry? 

Yeah, I am, said Harry, suddenly realizing just how 
hungry he was. 

Sit down, dear, Ill knock something up. 

As Harry sat down, a furry ginger cat with a squashed 
face jumped onto his knees and settled there, 
purring. 

So Hermiones here? he asked happily as he tickled 
Crookshanks behind the ears. 

Oh yes, she arrived the day before yesterday, said 
Mrs. Weasley, rapping a large iron pot with her wand. 
It bounced onto the stove with a loud clang and began 
to bubble at once. Everyones in bed, of course, we 
didnt expect you for hours. Here you are   

She tapped the pot again; it rose into the air, flew 
toward Harry, and tipped over; Mrs. Weasley slid a 
bowl neatly beneath it just in time to catch the 
stream of thick, steaming onion soup. 



  92 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Bread, dear? 



Thanks, Mrs. Weasley. 

She waved her wand over her shoulder; a loaf of 
bread and a knife soared gracefully onto the table; as 
the loaf sliced itself and the soup pot dropped back 
onto the stove, Mrs. Weasley sat down opposite him. 

So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job? 

Harry nodded, his mouth so full of hot soup that he 
could not speak. 

He taught Arthur and me, said Mrs. Weasley. He 
was at Hogwarts for ages, started around the same 
time as Dumbledore, I think. Did you like him? 

His mouth now full of bread, Harry shrugged and 
gave a noncommittal jerk of the head. 

I know what you mean, said Mrs. Weasley, nodding 
wisely. Of course he can be charming when he wants 
to be, but Arthurs never liked him much. The 
Ministrys littered with Slughorns old favorites, he 
was always good at giving leg ups, but he never had 
much time for Arthur  didnt seem to think he was 
enough of a highflier. Well, that just shows you, even 
Slughorn makes mistakes. I dont know whether 
Rons told you in any of his letters  its only just 
happened  but Arthurs been promoted! 

It could not have been clearer that Mrs. Weasley had 
been bursting to say this. 

Harry swallowed a large amount of very hot soup and 
thought he could feel his throat blistering. Thats 
great! he gasped. 



  93 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You are sweet, beamed Mrs. Weasley, possibly 
taking his watering eyes for emotion at the news. 

Yes, Rufus Scrimgeour has set up several new offices 
in response to the present situation, and Arthurs 
heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation 
of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. 
Its a big job, hes got ten people reporting to him 
now! 

What exactly  ? 

Well, you see, in all the panic about YouKnowWho, 
odd things have been cropping up for sale 
everywhere, things that are supposed to guard 
against YouKnowWho and the Death Eaters. You 
can imagine the kind of thing  socalled protective 
potions that are really gravy with a bit of bubotuber 
pus added, or instructions for defensive jinxes that 
actually make your ears fall off. ... Well, in the main 
the perpetrators are just people like Mundungus 
Fletcher, whove never done an honest days work in 
their lives and are taking advantage of how frightened 
everybody is, but every now and then something 
really nasty turns up. The other day Arthur 
confiscated a box of cursed Sneakoscopes that were 
almost certainly planted by a Death Eater. So you 
see, its a very important job, and I tell him its just 
silly to miss dealing with spark plugs and toasters 
and all the rest of that Muggle rubbish. Mrs. Weasley 
ended her speech with a stern look, as if it had been 
Harry suggesting that it was natural to miss spark 
plugs. 

Is Mr. Weasley still at work? Harry asked. 

Yes, he is. As a matter of fact, hes a tiny bit late. ... 
He said hed be back around midnight. ... 



  94 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She turned to look at a large clock that was perched 
awkwardly on top of a pile of sheets in the washing 
basket at the end of the table. Harry recognized it at 
once: It had nine hands, each inscribed with the 
name of a family member, and usually hung on the 
Weasleys sitting room wall, though its current 
position suggested that Mrs. Weasley had taken to 
carrying it around the house with her. Every single 
one of its nine hands was now pointing at mortal 
peril. 

Its been like that for a while now, said Mrs. 

Weasley, in an unconvincingly casual voice, ever 
since YouKnowWho came back into the open. I 
suppose everybodys in mortal danger now. ... I dont 
think it can be just our family ... but I dont know 
anyone else whos got a clock like this, so I cant 
check. Oh! 

With a sudden exclamation she pointed at the clocks 
face. Mr. Weasleys hand had switched to traveling. 

Hes coming! 

And sure enough, a moment later there was a knock 
on the back door. Mrs. Weasley jumped up and 
hurried to it; with one hand on the doorknob and her 
face pressed against the wood she called softly, 
Arthur, is that you? 

Yes, came Mr. Weasleys weary voice. But I would 
say that even if I were a Death Eater, dear. Ask the 
question! 

Oh, honestly ... 

Molly! 

All right, all right . . . What is your dearest ambition? 

  95 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




To find out how airplanes stay up. 

Mrs. Weasley nodded and turned the doorknob, but 
apparently Mr. Weasley was holding tight to it on the 
other side, because the door remained firmly shut. 

Molly! Ive got to ask you your question first! 

Arthur, really, this is just silly. ... 

What do you like me to call you when were alone 
together? 

Even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell 
that Mrs. Weasley had turned bright red; he himself 
felt suddenly warm around the ears and neck, and 
hastily gulped soup, clattering his spoon as loudly as 
he could against the bowl. 

Mollywobbles, whispered a mortified Mrs. Weasley 
into the crack at the edge of the door. 

Correct, said Mr. Weasley. Now you can let me in. 

Mrs. Weasley opened the door to reveal her husband, 
a thin, balding, redhaired wizard wearing horn 
rimmed spectacles and a long and dusty traveling 
cloak. 

I still dont see why we have to go through that every 
time you come home, said Mrs. Weasley, still pink in 
the face as she helped her husband out of his cloak. 

I mean, a Death Eater might have forced the answer 
out of you before impersonating you! 

I know, dear, but its Ministry procedure, and I have 
to set an example. Something smells good  onion 
soup? 



  96 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Mr. Weasley turned hopefully in the direction of the 
table. 

Harry! We didnt expect you until morning! 

They shook hands, and Mr. Weasley dropped into the 
chair beside Harry as Mrs. Weasley set a bowl of soup 
in front of him too. 

Thanks, Molly. Its been a tough night. Some idiots 
started selling MetamorphMedals. Just sling them 
around your neck and youll be able to change your 
appearance at will. A hundred thousand disguises, all 
for ten Galleons! 

And what really happens when you put them on? 

Mostly you just turn a fairly unpleasant orange color, 
but a couple of people have also sprouted tentaclelike 
warts all over their bodies. As if St. Mungos didnt 
have enough to do already! 

It sounds like the sort of thing Fred and George 
would find funny, said Mrs. Weasley hesitantly. Are 
you sure  ? 

Of course I am! said Mr. Weasley. The boys 
wouldnt do anything like that now, not when people 
are desperate for protection! 

So is that why youre late, MetamorphMedals? 

No, we got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in 
Elephant and Castle, but luckily the Magical Law 
Enforcement Squad had sorted it out by the time we 
got there. ... 

Harry stifled a yawn behind his hand. 



  97 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Bed, said an undeceived Mrs. Weasley at once. Ive 
got Fred and Georges room all ready for you, youll 
have it to yourself. 

Why, where are they? 

Oh, theyre in Diagon Alley, sleeping in the little flat 
over their joke shop as theyre so busy, said Mrs. 
Weasley. I must say, I didnt approve at first, but 
they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business! 

Come on, dear, your trunks already up there. 

 Night, Mr. Weasley, said Harry, pushing back his 
chair. Crookshanks leapt lightly from his lap and 
slunk out of the room. 

Gnight, Harry, said Mr. Weasley. 

Harry saw Mrs. Weasley glance at the clock in the 
washing basket as they left the kitchen. All the hands 
were once again at mortal peril. 

Fred and Georges bedroom was on the second floor. 
Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at a lamp on the 
bedside table and it ignited at once, bathing the room 
in a pleasant golden glow. Though a large vase of 
flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the 
small window, their perfume could not disguise the 
lingering smell of what Harry thought was 
gunpowder. A considerable amount of floor space was 
devoted to a vast number of unmarked, sealed 
cardboard boxes, amongst which stood Harrys school 
trunk. The room looked as though it was being used 
as a temporary warehouse. 

Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from her perch on top 
of a large wardrobe, then took off through the 
window; Harry knew she had been waiting to see him 
before going hunting. Harry bade Mrs. Weasley good 

  98 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




night, put on pajamas, and got into one of the beds. 
There was something hard inside the pillowcase. He 
groped inside it and pulled out a sticky purpleand 
orange sweet, which he recognized as a Puking 
Pastille. Smiling to himself, he rolled over and was 
instantly asleep. 

Seconds later, or so it seemed to Harry, he was 
awakened by what sounded like cannon fire as the 
door burst open. Sitting bolt upright, he heard the 
rasp of the curtains being pulled back: The dazzling 
sunlight seemed to poke him hard in both eyes. 
Shielding them with one hand, he groped hopelessly 
for his glasses with the other. 

Wuzzgoinon? 

We didnt know you were here already! said a loud 
and excited voice, and he received a sharp blow to the 
top of the head. 

Ron, dont hit him! said a girls voice reproachfully. 

Harrys hand found his glasses and he shoved them 
on, though the light was so bright he could hardly see 
anyway. A long, looming shadow quivered in front of 
him for a moment; he blinked and Ron Weasley came 
into focus, grinning down at him. 

All right? 

Never been better, said Harry, rubbing the top of his 
head and slumping back onto his pillows. You? 

Not bad, said Ron, pulling over a cardboard box and 
sitting on it. When did you get here? Mums only just 
told us! 

About one oclock this morning. 

  99 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Were the Muggles all right? Did they treat you okay? 

Same as usual, said Harry, as Hermione perched 
herself on the edge of his bed, they didnt talk to me 
much, but I like it better that way. Howre you, 
Hermione? 

Oh, Im fine, said Hermione, who was scrutinizing 
Harry as though he was sickening for something. He 
thought he knew what was behind this, and as he 
had no wish to discuss Siriuss death or any other 
miserable subject at the moment, he said, Whats the 
time? Have I missed breakfast? 

Dont worry about that, Mums bringing you up a 
tray; she reckons you look underfed, said Ron, 
rolling his eyes. So, whats been going on? 

Nothing much, Ive just been stuck at my aunt and 
uncles, havent I? 

Come off it! said Ron. Youve been off with 
Dumbledore! 

It wasnt that exciting. He just wanted me to help 
him persuade this old teacher to come out of 
retirement. His names Horace Slughorn. 

Oh, said Ron, looking disappointed. We thought   

Hermione flashed a warning look at Ron, and Ron 
changed tack at top speed. 

  we thought itd be something like that. 

You did? said Harry, amused. 



  100 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yeah ... yeah, now Umbridge has left, obviously we 
need a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, 
dont we? So, er, whats he like? 

He looks a bit like a walrus, and he used to be Head 
of Slytherin, said Harry. Something wrong, 
Hermione? 

She was watching him as though expecting strange 
symptoms to manifest themselves at any moment. 

She rearranged her features hastily in an 
unconvincing smile. 

No, of course not! So, um, did Slughorn seem like 
hell be a good teacher? 

Dunno, said Harry. He cant be worse than 
Umbridge, can he? 

I know someone whos worse than Umbridge, said a 
voice from the doorway. Rons younger sister slouched 
into the room, looking irritable. Hi, Harry. 

Whats up with you? Ron asked. 

Its her, said Ginny, plonking herself down on 
Harrys bed. Shes driving me mad. 

Whats she done now? asked Hermione 
sympathetically. 

Its the way she talks to me  youd think I was 
about three! 

I know, said Hermione, dropping her voice. Shes so 
full of herself. 

Harry was astonished to hear Hermione talking about 
Mrs. Weasley like this and could not blame Ron for 

  101 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




saying angrily, Cant you two lay off her for five 
seconds? 

Oh, thats right, defend her, snapped Ginny. We all 
know you cant get enough of her. 

This seemed an odd comment to make about Rons 
mother. Starting to feel that he was missing 
something, Harry said, Who are you  ? 

But his question was answered before he could finish 
it. The bedroom door flew open again, and Harry 
instinctively yanked the bedcovers up to his chin so 
hard that Hermione and Ginny slid off the bed onto 
the floor. 

A young woman was standing in the doorway, a 
woman of such breathtaking beauty that the room 
seemed to have become strangely airless. She was tall 
and willowy with long blonde hair and appeared to 
emanate a faint, silvery glow. To complete this vision 
of perfection, she was carrying a heavily laden 
breakfast tray. 

 Arry, she said in a throaty voice. Eet as been too 
long! 

As she swept over the threshold toward him, Mrs. 
Weasley was revealed, bobbing along in her wake, 
looking rather cross. 

There was no need to bring up the tray, I was just 
about to do it myself! 

Eet was no trouble, said Fleur Delacour, setting the 
tray across Harrys knees and then swooping to kiss 
him on each cheek: He felt the places where her 
mouth had touched him burn. I ave been longing to 
see im. You remember my seester, Gabrielle? She 
  102 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




never stops talking about Ariy Potter. She will be 
delighted to see you again. 



Oh ... is she here too? Harry croaked. 

No, no, silly boy, said Fleur with a tinkling laugh, I 
mean next summer, when we  but do you not 
know? 

Her great blue eyes widened and she looked 
reproachfully at Mrs. Weasley, who said, We hadnt 
got around to telling him yet. 

Fleur turned back to Harry, swinging her silvery sheet 
of hair so that it whipped Mrs. Weasley across the 
face. 

Bill and I are going to be married! 

Oh, said Harry blankly. He could not help noticing 
how Mrs. Weasley, Hermione, and Ginny were all 
determinedly avoiding one anothers gaze. Wow. Er 
 congratulations! 

She swooped down upon him and kissed him again. 

Bill is very busy at ze moment, working very ard, 
and I only work parttime at Gringotts for my 
Eenglish, so he brought me ere for a few days to get 
to know is family properly. I was so pleased to ear 
you would be coming  zere isnt much to do ere, 
unless you like cooking and chickens! Well  enjoy 
your breakfast, Arry! 

With these words she turned gracefully and seemed to 
float out of the room, closing the door quietly behind 
her. 

Mrs. Weasley made a noise that sounded like tchah! 

  103 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Mum hates her, said Ginny quietly. 

I do not hate her! said Mrs. Weasley in a cross 
whisper. I just think theyve hurried into this 
engagement, thats all! 

Theyve known each other a year, said Ron, who 
looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed 
door. 

Well, thats not very long! I know why its happened, 
of course. Its all this uncertainty with YouKnowWho 
coming back, people think they might be dead 
tomorrow, so theyre rushing all sorts of decisions 
theyd normally take time over. It was the same last 
time he was powerful, people eloping left, right, and 
center   

Including you and Dad, said Ginny slyly. 

Yes, well, your father and I were made for each other, 
what was the point in waiting? said Mrs. Weasley. 
Whereas Bill and Fleur . . . well . . . what have they 
really got in common? Hes a hardworking, downto 
earth sort of person, whereas shes   

A cow, said Ginny, nodding. But Bills not that 
downtoearth. Hes a CurseBreaker, isnt he, he 
likes a bit of adventure, a bit of glamour. ... I expect 
thats why hes gone for Phlegm. 

Stop calling her that, Ginny, said Mrs. Weasley 
sharply, as Harry and Hermione laughed. Well, Id 
better get on. ... Eat your eggs while theyre warm, 
Harry. 

Looking careworn, she left the room. Ron still seemed 
slightly punchdrunk; he was shaking his head 



  104 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




experimentally like a dog trying to rid its ears of 
water. 

Dont you get used to her if shes staying in the same 
house? Harry asked. 

Well, you do, said Ron, but if she jumps out at you 
unexpectedly, like then ... 

Its pathetic, said Hermione furiously, striding away 
from Ron as far as she could go and turning to face 
him with her arms folded once she had reached the 
wall. 

You dont really want her around forever? Ginny 
asked Ron incredulously. When he merely shrugged, 
she said, Well, Mums going to put a stop to it if she 
can, I bet you anything. 

Hows she going to manage that? asked Harry. 

She keeps trying to get Tonks round for dinner. I 
think shes hoping Bill will fall for Tonks instead. I 
hope he does, Id much rather have her in the family. 

Yeah, thatll work, said Ron sarcastically. Listen, 
no bloke in his right minds going to fancy Tonks 
when Fleurs around. I mean, Tonks is okaylooking 
when she isnt doing stupid things to her hair and her 
nose, but   

Shes a damn sight nicer than Phlegm, said Ginny 

And shes more intelligent, shes an Auror! said 
Hermione from the corner. 

Fleurs not stupid, she was good enough to enter the 
Triwizard Tournament, said Harry. 



  105 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Not you as well! said Hermione bitterly. 



I suppose you like the way Phlegm says Arry, do 
you? asked Ginny scornfully. 

No, said Harry, wishing he hadnt spoken, I was 
just saying, Phlegm  I mean, Fleur   

Id much rather have Tonks in the family, said 
Ginny. At least shes a laugh. 

She hasnt been much of a laugh lately, said Ron. 
Every time Ive seen her shes looked more like 
Moaning Myrtle. 

Thats not fair, snapped Hermione. She still hasnt 
got over what happened . . . you know ... I mean, he 
was her cousin! 

Harrys heart sank. They had arrived at Sirius. He 
picked up a fork and began shoveling scrambled eggs 
into his mouth, hoping to deflect any invitation to join 
in this part of the conversation. 

Tonks and Sirius barely knew each other! said Ron. 
Sirius was in Azkaban half her life and before that 
their families never met   

Thats not the point, said Hermione. She thinks it 
was her fault he died! 

How does she work that one out? asked Harry, in 
spite of himself. 

Well, she was fighting Bellatrix Lestrange, wasnt 
she? I think she feels that if only she had finished her 
off, Bellatrix couldnt have killed Sirius. 

Thats stupid, said Ron. 

  106 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Its survivors guilt, said Hermione. I know Lupins 
tried to talk her round, but shes still really down. 
Shes actually having trouble with her 
Metamorphosing!  

With her  ? 

She cant change her appearance like she used to, 
explained Hermione. I think her powers must have 
been affected by shock, or something. 

I didnt know that could happen, said Harry. 

Nor did I, said Hermione, but I suppose if youre 
really depressed ... 

The door opened again and Mrs. Weasley popped her 
head in. Ginny, she whispered, come downstairs 
and help me with the lunch. 

Im talking to this lot! said Ginny, outraged. 

Now! said Mrs. Weasley, and withdrew. 

She only wants me there so she doesnt have to be 
alone with Phlegm! said Ginny crossly. She swung 
her long red hair around in a very good imitation of 
Fleur and pranced across the room with her arms 
held aloft like a ballerina. 

You lot had better come down quickly too, she said 
as she left. 

Harry took advantage of the temporary silence to eat 
more breakfast. Hermione was peering into Fred and 
Georges boxes, though every now and then she cast 
sideways looks at Harry. Ron, who was now helping 
himself to Harrys toast, was still gazing dreamily at 
the door. 

  107 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Whats this? Hermione asked eventually, holding up 
what looked like a small telescope. 

Dunno, said Ron, but if Fred and Georgeve left it 
here, its probably not ready for the joke shop yet, so 
be careful. 

Your mum said the shops going well, said Harry. 
Said Fred and George have got a real flair for 
business. 

Thats an understatement, said Ron. Theyre raking 
in the Galleons! I cant wait to see the place, we 
havent been to Diagon Alley yet, because Mum says 
Dads got to be there for extra security and hes been 
really busy at work, but it sounds excellent. 

And what about Percy? asked Harry; the third 
eldest Weasley brother had fallen out with the rest of 
the family. Is he talking to your mum and dad 
again? 

Nope, said Ron. 

But he knows your dad was right all along now 
about Voldemort being back   

Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive 
others for being wrong than being right, said 
Hermione. I heard him telling your mum, Ron. 

Sounds like the sort of mental thing Dumbledore 
would say, said Ron. 

Hes going to be giving me private lessons this year, 
said Harry conversationally. 

Ron choked on his bit of toast, and Hermione gasped. 



  108 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You kept that quiet! said Ron. 

I only just remembered, said Harry honestly. He 
told me last night in your broom shed. 

Blimey ... private lessons with Dumbledore! said 
Ron, looking impressed. I wonder why hes ... ? 

His voice tailed away. Harry saw him and Hermione 
exchange looks. Harry laid down his knife and fork, 
his heart beating rather fast considering that all he 
was doing was sitting in bed. Dumbledore had said to 
do it. ... Why not now? He fixed his eyes on his fork, 
which was gleaming in the sunlight streaming into his 
lap, and said, I dont know exactly why hes going to 
be giving me lessons, but I think it must be because 
of the prophecy. 

Neither Ron nor Hermione spoke. Harry had the 
impression that both had frozen. He continued, still 
speaking to his fork, You know, the one they were 
trying to steal at the Ministry. 

Nobody knows what it said, though, said Hermione 
quickly. It got smashed. 

Although the Prophet says   began Ron, but 
Hermione said, Shh! 

The Prophets got it right, said Harry, looking up at 
them both with a great effort: Hermione seemed 
frightened and Ron amazed. That glass ball that 
smashed wasnt the only record of the prophecy. I 
heard the whole thing in Dumbledore s office, he was 
the one the prophecy was made to, so he could tell 
me. From what it said, Harry took a deep breath, it 
looks like Im the one whos got to finish off 
Voldemort. ... At least, it said neither of us could live 
while the other survives. 

  109 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The three of them gazed at one another in silence for 
a moment. Then there was a loud bang and Hermione 
vanished behind a puff of black smoke. 

Hermione! shouted Harry and Ron; the breakfast 
tray slid to the floor with a crash. 

Hermione emerged, coughing, out of the smoke, 
clutching the telescope and sporting a brilliantly 
purple black eye. 

I squeezed it and it  it punched me! she gasped. 

And sure enough, they now saw a tiny fist on a long 
spring protruding from the end of the telescope. 

Dont worry, said Ron, who was plainly trying not to 
laugh, Mumll fix that, shes good at healing minor 
injuries   

Oh well, never mind that now! said Hermione 
hastily. Harry, oh, Harry ... 

She sat down on the edge of his bed again. 

We wondered, after we got back from the Ministry ... 
Obviously, we didnt want to say anything to you, but 
from what Lucius Malfoy said about the prophecy, 
how it was about you and Voldemort, well, we 
thought it might be something like this. ... Oh, Harry 
... She stared at him, then whispered, Are you 
scared? 

Not as much as I was, said Harry. When I first 
heard it, I was . . . but now, it seems as though I 
always knew Id have to face him in the end. ... 

When we heard Dumbledore was collecting you in 
person, we thought he might be telling you something 

  110 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




or showing you something to do with the prophecy, 
said Ron eagerly. And we were kind of right, werent 
we? He wouldnt be giving you lessons if he thought 
you were a goner, wouldnt waste his time  he must 
think youve got a chance! 

Thats true, said Hermione. I wonder what hell 
teach you, Harry? Really advanced defensive magic, 
probably ... powerful countercurses ... antijinxes ... 

Harry did not really listen. A warmth was spreading 
through him that had nothing to do with the sunlight; 
a tight obstruction in his chest seemed to be 
dissolving. He knew that Ron and Hermione were 
more shocked than they were letting on, but the mere 
fact that they were still there on either side of him, 
speaking bracing words of comfort, not shrinking 
from him as though he were contaminated or 
dangerous, was worth more than he could ever tell 
them. 

"... and evasive enchantments generally, concluded 
Hermione. Well, at least you know one lesson youll 
be having this year, thats one more than Ron and 
me. I wonder when our O.W.L. results will come? 

Cant be long now, its been a month, said Ron. 

Hang on, said Harry, as another part of last nights 
conversation came back to him. I think Dumbledore 
said our O.W.L. results would be arriving today! 

Today? shrieked Hermione. Today? But why didnt 
you  oh my God  you should have said   

She leapt to her feet. 

Im going to see whether any owls have come. ... 



  111 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But when Harry arrived downstairs ten minutes later, 
fully dressed and carrying his empty breakfast tray, it 
was to find Hermione sitting at the kitchen table in 
great agitation, while Mrs. Weasley tried to lessen her 
resemblance to half a panda. 

It just wont budge, Mrs. Weasley was saying 
anxiously, standing over Hermione with her wand in 
her hand and a copy of The Healers Helpmate open at 
Bruises, Cuts, and Abrasions. This has always 
worked before, I just cant understand it. 

Itll be Fred and Georges idea of a funny joke, 
making sure it cant come off, said Ginny 

But its got to come off! squeaked Hermione. I cant 
go around looking like this forever! 

You wont, dear, well find an antidote, dont worry, 
said Mrs. Weasley soothingly. 

Bill told me ow Fred and George are very amusing! 
said Fleur, smiling serenely. 

Yes, I can hardly breathe for laughing, snapped 
Hermione. 

She jumped up and started walking round and round 
the kitchen, twisting her fingers together. 

Mrs. Weasley, youre quite, quite sure no owls have 
arrived this morning? 

Yes, dear, Id have noticed, said Mrs. Weasley 
patiently. But its barely nine, theres still plenty of 
time. ... 

I know I messed up Ancient Runes, muttered 
Hermione feverishly, I definitely made at least one 

  112 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




serious mistranslation. And the Defense Against the 
Dark Arts practical was no good at all. I thought 
Transfiguration went all right at the time, but looking 
back   

Hermione, will you shut up, youre not the only one 
whos nervous! barked Ron. And when youve got 
your eleven Outstanding O.W.L.s ... 

Dont, dont, dont! said Hermione, flapping her 
hands hysterically. I know Ive failed everything! 

What happens if we fail? Harry asked the room at 
large, but it was again Hermione who answered. 

We discuss our options with our Head of House, I 
asked Professor McGonagall at the end of last term. 

Harrys stomach squirmed. He wished he had eaten 
less breakfast. 

At Beauxbatons, said Fleur complacently, we ad a 
different way of doing things. I think eet was better. 
We sat our examinations after six years of study, not 
five, and then   

Fleurs words were drowned in a scream. Hermione 
was pointing through the kitchen window. Three 
black specks were clearly visible in the sky, growing 
larger all the time. 

Theyre definitely owls, said Ron hoarsely, jumping 
up to join Hermione at the window. 

And there are three of them, said Harry, hastening 
to her other side. 

One for each of us, said Hermione in a terrified 
whisper. Oh no ... oh no ... oh no ... 

  113 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She gripped both Harry and Ron tightly around the 
elbows. 



The owls were flying directly at the Burrow, three 
handsome tawnies, each of which, it became clear as 
they flew lower over the path leading up to the house, 
was carrying a large square envelope. 

Oh no\ squealed Hermione. 

Mrs. Weasley squeezed past them and opened the 
kitchen window. One, two, three, the owls soared 
through it and landed on the table in a neat line. All 
three of them lifted their right legs. 

Harry moved forward. The letter addressed to him 
was tied to the leg of the owl in the middle. He untied 
it with fumbling fingers. To his left, Ron was trying to 
detach his own results; to his right, Hermiones 
hands were shaking so much she was making her 
whole owl tremble. 

Nobody in the kitchen spoke. At last, Harry managed 
to detach the envelope. He slit it open quickly and 
unfolded the parchment inside. 

ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL RESULTS 



Pass Grades Fail Grades 

Outstanding (O) Poor (P) 

Exceeds Expectations (E) Dreadful (D) 

Acceptable (A) Troll (T) 

Harry James Potter has achieved: 

Astronomy A 

Care of Magical Creatures E 

  114 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Charms E 

Defense Against the Dark ArtsO 
Divination P 

Herbology E 

History of Magic D 

Potions E 

Transfiguration E 



Harry read the parchment through several times, his 
breathing becoming easier with each reading. It was 
all right: He had always known that he would fail 
Divination, and he had had no chance of passing 
History of Magic, given that he had collapsed halfway 
through the examination, but he had passed 
everything else! He ran his finger down the grades ... 
he had passed well in Transfiguration and Herbology, 
he had even exceeded expectations at Potions! And 
best of all, he had achieved Outstanding at Defense 
Against the Dark Arts! 

He looked around. Hermione had her back to him and 
her head bent, but Ron was looking delighted. 

Only failed Divination and History of Magic, and who 
cares about them? he said happily to Harry. Here  
swap   

Harry glanced down Rons grades: There were no 
Outstandings there. ... 

Knew youd be top at Defense Against the Dark Arts, 
said Ron, punching Harry on the shoulder. Weve 
done all right, havent we? 

Well done! said Mrs. Weasley proudly, ruffling Rons 
hair. Seven O.W.L.s, thats more than Fred and 
George got together! 



  115 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hermione? said Ginny tentatively, for Hermione still 
hadnt turned around. How did you do? 

I  not bad, said Hermione in a small voice. 

Oh, come off it, said Ron, striding over to her and 
whipping her results out of her hand. Yep  nine 
Outstandings and one Exceeds Expectations at 
Defense Against the Dark Arts. He looked down at 
her, halfamused, halfexasperated. Youre actually 
disappointed, arent you? 

Hermione shook her head, but Harry laughed. 

Well, were N.E.W.T. students now! grinned Ron. 
Mum, are there any more sausages? 

Harry looked back down at his results. They were as 
good as he could have hoped for. He felt just one tiny 
twinge of regret. ... This was the end of his ambition 
to become an Auror. He had not secured the required 
Potions grade. He had known all along that he 
wouldnt, but he still felt a sinking in his stomach as 
he looked again at that small black E. 

It was odd, really, seeing that it had been a Death 
Eater in disguise who had first told Harry he would 
make a good Auror, but somehow the idea had taken 
hold of him, and he couldnt really think of anything 
else he would like to be. Moreover, it had seemed the 
right destiny for him since he had heard the prophecy 
a few weeks ago. ... Neither can live while the other 
survives. ... Wouldnt he be living up to the prophecy, 
and giving himself the best chance of survival, if he 
joined those highly trained wizards whose job it was 
to find and kill Voldemort? 



  116 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




6 




DRACOS DETOUR 

Harry remained within the confines of the Burrows 
garden over the next few weeks. He spent most of his 
days playing twoaside Quidditch in the Weasleys 
orchard (he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny; 
Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good, so they were 
reasonably well matched) and his evenings eating 
triple helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front 
of him. 

It would have been a happy, peaceful holiday had it 
not been for the stories of disappearances, odd 
accidents, even of deaths now appearing almost daily 
in the Prophet Sometimes Bill and Mr. Weasley 
brought home news before it even reached the paper. 
To Mrs. Weasleys displeasure, Harrys sixteenth 
birthday celebrations were marred by grisly tidings 
brought to the party by Remus Lupin, who was 
looking gaunt and grim, his brown hair streaked 
liberally with gray, his clothes more ragged and 
patched than ever. 



  117 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



There have been another couple of dementor 
attacks, he announced, as Mrs. Weasley passed him 
a large slice of birthday cake. And theyve found Igor 
Karkaroffs body in a shack up north. The Dark Mark 
had been set over it  well, frankly, Im surprised he 
stayed alive for even a year after deserting the Death 
Eaters; Siriuss brother, Regulus, only managed a few 
days as far as I can remember. 

Yes, well, said Mrs. Weasley, frowning, perhaps we 
should talk about something diff   

Did you hear about Florean Fortescue, Remus? 
asked Bill, who was being plied with wine by Fleur. 
The man who ran   

  the icecream place in Diagon Alley? Harry 
interrupted, with an unpleasant, hollow sensation in 
the pit of his stomach. He used to give me free ice 
creams. Whats happened to him? 

Dragged off, by the look of his place. 

Why? asked Ron, while Mrs. Weasley pointedly 
glared at Bill. 

Who knows? He mustve upset them somehow. He 
was a good man, Florean. 

Talking of Diagon Alley, said Mr. Weasley, looks 
like Ollivanders gone too. 

The wandmaker? said Ginny, looking startled. 

Thats the one. Shops empty. No sign of a struggle. 
No one knows whether he left voluntarily or was 
kidnapped. 

But wands  whatll people do for wands? 

  118 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Theyll make do with other makers, said Lupin. But 
Ollivander was the best, and if the other side have got 
him its not so good for us. 

The day after this rather gloomy birthday tea, their 
letters and booklists arrived from Hogwarts. Harrys 
included a surprise: He had been made Quidditch 
Captain. 

That gives you equal status with prefects! cried 
Hermione happily. You can use our special bathroom 
now and everything! 

Wow, I remember when Charlie wore one of these, 
said Ron, examining the badge with glee. Harry, this 
is so cool, youre my Captain  if you let me back on 
the team, I suppose, ha ha. ... 

Well, I dont suppose we can put off a trip to Diagon 
Alley much longer now youve got these, sighed Mrs. 
Weasley, looking down Rons booklist. Well go on 
Saturday as long as your father doesnt have to go 
into work again. Im not going there without him. 

Mum, dyou honestly think YouKnow Whos going to 
be hiding behind a bookshelf in Flourish and Blotts? 
sniggered Ron. 

Fortescue and Ollivander went on holiday, did they? 
said Mrs. Weasley, firing up at once. If you think 
securitys a laughing matter you can stay behind and 
Ill get your things myself   

No, I wanna come, I want to see Fred and Georges 
shop! said Ron hastily. 

Then you just buck up your ideas, young man, 
before I decide youre too immature to come with us! 
said Mrs. Weasley angrily, snatching up her clock, all 

  119 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




nine hands of which were still pointing at mortal 
peril, and balancing it on top of a pile of just 
laundered towels. And that goes for returning to 
Hogwarts as well! 

Ron turned to stare incredulously at Harry as his 
mother hoisted the laundry basket and the teetering 
clock into her arms and stormed out of the room. 

Blimey ... you cant even make a joke round here 
anymore. ... 

But Ron was careful not to be flippant about 
Voldemort over the next few days. Saturday dawned 
without any more outbursts from Mrs. Weasley, 
though she seemed very tense at breakfast. Bill, who 
would be staying at home with Fleur (much to 
Hermione and Ginnys pleasure), passed a full money 
bag across the table to Harry. 

Wheres mine? demanded Ron at once, his eyes 
wide. 

Thats already Harrys, idiot, said Bill. I got it out of 
your vault for you, Harry, because its taking about 
five hours for the public to get to their gold at the 
moment, the goblins have tightened security so 
much. Two days ago Arkie Philpott had a Probity 
Probe stuck up his ... Well, trust me, this ways 
easier. 

Thanks, Bill, said Harry, pocketing his gold. 

 E is always so thoughtful, purred Fleur adoringly, 
stroking Bills nose. Ginny mimed vomiting into her 
cereal behind Fleur. Harry choked over his 
cornflakes, and Ron thumped him on the back. 



  120 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It was an overcast, murky day. One of the special 
Ministry of Magic cars, in which Harry had ridden 
once before, was awaiting them in the front yard 
when they emerged from the house, pulling on their 
cloaks. 

Its good Dad can get us these again, said Ron 
appreciatively, stretching luxuriously as the car 
moved smoothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur 
waving from the kitchen window. He, Harry, 

Hermione, and Ginny were all sitting in roomy 
comfort in the wide backseat. 

Dont get used to it, its only because of Harry, said 
Mr. Weasley over his shoulder. He and Mrs. Weasley 
were in front with the Ministry driver; the front 
passenger seat had obligingly stretched into what 
resembled a twoseater sofa. Hes been given top 
grade security status. And well be joining up with 
additional security at the Leaky Cauldron too. 

Harry said nothing; he did not much fancy doing his 
shopping while surrounded by a battalion of Aurors. 
He had stowed his Invisibility Cloak in his backpack 
and felt that, if that was good enough for 
Dumbledore, it ought to be good enough for the 
Ministry, though now he came to think of it, he was 
not sure the Ministry knew about his cloak. 

Here you are, then, said the driver, a surprisingly 
short while later, speaking for the first time as he 
slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside 
the Leaky Cauldron. Im to wait for you, any idea 
how long you 11 be? 

A couple of hours, I expect, said Mr. Weasley. Ah, 
good, hes here! 



  121 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry imitated Mr. Weasley and peered through the 
window; his heart leapt. There were no Aurors waiting 
outside the inn, but instead the gigantic, black 
bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid, the Hogwarts 
gamekeeper, wearing a long beaverskin coat, beaming 
at the sight of Harrys face and oblivious to the 
startled stares of passing Muggles. 

Harry! he boomed, sweeping Harry into a bone 
crushing hug the moment Harry had stepped out of 
the car. Buckbeak  Witherwings, I mean  yeh 
should see him, Harry, hes so happy ter be back in 
the open air   

Glad hes pleased, said Harry, grinning as he 
massaged his ribs. We didnt know security meant 
you! 

I know, jus like old times, innit? See, the Ministry 
wanted ter send a bunch o Aurors, but Dumbledore 
said Id do, said Hagrid proudly, throwing out his 
chest and tucking his thumbs into his pockets. Lets 
get goin then  after yeh, Molly, Arthur   

The Leaky Cauldron was, for the first time in Harrys 
memory, completely empty. Only Tom the landlord, 
wizened and toothless, remained of the old crowd. He 
looked up hopefully as they entered, but before he 
could speak, Hagrid said importantly, Jus passin 
through today, Tom, sure yeh understand, Hogwarts 
business, yeh know. 

Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping glasses; 
Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Weasleys walked 
through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard 
at the back where the dustbins stood. Hagrid raised 
his pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the 
wall, which opened at once to form an archway onto a 



  122 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




winding cobbled street. They stepped through the 
entrance and paused, looking around. 

Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful, glittering 
window displays of spellbooks, potion ingredients, 
and cauldrons were lost to view, hidden behind the 
large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted 
over them. Most of these somber purple posters 
carried blownup versions of the security advice on 
the Ministry pamphlets that had been sent out over 
the summer, but others bore moving blackandwhite 
photographs of Death Eaters known to be on the 
loose. Bellatrix Lestrange was sneering from the front 
of the nearest apothecary. A few windows were 
boarded up, including those of Florean Fortescues Ice 
Cream Parlor. On the other hand, a number of 
shabbylooking stalls had sprung up along the street. 
The nearest one, which had been erected outside 
Flourish and Blotts, under a striped, stained awning, 
had a cardboard sign pinned to its front: 

AMULETS 

Effective Against Werewolves, Dementors, and Inferi 

A seedylooking little wizard was rattling armfuls of 
silver symbols on chains at passersby. 

One for your little girl, madam? he called at Mrs. 
Weasley as they passed, leering at Ginny. Protect her 
pretty neck? 

If I were on duty ... said Mr. Weasley, glaring angrily 
at the amulet seller. 

Yes, but dont go arresting anyone now, dear, were 
in a hurry, said Mrs. Weasley, nervously consulting a 
list. I think wed better do Madam Malkins first, 
Hermione wants new dress robes, and Rons showing 

  123 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




much too much ankle in his school robes, and you 
must need new ones too, Harry, youve grown so 
much  come on, everyone   

Molly, it doesnt make sense for all of us to go to 
Madam Malkins, said Mr. Weasley. Why dont those 
three go with Hagrid, and we can go to Flourish and 
Blotts and get everyones schoolbooks? 

I dont know, said Mrs. Weasley anxiously, clearly 
torn between a desire to finish the shopping quickly 
and the wish to stick together in a pack. Hagrid, do 
you think  ? 

Don fret, theyll be fine with me, Molly, said Hagrid 
soothingly, waving an airy hand the size of a dustbin 
lid. Mrs. Weasley did not look entirely convinced, but 
allowed the separation, scurrying off toward Flourish 
and Blotts with her husband and Ginny while Harry, 
Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid set off for Madam 
Malkins. 

Harry noticed that many of the people who passed 
them had the same harried, anxious look as Mrs. 
Weasley, and that nobody was stopping to talk 
anymore; the shoppers stayed together in their own 
tightly knit groups, moving intently about their 
business. Nobody seemed to be shopping alone. 

Migh be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us, 
said Hagrid, stopping outside Madam Malkins and 
bending down to peer through the window. Ill stand 
guard outside, all right? 

So Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the little shop 
together. It appeared, at first glance, to be empty, but 
no sooner had the door swung shut behind them than 
they heard a familiar voice issuing from behind a rack 
of dress robes in spangled green and blue. 

  124 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




"... not a child, in case you havent noticed, Mother. I 
am perfectly capable of doing my shopping alone. 

There was a clucking noise and a voice Harry 
recognized as that of Madam Malkin, the owner, said, 
Now, dear, your mothers quite right, none of us is 
supposed to go wandering around on our own 
anymore, its nothing to do with being a child   

Watch where youre sticking that pin, will you! 

A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white 
blond hair appeared from behind the rack, wearing a 
handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with 
pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. He 
strode to the mirror and examined himself; it was a 
few moments before he noticed Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione reflected over his shoulder. His light gray 
eyes narrowed. 

If youre wondering what the smell is, Mother, a 
Mudblood just walked in, said Draco Malfoy. 

I dont think theres any need for language like that! 
said Madam Malkin, scurrying out from behind the 
clothes rack holding a tape measure and a wand. 
And I dont want wands drawn in my shop either! 
she added hastily, for a glance toward the door had 
shown her Harry and Ron both standing there with 
their wands out and pointing at Malfoy. Hermione, 
who was standing slightly behind them, whispered, 
No, dont, honestly, its not worth it. ... 

Yeah, like youd dare do magic out of school, 
sneered Malfoy. Who blacked your eye, Granger? I 
want to send them flowers. 



  125 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Thats quite enough! said Madam Malkin sharply, 
looking over her shoulder for support. Madam  
please   

Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes 
rack. 

Put those away, she said coldly to Harry and Ron. 

If you attack my son again, I shall ensure that it is 
the last thing you ever do. 

Really? said Harry, taking a step forward and gazing 
into the smoothly arrogant face that, for all its pallor, 
still resembled her sisters. He was as tall as she was 
now. Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in, 
are you? 

Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at her heart. 

Really, you shouldnt accuse  dangerous thing to 
say  wands away, please! 

But Harry did not lower his wand. Narcissa Malfoy 
smiled unpleasantly. 

I see that being Dumbledores favorite has given you 
a false sense of security, Harry Potter. But 
Dumbledore wont always be there to protect you. 

Harry looked mockingly all around the shop. Wow ... 
look at that ... hes not here now! So why not have a 
go? They might be able to find you a double cell in 
Azkaban with your loser of a husband! 

Malfoy made an angry movement toward Harry, but 
stumbled over his overlong robe. Ron laughed loudly. 

Dont you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter! 
Malfoy snarled. 

  126 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Its all right, Draco, said Narcissa, restraining him 
with her thin white fingers upon his shoulder. I 
expect Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I 
am reunited with Lucius. 

Harry raised his wand higher. 

Harry, no! moaned Hermione, grabbing his arm and 
attempting to push it down by his side. Think. ... 

You mustnt. ... Youll be in such trouble. ... 

Madam Malkin dithered for a moment on the spot, 
then seemed to decide to act as though nothing was 
happening in the hope that it wouldnt. She bent 
toward Malfoy, who was still glaring at Harry. 

I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more, 
dear, let me just   

Ouch! bellowed Malfoy, slapping her hand away. 
Watch where youre putting your pins, woman! 
Mother  I dont think I want these anymore   

He pulled the robes over his head and threw them 
onto the floor at Madam Malkins feet. 

Youre right, Draco, said Narcissa, with a 
contemptuous glance at Hermione, now I know the 
kind of scum that shops here. ... Well do better at 
Twilfitt and Tattings. 

And with that, the pair of them strode out of the 
shop, Malfoy taking care to bang as hard as he could 
into Ron on the way out. 

Well, reallyl said Madam Malkin, snatching up the 
fallen robes and moving the tip of her wand over them 
like a vacuum cleaner, so that it removed all the dust. 



  127 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She was distracted all through the fitting of Rons and 
Harrys new robes, tried to sell Hermione wizards 
dress robes instead of witchs, and when she finally 
bowed them out of the shop it was with an air of 
being glad to see the back of them. 

Got evrything? asked Hagrid brightly when they 
reappeared at his side. 

Just about, said Harry. Did you see the Malfoys? 

Yeah, said Hagrid, unconcerned. Bu they wouldn 
dare make trouble in the middle o Diagon Alley, 
Harry. Don worry abou them. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged looks, but 
before they could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable 
notion, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared, all 
clutching heavy packages of books. 

Everyone all right? said Mrs. Weasley. Got your 
robes? Right then, we can pop in at the Apothecary 
and Eeylops on the way to Fred and Georges  stick 
close, now. ... 

Neither Harry nor Ron bought any ingredients at the 
Apothecary, seeing that they were no longer studying 
Potions, but both bought large boxes of owl nuts for 
Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium. 
Then, with Mrs. Weasley checking her watch every 
minute or so, they headed farther along the street in 
search of Weasleys Wizard Wheezes, the joke shop 
run by Fred and George. 

We really havent got too long, Mrs. Weasley said. 

So well just have a quick look around and then back 
to the car. We must be close, thats number ninety 
two ... ninetyfour ... 



  128 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Whoa, said Ron, stopping in his tracks. 

Set against the dull, postermuffled shop fronts 
around them, Fred and Georges windows hit the eye 
like a firework display. Casual passersby were looking 
back over their shoulders at the windows, and a few 
rather stunnedlooking people had actually come to a 
halt, transfixed. The lefthand window was dazzlingly 
full of an assortment of goods that revolved, popped, 
flashed, bounced, and shrieked; Harrys eyes began to 
water just looking at it. The righthand window was 
covered with a gigantic poster, purple like those of the 
Ministry, but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters: 

WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT 

YOUKNOWWHO? 

YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT 
UNOPOO 

THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION 
THATS GRIPPING THE NATION! 

Harry started to laugh. He heard a weak sort of moan 
beside him and looked around to see Mrs. Weasley 
gazing, dumbfounded, at the poster. Her lips moved 
silently, mouthing the name UNoPoo. 

Theyll be murdered in their beds! she whispered. 

No they wont! said Ron, who, like Harry, was 
laughing. This is brilliant! 

And he and Harry led the way into the shop. It was 
packed with customers; Harry could not get near the 

  129 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




shelves. He stared around, looking up at the boxes 
piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes 
that the twins had perfected during their last, 
unfinished year at Hogwarts; Harry noticed that the 
Nosebleed Nougat was most popular, with only one 
battered box left on the shelf. There were bins full of 
trick wands, the cheapest merely turning into rubber 
chickens or pairs of briefs when waved, the most 
expensive beating the unwary user around the head 
and neck, and boxes of quills, which came in Self 
Inking, SpellChecking, and SmartAnswer varieties. 

A space cleared in the crowd, and Harry pushed his 
way toward the counter, where a gaggle of delighted 
tenyearolds was watching a tiny little wooden man 
slowly ascending the steps to a real set of gallows, 
both perched on a box that read: REUSABLE 
HANGMAN  SPELL IT OR HELL SWING! 

 Patented Daydream Charms . . .   

Hermione had managed to squeeze through to a large 
display near the counter and was reading the 
information on the back of a box bearing a highly 
colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning 
girl who were standing on the deck of a pirate ship. 

 One simple incantation and you will enter a top 
quality, highly realistic, thirtyminute daydream, easy 
to fit into the average school lesson and virtually 
undetectable (side effects include vacant expression 
and minor drooling). Not for sale to undersixteens. 
You know, said Hermione, looking up at Harry, that 
really is extraordinary magic! 

For that, Hermione, said a voice behind them, you 
can have one for free. 



  130 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




A beaming Fred stood before them, wearing a set of 
magenta robes that clashed magnificently with his 
flaming hair. 

How are you, Harry? They shook hands. And 
whats happened to your eye, Hermione? 

Your punching telescope, she said ruefully. 

Oh blimey, I forgot about those, said Fred. Here   

He pulled a tub out of his pocket and handed it to 
her; she unscrewed it gingerly to reveal a thick yellow 
paste. 

Just dab it on, that bruisell be gone within the 
hour, said Fred. We had to find a decent bruise 
remover. Were testing most of our products on 
ourselves. 

Hermione looked nervous. It is safe, isnt it? she 
asked. 

 Course it is, said Fred bracingly. Come on, Harry, 
Ill give you a tour. 

Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with paste 
and followed Fred toward the back of the shop, where 
he saw a stand of card and rope tricks. 

Muggle magic tricks! said Fred happily, pointing 
them out. For freaks like Dad, you know, who love 
Muggle stuff. Its not a big earner, but we do fairly 
steady business, theyre great novelties. ... Oh, heres 
George. ... 

Freds twin shook Harrys hand energetically. 



  131 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Giving him the tour? Come through the back, Harry, 
thats where were making the real money  pocket 
anything, you, and youll pay in more than GalleonsV 
he added warningly to a small boy who hastily 
whipped his hand out of the tub labeled EDIBLE 
DARK MARKS  THEYLL MAKE ANYONE SICK! 

George pushed back a curtain beside the Muggle 
tricks and Harry saw a darker, less crowded room. 
The packaging on the products lining these shelves 
was more subdued. 

Weve just developed this more serious line, said 
Fred. Funny how it happened ... 

You wouldnt believe how many people, even people 
who work at the Ministry, cant do a decent Shield 
Charm, said George.  Course, they didnt have you 
teaching them, Harry. 

Thats right. ... Well, we thought Shield Hats were a 
bit of a laugh, you know, challenge your mate to jinx 
you while wearing it and watch his face when the jinx 
just bounces off. But the Ministry bought five 
hundred for all its support staff! And were still 
getting massive orders! 

So weve expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks, 
Shield Gloves ... 

"... I mean, they wouldnt help much against the 
Unforgivable Curses, but for minor to moderate hexes 
or jinxes ... 

And then we thought wed get into the whole area of 
Defense Against the Dark Arts, because its such a 
money spinner, continued George enthusiastically. 
This is cool. Look, Instant Darkness Powder, were 



  132 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




importing it from Peru. Handy if you want to make a 
quick escape. 

And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the 
shelves, look, said Fred, pointing at a number of 
weirdlooking black horntype objects that were 
indeed attempting to scurry out of sight. You just 
drop one surreptitiously and itll run off and make a 
nice loud noise out of sight, giving you a diversion if 
you need one. 

Handy, said Harry, impressed. 

Here, said George, catching a couple and throwing 
them to Harry. 

A young witch with short blonde hair poked her head 
around the curtain; Harry saw that she too was 
wearing magenta staff robes. 

Theres a customer out here looking for a joke 
cauldron, Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley, she said. 

Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George 
called Mr. Weasley, but they took it in their stride. 

Right you are, Verity, Im coming, said George 
promptly. Harry, you help yourself to anything you 
want, all right? No charge. 

I cant do that! said Harry, who had already pulled 
out his money bag to pay for the Decoy Detonators. 

You dont pay here, said Fred firmly, waving away 
Harrys gold. 

But   



  133 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You gave us our startup loan, we havent forgotten, 
said George sternly. Take whatever you like, and just 
remember to tell people where you got it, if they ask. 

George swept off through the curtain to help with the 
customers, and Fred led Harry back into the main 
part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still 
poring over the Patented Daydream Charms. 

Havent you girls found our special WonderWitch 
products yet? asked Fred. Follow me, ladies. ... 

Near the window was an array of violently pink 
products around which a cluster of excited girls was 
giggling enthusiastically. Hermione and Ginny both 
hung back, looking wary. 

There you go, said Fred proudly. Best range of love 
potions youll find anywhere. 

Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. Do they work? 
she asked. 

Certainly they work, for up to twentyfour hours at a 
time depending on the weight of the boy in question 



  and the attractiveness of the girl, said George, 
reappearing suddenly at their side. But were not 
selling them to our sister, he added, becoming 
suddenly stern, not when shes already got about five 
boys on the go from what weve   

Whatever youve heard from Ron is a big fat lie, said 
Ginny calmly, leaning forward to take a small pink 
pot off the shelf. Whats this? 

Guaranteed tensecond pimple vanisher, said Fred. 
Excellent on everything from boils to blackheads, but 

  134 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




dont change the subject. Are you or are you not 
currently going out with a boy called Dean Thomas? 

Yes, I am, said Ginny. And last time I looked, he 
was definitely one boy, not five. What are those? 

She was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff 
in shades of pink and purple, all rolling around the 
bottom of a cage and emitting highpitched squeaks. 

Pygmy Puffs, said George. Miniature puffskeins, we 
cant breed them fast enough. So what about Michael 
Corner? 

I dumped him, he was a bad loser, said Ginny, 
putting a finger through the bars of the cage and 
watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around it. Theyre 
really cute! 

Theyre fairly cuddly, yes, conceded Fred. But 
youre moving through boyfriends a bit fast, arent 
you? 

Ginny turned to look at him, her hands on her hips. 
There was such a Mrs. Weasleyish glare on her face 
that Harry was surprised Fred didnt recoil. 

Its none of your business. And Ill thank you, she 
added angrily to Ron, who had just appeared at 
Georges elbow, laden with merchandise, not to tell 
tales about me to these two! 

Thats three Galleons, nine Sickles, and a Knut, said 
Fred, examining the many boxes in Rons arms. 
Cough up. 

Im your brother! 



  135 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And thats our stuff youre nicking. Three Galleons, 
nine Sickles. Ill knock off the Knut. 

But I havent got three Galleons, nine Sickles! 

Youd better put it back then, and mind you put it on 
the right shelves. 

Ron dropped several boxes, swore, and made a rude 
hand gesture at Fred that was unfortunately spotted 
by Mrs. Weasley, who had chosen that moment to 
appear. 

If I see you do that again Ill jinx your fingers 
together, she said sharply. 

Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff? said Ginny at once. 
A what? said Mrs. Weasley warily. 

Look, theyre so sweet. ... 

Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs, 
and Harry, Ron, and Hermione momentarily had an 
unimpeded view out of the window. Draco Malfoy was 
hurrying up the street alone. As he passed Weasleys 
Wizard Wheezes, he glanced over his shoulder. 
Seconds later, he moved beyond the scope of the 
window and they lost sight of him. 

Wonder where his mummy is? said Harry, frowning. 

Given her the slip by the looks of it, said Ron. 

Why, though? said Hermione. 

Harry said nothing; he was thinking too hard. 

Narcissa Malfoy would not have let her precious son 
out of her sight willingly; Malfoy must have made a 

  136 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




real effort to free himself from her clutches. Harry, 
knowing and loathing Malfoy, was sure the reason 
could not be innocent. 

He glanced around. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were 
bending over the Pygmy Puffs. Mr. Weasley was 
delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked 
playing cards. Fred and George were both helping 
customers. On the other side of the glass, Hagrid was 
standing with his back to them, looking up and down 
the street. 

Get under here, quick, said Harry, pulling his 
Invisibility Cloak out of his bag. 

Oh  I dont know, Harry, said Hermione, looking 
uncertainly toward Mrs. Weasley. 

Come on\ said Ron. 

She hesitated for a second longer, then ducked under 
the cloak with Harry and Ron. Nobody noticed them 
vanish; they were all too interested in Fred and 
Georges products. Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
squeezed their way out of the door as quickly as they 
could, but by the time they gained the street, Malfoy 
had disappeared just as successfully as they had. 

He was going in that direction, murmured Harry as 
quietly as possible, so that the humming Hagrid 
would not hear them. Cmon. 

They scurried along, peering left and right, through 
shop windows and doors, until Hermione pointed 
ahead. 

Thats him, isnt it? she whispered. Turning left? 
Big surprise, whispered Ron. 

  137 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




For Malfoy had glanced around, then slid into 
Knockturn Alley and out of sight. 



Quick, or well lose him, said Harry, speeding up. 

Our feetll be seen! said Hermione anxiously, as the 
cloak flapped a little around their ankles; it was much 
more difficult hiding all three of them under the cloak 
nowadays. 

It doesnt matter, said Harry impatiently. Just 
hurry! 

But Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the 
Dark Arts, looked completely deserted. They peered 
into windows as they passed, but none of the shops 
seemed to have any customers at all. Harry supposed 
it was a bit of a giveaway in these dangerous and 
suspicious times to buy Dark artifacts  or at least, 
to be seen buying them. 

Hermione gave his arm a hard pinch. 

Ouch! 

Shh! Look! Hes in there! she breathed in Harrys 
ear. 

They had drawn level with the only shop in 
Knockturn Alley that Harry had ever visited, Borgin 
and Burkes, which sold a wide variety of sinister 
objects. There in the midst of the cases full of skulls 
and old bottles stood Draco Malfoy with his back to 
them, just visible beyond the very same large black 
cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid 
Malfoy and his father. Judging by the movements of 
Malfoys hands, he was talking animatedly. The 
proprietor of the shop, Mr. Borgin, an oilyhaired, 



  138 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




stooping man, stood facing Malfoy. He was wearing a 
curious expression of mingled resentment and fear. 



If only we could hear what theyre saying! said 
Hermione. 

We can! said Ron excitedly. Hang on  damn   

He dropped a couple more of the boxes he was still 
clutching as he fumbled with the largest. 

Extendable Ears, look! 

Fantastic! said Hermione, as Ron unraveled the 
long, fleshcolored strings and began to feed them 
toward the bottom of the door. Oh, I hope the door 
isnt Imperturbable   

No! said Ron gleefully. Listen! 

They put their heads together and listened intently to 
the ends of the strings, through which Malfoys voice 
could be heard loud and clear, as though a radio had 
been turned on. 

"... you know how to fix it? 

Possibly, said Borgin, in a tone that suggested he 
was unwilling to commit himself. Ill need to see it, 
though. Why dont you bring it into the shop? 

I cant, said Malfoy. Its got to stay put. I just need 
you to tell me how to do it. 

Harry saw Borgin lick his lips nervously. 

Well, without seeing it, I must say it will be a very 
difficult job, perhaps impossible. I couldnt guarantee 
anything. 

  139 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No? said Malfoy, and Harry knew, just by his tone, 
that Malfoy was sneering. Perhaps this will make you 
more confident. 

He moved toward Borgin and was blocked from view 
by the cabinet. Harry, Ron, and Hermione shuffled 
sideways to try and keep him in sight, but all they 
could see was Borgin, looking very frightened. 

Tell anyone, said Malfoy, and there will be 
retribution. You know Fenrir Greyback? Hes a family 
friend. Hell be dropping in from time to time to make 
sure youre giving the problem your full attention. 

There will be no need for   

Ill decide that, said Malfoy. Well, Id better be off. 
And dont forget to keep that one safe, Ill need it. 

Perhaps youd like to take it now? 

No, of course I wouldnt, you stupid little man, how 
would I look carrying that down the street? Just dont 
sell it. 

Of course not ... sir. 

Borgin made a bow as deep as the one Harry had 
once seen him give Lucius Malfoy. 

Not a word to anyone, Borgin, and that includes my 
mother, understand? 

Naturally, naturally, murmured Borgin, bowing 
again. 

Next moment, the bell over the door tinkled loudly as 
Malfoy stalked out of the shop looking very pleased 
with himself. He passed so close to Harry, Ron, and 

  140 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hermione that they felt the cloak flutter around their 
knees again. Inside the shop, Borgin remained frozen; 
his unctuous smile had vanished; he looked worried. 

What was that about? whispered Ron, reeling in the 
Extendable Ears. 

Dunno, said Harry, thinking hard. He wants 
something mended . . . and he wants to reserve 
something in there. ... Could you see what he pointed 
at when he said that one? 

No, he was behind that cabinet   

You two stay here, whispered Hermione. 

What are you  ? 

But Hermione had already ducked out from under the 
cloak. She checked her hair in the reflection in the 
glass, then marched into the shop, setting the bell 
tinkling again. Ron hastily fed the Extendable Ears 
back under the door and passed one of the strings to 
Harry. 

Hello, horrible morning, isnt it? Hermione said 
brightly to Borgin, who did not answer, but cast her a 
suspicious look. Humming cheerily, Hermione strolled 
through the jumble of objects on display. 

Is this necklace for sale? she asked, pausing beside 
a glassfronted case. 

If youve got one and a half thousand Galleons, said 
Mr. Borgin coldly. 

Oh  er  no, I havent got quite that much, said 
Hermione, walking on. And ... what about this lovely 
 um  skull? 

  141 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Sixteen Galleons. 



So its for sale, then? It isnt being ... kept for 
anyone? 

Mr. Borgin squinted at her. Harry had the nasty 
feeling he knew exactly what Hermione was up to. 
Apparently Hermione felt she had been rumbled too 
because she suddenly threw caution to the winds. 

The thing is, that  er  boy who was in here just 
now, Draco Malfoy, well, hes a friend of mine, and I 
want to get him a birthday present, but if hes already 
reserved anything, I obviously dont want to get him 
the same thing, so ... um ... 

It was a pretty lame story in Harrys opinion, and 
apparently Borgin thought so too. 

Out, he said sharply. Get out! 

Hermione did not wait to be asked twice, but hurried 
to the door with Borgin at her heels. As the bell 
tinkled again, Borgin slammed the door behind her 
and put up the closed sign. 

Ah well, said Ron, throwing the cloak back over 
Hermione. Worth a try, but you were a bit obvious  



Well, next time you can show me how its done, 
Master of Mystery! she snapped. 

Ron and Hermione bickered all the way back to 
Weasleys Wizard Wheezes, where they were forced to 
stop so that they could dodge undetected around a 
very anxiouslooking Mrs. Weasley and Hagrid, who 
had clearly noticed their absence. Once in the shop, 
Harry whipped off the Invisibility Cloak, hid it in his 
  142 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




bag, and joined in with the other two when they 
insisted, in answer to Mrs. Weasleys accusations, 
that they had been in the back room all along, and 
that she could not have looked properly. 



  143 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




7 




THE SLUG CLUB 

Harry spent a lot of the last week of the holidays 
pondering the meaning of Malfoys behavior in 
Knockturn Alley. What disturbed him most was the 
satisfied look on Malfoys face as he had left the shop. 
Nothing that made Malfoy look that happy could be 
good news. To his slight annoyance, however, neither 
Ron nor Hermione seemed quite as curious about 
Malfoys activities as he was; or at least, they seemed 
to get bored of discussing it after a few days. 

Yes, Ive already agreed it was fishy, Harry, said 
Hermione a little impatiently. She was sitting on the 
windowsill in Fred and Georges room with her feet up 
on one of the cardboard boxes and had only 
grudgingly looked up from her new copy of Advanced 
Rune Translation. But havent we agreed there could 
be a lot of explanations? 

Maybe hes broken his Hand of Glory, said Ron 
vaguely, as he attempted to straighten his 



  144 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



broomsticks bent tail twigs. Remember that 
shriveledup arm Malfoy had? 

But what about when he said, Dont forget to keep 
that one safe? asked Harry for the umpteenth time. 
That sounded to me like Borgins got another one of 
the broken objects, and Malfoy wants both. 

You reckon? said Ron, now trying to scrape some 
dirt off his broom handle. 

Yeah, I do, said Harry. When neither Ron nor 
Hermione answered, he said, Malfoys fathers in 
Azkaban. Dont you think Malfoyd like revenge? 

Ron looked up, blinking. 

Malfoy, revenge? What can he do about it? 

Thats my point, I dont know! said Harry, 
frustrated. But hes up to something and I think we 
should take it seriously. His fathers a Death Eater 
and   

Harry broke off, his eyes fixed on the window behind 
Hermione, his mouth open. A startling thought had 
just occurred to him. 

Harry? said Hermione in an anxious voice. Whats 
wrong? 

Your scars not hurting again, is it? asked Ron 
nervously. 

Hes a Death Eater, said Harry slowly. Hes 
replaced his father as a Death Eater! 



  145 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There was a silence; then Ron erupted in laughter. 
Malfoy? Hes sixteen, Harry! You think YouKnow 
Who would let Malfoy join? 

It seems very unlikely, Harry, said Hermione in a 
repressive sort of voice. What makes you think  ? 

In Madam Malkins. She didnt touch him, but he 
yelled and jerked his arm away from her when she 
went to roll up his sleeve. It was his left arm. Hes 
been branded with the Dark Mark. 

Ron and Hermione looked at each other. 

Well ... said Ron, sounding thoroughly unconvinced. 

I think he just wanted to get out of there, Harry, 
said Hermione. 

He showed Borgin something we couldnt see, Harry 
pressed on stubbornly. Something that seriously 
scared Borgin. It was the Mark, I know it  he was 
showing Borgin who he was dealing with, you saw 
how seriously Borgin took him! 

Ron and Hermione exchanged another look. 

Im not sure, Harry. ... 

Yeah, I still dont reckon YouKnowWho would let 
Malfoy join. ... 

Annoyed, but absolutely convinced he was right, 

Harry snatched up a pile of filthy Quidditch robes and 
left the room; Mrs. Weasley had been urging them for 
days not to leave their washing and packing until the 
last moment. On the landing he bumped into Ginny, 
who was returning to her room carrying a pile of 
freshly laundered clothes. 

  146 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I wouldnt go in the kitchen just now, she warned 
him. Theres a lot of Phlegm around. 



Ill be careful not to slip in it. Harry smiled. 

Sure enough, when he entered the kitchen it was to 
find Fleur sitting at the kitchen table, in full flow 
about plans for her wedding to Bill, while Mrs. 
Weasley kept watch over a pile of selfpeeling sprouts, 
looking badtempered. 

... Bill and I ave almost decided on only two 
bridesmaids, Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet 
togezzer. I am theenking of dressing zem in pale gold 
 pink would of course be orrible with Ginnys air  



Ah, Harry! said Mrs. Weasley loudly, cutting across 
Fleurs monologue. Good, I wanted to explain about 
the security arrangements for the journey to 
Hogwarts tomorrow. Weve got Ministry cars again, 
and there will be Aurors waiting at the station   

Is Tonks going to be there? asked Harry, handing 
over his Quidditch things. 

No, I dont think so, shes been stationed somewhere 
else from what Arthur said. 

She has let erself go, zat Tonks, Fleur mused, 
examining her own stunning reflection in the back of 
a teaspoon. A big mistake if you ask   

Yes, thank you, said Mrs. Weasley tartly, cutting 
across Fleur again. Youd better get on, Harry, I want 
the trunks ready tonight, if possible, so we dont have 
the usual lastminute scramble. 



  147 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And in fact, their departure the following morning was 
smoother than usual. The Ministry cars glided up to 
the front of the Burrow to find them waiting, trunks 
packed; Hermiones cat, Crookshanks, safely enclosed 
in his traveling basket; and Hedwig; Rons owl, 
Pigwidgeon; and Ginnys new purple Pygmy Puff, 
Arnold, in cages. 

Au revoir, Ariy, said Fleur throatily, kissing him 
goodbye. Ron hurried forward, looking hopeful, but 
Ginny stuck out her foot and Ron fell, sprawling in 
the dust at Fleurs feet. Furious, redfaced, and dirt 
spattered, he hurried into the car without saying 
goodbye. 

There was no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at 
Kings Cross Station. Instead, two grimfaced, 
bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suits moved forward 
the moment the cars stopped and, flanking the party, 
marched them into the station without speaking. 

Quick, quick, through the barrier, said Mrs. 

Weasley, who seemed a little flustered by this austere 
efficiency. Harry had better go first, with   

She looked inquiringly at one of the Aurors, who 
nodded briefly, seized Harrys upper arm, and 
attempted to steer him toward the barrier between 
platforms nine and ten. 

I can walk, thanks, said Harry irritably, jerking his 
arm out of the Aurors grip. He pushed his trolley 
directly at the solid barrier, ignoring his silent 
companion, and found himself, a second later, 
standing on platform nine and threequarters, where 
the scarlet Hogwarts Express stood belching steam 
over the crowd. 



  148 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hermione and the Weasleys joined him within 
seconds. Without waiting to consult his grimfaced 
Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow 
him up the platform, looking for an empty 
compartment. 

We cant, Harry, said Hermione, looking apologetic. 
Ron and Ive got to go to the prefects carriage first 
and then patrol the corridors for a bit. 

Oh yeah, I forgot, said Harry. 

Youd better get straight on the train, all of you, 
youve only got a few minutes to go, said Mrs. 
Weasley, consulting her watch. Well, have a lovely 
term, Ron. ... 

Mr. Weasley, can I have a quick word? said Harry, 
making up his mind on the spur of the moment. 

Of course, said Mr. Weasley, who looked slightly 
surprised, but followed Harry out of earshot of the 
others nevertheless. 

Harry had thought it through carefully and come to 
the conclusion that, if he was to tell anyone, Mr. 
Weasley was the right person; firstly, because he 
worked at the Ministry and was therefore in the best 
position to make further investigations, and secondly, 
because he thought that there was not too much risk 
of Mr. Weasley exploding with anger. 

He could see Mrs. Weasley and the grimfaced Auror 
casting the pair of them suspicious looks as they 
moved away. 

When we were in Diagon Alley, Harry began, but Mr. 
Weasley forestalled him with a grimace. 



  149 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Am I about to discover where you, Ron, and 
Hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to 
be in the back room of Fred and Georges shop? 

How did you  ? 

Harry, please. Youre talking to the man who raised 
Fred and George. 

Er ... yeah, all right, we werent in the back room. 

Very well, then, lets hear the worst. 

Well, we followed Draco Malfoy. We used my 
Invisibility Cloak. 

Did you have any particular reason for doing so, or 
was it a mere whim? 

Because I thought Malfoy was up to something, said 
Harry, disregarding Mr. Weasleys look of mingled 
exasperation and amusement. Hed given his mother 
the slip and I wanted to know why. 

Of course you did, said Mr. Weasley, sounding 
resigned. Well? Did you find out why? 

He went into Borgin and Burkes, said Harry, and 
started bullying the bloke in there, Borgin, to help 
him fix something. And he said he wanted Borgin to 
keep something else for him. He made it sound like it 
was the same kind of thing that needed fixing. Like 
they were a pair. And ... 

Harry took a deep breath. 

Theres something else. We saw Malfoy jump about a 
mile when Madam Malkin tried to touch his left arm. I 



  150 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




think hes been branded with the Dark Mark. I think 
hes replaced his father as a Death Eater. 

Mr. Weasley looked taken aback. After a moment he 
said, Harry, I doubt whether YouKnowWho would 
allow a sixteenyearold   

Does anyone really know what YouKnowWho would 
or wouldnt do? asked Harry angrily. Mr. Weasley, 
Im sorry, but isnt it worth investigating? If Malfoy 
wants something fixing, and he needs to threaten 
Borgin to get it done, its probably something Dark or 
dangerous, isnt it? 

I doubt it, to be honest, Harry, said Mr. Weasley 
slowly. You see, when Lucius Malfoy was arrested, 
we raided his house. We took away everything that 
might have been dangerous. 

I think you missed something, said Harry 
stubbornly. 

Well, maybe, said Mr. Weasley, but Harry could tell 
that Mr. Weasley was humoring him. 

There was a whistle behind them; nearly everyone 
had boarded the train and the doors were closing. 

Youd better hurry, said Mr. Weasley, as Mrs. 
Weasley cried, Harry, quickly! 

He hurried forward and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley helped 
him load his trunk onto the train. 

Now, dear, youre coming to us for Christmas, its all 
fixed with Dumbledore, so well see you quite soon, 
said Mrs. Weasley through the window, as Harry 
slammed the door shut behind him and the train 



  151 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




began to move. You make sure you look after 
yourself and   



The train was gathering speed. 

  be good and   

She was jogging to keep up now. 
stay safe! 

Harry waved until the train had turned a corner and 
Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were lost to view, then turned 
to see where the others had got to. He supposed Ron 
and Hermione were cloistered in the prefects 
carriage, but Ginny was a little way along the 
corridor, chatting to some friends. He made his way 
toward her, dragging his trunk. 

People stared shamelessly as he approached. They 
even pressed their faces against the windows of their 
compartments to get a look at him. He had expected 
an upswing in the amount of gaping and gawping he 
would have to endure this term after all the Chosen 
One rumors in the Daily Prophet, but he did not 
enjoy the sensation of standing in a very bright 
spotlight. He tapped Ginny on the shoulder. 

Fancy trying to find a compartment? 

I cant, Harry, I said Id meet Dean, said Ginny 
brightly. See you later. 

Right, said Harry. He felt a strange twinge of 
annoyance as she walked away, her long red hair 
dancing behind her; he had become so used to her 
presence over the summer that he had almost 
forgotten that Ginny did not hang around with him, 
Ron, and Hermione while at school. Then he blinked 
  152 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and looked around: He was surrounded by 
mesmerized girls. 

Hi, Harry! said a familiar voice from behind him. 

Neville! said Harry in relief, turning to see a round 
faced boy struggling toward him. 

Hello, Harry, said a girl with long hair and large 
misty eyes, who was just behind Neville. 

Luna, hi, how are you? 

Very well, thank you, said Luna. She was clutching 
a magazine to her chest; large letters on the front 
announced that there was a pair of free Spectrespecs 
inside. 

Quibbler still going strong, then? asked Harry, who 
felt a certain fondness for the magazine, having given 
it an exclusive interview the previous year. 

Oh yes, circulations well up, said Luna happily. 

Lets find seats, said Harry, and the three of them 
set off along the train through hordes of silently 
staring students. At last they found an empty 
compartment, and Harry hurried inside gratefully. 

Theyre even staring at us! said Neville, indicating 
himself and Luna. Because were with you! 

Theyre staring at you because you were at the 
Ministry too, said Harry, as he hoisted his trunk into 
the luggage rack. Our little adventure there was all 
over the Daily Prophet, you mustve seen it. 

Yes, I thought Gran would be angry about all the 
publicity, said Neville, but she was really pleased. 

  153 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Says Im starting to live up to my dad at long last. She 
bought me a new wand, look! 



He pulled it out and showed it to Harry. 

Cherry and unicorn hair, he said proudly. We think 
it was one of the last Ollivander ever sold, he 
vanished next day  oi, come back here, Trevor! 

And he dived under the seat to retrieve his toad as it 
made one of its frequent bids for freedom. 

Are we still doing D.A. meetings this year, Harry? 
asked Luna, who was detaching a pair of psychedelic 
spectacles from the middle of The Quibbler. 

No point now weve got rid of Umbridge, is there? 
said Harry, sitting down. Neville bumped his head 
against the seat as he emerged from under it. He 
looked most disappointed. 

I liked the D.A.! I learned loads with you! 

I enjoyed the meetings too, said Luna serenely. It 
was like having friends. 

This was one of those uncomfortable things Luna 
often said and which made Harry feel a squirming 
mixture of pity and embarrassment. Before he could 
respond, however, there was a disturbance outside 
their compartment door; a group of fourthyear girls 
was whispering and giggling together on the other 
side of the glass. 

You ask him! 

No, you! 

Ill do it! 

  154 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And one of them, a boldlooking girl with large dark 
eyes, a prominent chin, and long black hair pushed 
her way through the door. 

Hi, Harry, Im Romilda, Romilda Vane, she said 
loudly and confidently. Why dont you join us in our 
compartment? You dont have to sit with them, she 
added in a stage whisper, indicating Nevilles bottom, 
which was sticking out from under the seat again as 
he groped around for Trevor, and Luna, who was now 
wearing her free Spectrespecs, which gave her the 
look of a demented, multicolored owl. 

Theyre friends of mine, said Harry coldly. 

Oh, said the girl, looking very surprised. Oh. 

Okay. 

And she withdrew, sliding the door closed behind her. 

People expect you to have cooler friends than us, 
said Luna, once again displaying her knack for 
embarrassing honesty. 

You are cool, said Harry shortly. None of them was 
at the Ministry. They didnt fight with me. 

Thats a very nice thing to say, beamed Luna. Then 
she pushed her Spectrespecs farther up her nose and 
settled down to read The Quibbler. 

We didnt face him, though, said Neville, emerging 
from under the seat with fluff and dust in his hair 
and a resignedlooking Trevor in his hand. You did. 
You should hear my gran talk about you. That Harry 
Potters got more backbone than the whole Ministry of 
Magic put together*. Shed give anything to have you 
as a grandson. ... 



  155 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry laughed uncomfortably and changed the 
subject to O.W.L. results as soon as he could. While 
Neville recited his grades and wondered aloud 
whether he would be allowed to take a 
Transfiguration N.E.W.T. with only an Acceptable, 
Harry watched him without really listening. 

Nevilles childhood had been blighted by Voldemort 
just as much as Harrys had, but Neville had no idea 
how close he had come to having Harrys destiny. The 
prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, 
for his own inscrutable reasons, Voldemort had 
chosen to believe that Harry was the one meant. 

Had Voldemort chosen Neville, it would be Neville 
sitting opposite Harry bearing the lightningshaped 
scar and the weight of the prophecy. ... Or would it? 
Would Nevilles mother have died to save him, as Lily 
had died for Harry? Surely she would. ... But what if 
she had been unable to stand between her son and 
Voldemort? Would there then have been no Chosen 
One at all? An empty seat where Neville now sat and 
a scarless Harry who would have been kissed good 
bye by his own mother, not Rons? 

You all right, Harry? You look funny, said Neville. 

Harry started. Sorry  I   

Wrackspurt got you? asked Luna sympathetically, 
peering at Harry through her enormous colored 
spectacles. 

I  what? 

A Wrackspurt ... Theyre invisible. They float in 
through your ears and make your brain go fuzzy, she 
said. I thought I felt one zooming around in here. 



  156 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She flapped her hands at thin air, as though beating 
off large invisible moths. Harry and Neville caught 
each others eyes and hastily began to talk of 
Quidditch. 

The weather beyond the train windows was as patchy 
as it had been all summer; they passed through 
stretches of the chilling mist, then out into weak, 
clear sunlight. It was during one of the clear spells, 
when the sun was visible almost directly overhead, 
that Ron and Hermione entered the compartment at 
last. 

Wish the lunch trolley would hurry up, Im starving, 
said Ron longingly, slumping into the seat beside 
Harry and rubbing his stomach. Hi, Neville. Hi, 

Luna. Guess what? he added, turning to Harry. 
Malfoys not doing prefect duty. Hes just sitting in 
his compartment with the other Slytherins, we saw 
him when we passed. 

Harry sat up straight, interested. It was not like 
Malfoy to pass up the chance to demonstrate his 
power as prefect, which he had happily abused all the 
previous year. 

What did he do when he saw you? 

The usual, said Ron indifferently, demonstrating a 
rude hand gesture. Not like him, though, is it? Well 
 that is  he did the hand gesture again  but 
why isnt he out there bullying first years? 

Dunno, said Harry, but his mind was racing. Didnt 
this look as though Malfoy had more important things 
on his mind than bullying younger students? 



  157 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Maybe he preferred the Inquisitorial Squad, said 
Hermione. Maybe being a prefect seems a bit tame 
after that. 



I dont think so, said Harry. I think hes   

But before he could expound on his theory, the 
compartment door slid open again and a breathless 
third year girl stepped inside. 

Im supposed to deliver these to Neville Longbottom 
and Harry PPotter, she faltered, as her eyes met 
Harrys and she turned scarlet. She was holding out 
two scrolls of parchment tied with violet ribbon. 
Perplexed, Harry and Neville took the scroll addressed 
to each of them and the girl stumbled back out of the 
compartment. 

What is it? Ron demanded, as Harry unrolled his. 
An invitation, said Harry. 

Harry, 

I would be delighted if you would join me for a bite of 
lunch in compartment C. 

Sincerely, 

Professor H. E. F. Slug horn 

Whos Professor Slughorn? asked Neville, looking 
perplexedly at his own invitation. 

New teacher, said Harry. Well, I suppose well have 
to go, wont we? 

But what does he want me for? asked Neville 
nervously, as though he was expecting detention. 

  158 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No idea, said Harry, which was not entirely true, 
though he had no proof yet that his hunch was 
correct. Listen, he added, seized by a sudden brain 
wave, lets go under the Invisibility Cloak, then we 
might get a good look at Malfoy on the way, see what 
hes up to. 

This idea, however, came to nothing: The corridors, 
which were packed with people on the lookout for the 
lunch trolley, were impossible to negotiate while 
wearing the cloak. Harry stowed it regretfully back in 
his bag, reflecting that it would have been nice to 
wear it just to avoid all the staring, which seemed to 
have increased in intensity even since he had last 
walked down the train. Every now and then, students 
would hurtle out of their compartments to get a better 
look at him. The exception was Cho Chang, who 
darted into her compartment when she saw Harry 
coming. As Harry passed the window, he saw her 
deep in determined conversation with her friend 
Marietta, who was wearing a very thick layer of 
makeup that did not entirely obscure the odd 
formation of pimples still etched across her face. 
Smirking slightly, Harry pushed on. 

When they reached compartment C, they saw at once 
that they were not Slughorns only invitees, although 
judging by the enthusiasm of Slughorns welcome, 
Harry was the most warmly anticipated. 

Harry, mboy! said Slughorn, jumping up at the 
sight of him so that his great velvetcovered belly 
seemed to fill all the remaining space in the 
compartment. His shiny bald head and great silvery 
mustache gleamed as brightly in the sunlight as the 
golden buttons on his waistcoat. Good to see you, 
good to see you! And you must be Mr. Longbottom! 



  159 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Neville nodded, looking scared. At a gesture from 
Slughorn, they sat down opposite each other in the 
only two empty seats, which were nearest the door. 
Harry glanced around at their fellow guests. He 
recognized a Slytherin from their year, a tall black boy 
with high cheekbones and long, slanting eyes; there 
were also two seventhyear boys Harry did not know 
and, squashed in the corner beside Slughorn and 
looking as though she was not entirely sure how she 
had got there, Ginny. 

Now, do you know everyone? Slughorn asked Harry 
and Neville. Blaise Zabini is in your year, of course  



Zabini did not make any sign of recognition or 
greeting, nor did Harry or Neville: Gryffindor and 
Slytherin students loathed each other on principle. 

This is Cormac McLaggen, perhaps youve come 
across each other  ? No? 

McLaggen, a large, wiryhaired youth, raised a hand, 
and Harry and Neville nodded back at him. 

  and this is Marcus Belby, I dont know whether  
? 

Belby, who was thin and nervouslooking, gave a 
strained smile. 

  and this charming young lady tells me she knows 
you! Slughorn finished. 

Ginny grimaced at Harry and Neville from behind 
Slughorns back. 

Well now, this is most pleasant, said Slughorn 
cozily. A chance to get to know you all a little better. 

  160 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Here, take a napkin. Ive packed my own lunch; the 
trolley, as I remember it, is heavy on licorice wands, 
and a poor old mans digestive system isnt quite up 
to such things. ... Pheasant, Belby? 

Belby started and accepted what looked like half a 
cold pheasant. 

I was just telling young Marcus here that I had the 
pleasure of teaching his Uncle Damocles, Slughorn 
told Harry and Neville, now passing around a basket 
of rolls. Outstanding wizard, outstanding, and his 
Order of Merlin most welldeserved. Do you see much 
of your uncle, Marcus? 

Unfortunately, Belby had just taken a large mouthful 
of pheasant; in his haste to answer Slughorn he 
swallowed too fast, turned purple, and began to 
choke. 

Anapneo, said Slughorn calmly, pointing his wand 
at Belby, whose airway seemed to clear at once. 

Not ... not much of him, no, gasped Belby, his eyes 
streaming. 

Well, of course, I daresay hes busy, said Slughorn, 
looking questioningly at Belby. I doubt he invented 
the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard 
work! 

I suppose ... said Belby, who seemed afraid to take 
another bite of pheasant until he was sure that 
Slughorn had finished with him. Er ... he and my 
dad dont get on very well, you see, so I dont really 
know much about ... 

His voice tailed away as Slughorn gave him a cold 
smile and turned to McLaggen instead. 

  161 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Now, you, Cormac, said Slughorn, I happen to 
know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius, because he 
has a rather splendid picture of the two of you 
hunting nogtails in, I think, Norfolk? 

Oh, yeah, that was fun, that was, said McLaggen. 
We went with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour  
this was before he became Minister, obviously   

Ah, you know Bertie and Rufus too? beamed 
Slughorn, now offering around a small tray of pies; 
somehow, Belby was missed out. Now tell me ... 

It was as Harry had suspected. Everyone here seemed 
to have been invited because they were connected to 
somebody wellknown or influential  everyone 
except Ginny. Zabini, who was interrogated after 
McLaggen, turned out to have a famously beautiful 
witch for a mother (from what Harry could make out, 
she had been married seven times, each of her 
husbands dying mysteriously and leaving her mounds 
of gold). It was Nevilles turn next: This was a very 
uncomfortable ten minutes, for Nevilles parents, well 
known Aurors, had been tortured into insanity by 
Bellatrix Lestrange and a couple of Death Eater 
cronies. At the end of Nevilles interview, Harry had 
the impression that Slughorn was reserving judgment 
on Neville, yet to see whether he had any of his 
parents flair. 

And now, said Slughorn, shifting massively in his 
seat with the air of a compere introducing his star 
act. Harry Potter! Where to begin? I feel I barely 
scratched the surface when we met over the summer! 
He contemplated Harry for a moment as though he 
was a particularly large and succulent piece of 
pheasant, then said,  The Chosen One, theyre 
calling you now! 



  162 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry said nothing. Belby, McLaggen, and Zabini 
were all staring at him. 



Of course, said Slughorn, watching Harry closely, 
there have been rumors for years. ... I remember 
when  well  after that terrible night  Lily  
James  and you survived  and the word was that 
you must have powers beyond the ordinary   

Zabini gave a tiny little cough that was clearly 
supposed to indicate amused skepticism. An angry 
voice burst out from behind Slughorn. 

Yeah, Zabini, because youre so talented ... at posing. 



Oh dear! chuckled Slughorn comfortably, looking 
around at Ginny, who was glaring at Zabini around 
Slughorn s great belly. You want to be careful, Blaise! 
I saw this young lady perform the most marvelous 
BatBogey Hex as I was passing her carriage! I 
wouldnt cross her! 

Zabini merely looked contemptuous. 

Anyway, said Slughorn, turning back to Harry. 

Such rumors this summer. Of course, one doesnt 
know what to believe, the Prophet has been known to 
print inaccuracies, make mistakes  but there seems 
little doubt, given the number of witnesses, that there 
was quite a disturbance at the Ministry and that you 
were there in the thick of it all! 

Harry, who could not see any way out of this without 
flatly lying, nodded but still said nothing. Slughorn 
beamed at him. 

So modest, so modest, no wonder Dumbledore is so 
fond  you were there, then? But the rest of the 

  163 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




stories  so sensational, of course, one doesnt know 
quite what to believe  this fabled prophecy, for 
instance   

We never heard a prophecy, said Neville, turning 
geranium pink as he said it. 

Thats right, said Ginny staunchly. Neville and I 
were both there too, and all this Chosen One rubbish 
is just the Prophet making things up as usual. 

You were both there too, were you? said Slughorn 
with great interest, looking from Ginny to Neville, but 
both of them sat clamlike before his encouraging 
smile. 

Yes . . . well ... it is true that the Prophet often 
exaggerates, of course. ... Slughorn said, sounding a 
little disappointed. I remember dear Gwenog telling 
me (Gwenog Jones, I mean, of course, Captain of the 
Holyhead Harpies)   

He meandered off into a longwinded reminiscence, 
but Harry had the distinct impression that Slughorn 
had not finished with him, and that he had not been 
convinced by Neville and Ginny. 

The afternoon wore on with more anecdotes about 
illustrious wizards Slughorn had taught, all of whom 
had been delighted to join what he called the Slug 
Club at Hogwarts. Harry could not wait to leave, but 
couldnt see how to do so politely. Finally the train 
emerged from yet another long misty stretch into a 
red sunset, and Slughorn looked around, blinking in 
the twilight. 

Good gracious, its getting dark already! I didnt 
notice that theyd lit the lamps! Youd better go and 
change into your robes, all of you. McLaggen, you 

  164 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




must drop by and borrow that book on nogtails. 

Harry, Blaise  any time youre passing. Same goes 
for you, miss, he twinkled at Ginny. Well, off you go, 
off you go! 

As he pushed past Harry into the darkening corridor, 
Zabini shot him a filthy look that Harry returned with 
interest. He, Ginny, and Neville followed Zabini back 
along the train. 

Im glad thats over, muttered Neville. Strange man, 
isnt he? 

Yeah, he is a bit, said Harry, his eyes on Zabini. 
How come you ended up in there, Ginny? 

He saw me hex Zacharias Smith, said Ginny. You 
remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who was in the 
D.A.? He kept on and on asking about what happened 
at the Ministry and in the end he annoyed me so 
much I hexed him  when Slughorn came in I 
thought I was going to get detention, but he just 
thought it was a really good hex and invited me to 
lunch! Mad, eh? 

Better reason for inviting someone than because 
their mothers famous, said Harry, scowling at the 
back of Zabini s head, or because their uncle   

But he broke off. An idea had just occurred to him, a 
reckless but potentially wonderful idea. ... In a 
minutes time, Zabini was going to reenter the 
Slytherin sixthyear compartment and Malfoy would 
be sitting there, thinking himself unheard by anybody 
except fellow Slytherins. ... If Harry could only enter, 
unseen, behind him, what might he not see or hear? 
True, there was little of the journey left  Hogsmeade 
Station had to be less than half an hour away, 
judging by the wildness of the scenery flashing by the 
  165 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




windows  but nobody else seemed prepared to take 
Harrys suspicions seriously, so it was down to him to 
prove them. 

Ill see you two later, said Harry under his breath, 
pulling out his Invisibility Cloak and flinging it over 
himself. 

But whatre you  ? asked Neville. 

Later! whispered Harry, darting after Zabini as 
quietly as possible, though the rattling of the train 
made such caution almost pointless. 

The corridors were almost completely empty now. 
Nearly everyone had returned to their carriages to 
change into their school robes and pack up their 
possessions. Though he was as close as he could get 
to Zabini without touching him, Harry was not quick 
enough to slip into the compartment when Zabini 
opened the door. Zabini was already sliding it shut 
when Harry hastily stuck out his foot to prevent it 
closing. 

Whats wrong with this thing? said Zabini angrily as 
he smashed the sliding door repeatedly into Harrys 
foot. 

Harry seized the door and pushed it open, hard; 
Zabini, still clinging on to the handle, toppled over 
sideways into Gregory Goyles lap, and in the ensuing 
ruckus, Harry darted into the compartment, leapt 
onto Zabinis temporarily empty seat, and hoisted 
himself up into the luggage rack. It was fortunate that 
Goyle and Zabini were snarling at each other, drawing 
all eyes onto them, for Harry was quite sure his feet 
and ankles had been revealed as the cloak had 
flapped around them; indeed, for one horrible 
moment he thought he saw Malfoys eyes follow his 
  166 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




trainer as it whipped upward out of sight. But then 
Goyle slammed the door shut and flung Zabini off 
him; Zabini collapsed into his own seat looking 
ruffled, Vincent Crabbe returned to his comic, and 
Malfoy, sniggering, lay back down across two seats 
with his head in Pansy Parkinsons lap. Harry lay 
curled uncomfortably under the cloak to ensure that 
every inch of him remained hidden, and watched 
Pansy stroke the sleek blond hair off Malfoys 
forehead, smirking as she did so, as though anyone 
would have loved to have been in her place. The 
lanterns swinging from the carriage ceiling cast a 
bright light over the scene: Harry could read every 
word of Crabbes comic directly below him. 

So, Zabini, said Malfoy, what did Slughorn want? 

Just trying to make up to wellconnected people, 
said Zabini, who was still glowering at Goyle. Not 
that he managed to find many. 

This information did not seem to please Malfoy. 

Who else had he invited? he demanded. 

McLaggen from Gryffindor, said Zabini. 

Oh yeah, his uncles big in the Ministry, said 
Malfoy. 

  someone else called Belby, from Ravenclaw   

Not him, hes a prat! said Pansy. 

  and Longbottom, Potter, and that Weasley girl, 
finished Zabini. 

Malfoy sat up very suddenly, knocking Pansys hand 
aside. 

  167 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He invited Longbottom? 

Well, I assume so, as Longbottom was there, said 
Zabini indifferently. 

Whats Longbottom got to interest Slughorn? 

Zabini shrugged. 

Potter, precious Potter, obviously he wanted a look at 
the Chosen One,  sneered Malfoy, but that Weasley 
girl! Whats so special about her? 

A lot of boys like her, said Pansy, watching Malfoy 
out of the corner of her eyes for his reaction. Even 
you think shes goodlooking, dont you, Blaise, and 
we all know how hard you are to please! 

I wouldnt touch a filthy little blood traitor like her 
whatever she looked like, said Zabini coldly, and 
Pansy looked pleased. Malfoy sank back across her 
lap and allowed her to resume the stroking of his 
hair. 

Well, I pity Slughorns taste. Maybe hes going a bit 
senile. Shame, my father always said he was a good 
wizard in his day. My father used to be a bit of a 
favorite of his. Slughorn probably hasnt heard Im on 
the train, or   

I wouldnt bank on an invitation, said Zabini. He 
asked me about Notts father when I first arrived. 

They used to be old friends, apparently, but when he 
heard hed been caught at the Ministry he didnt look 
happy, and Nott didnt get an invitation, did he? I 
dont think Slughorns interested in Death Eaters. 

Malfoy looked angry, but forced out a singularly 
humorless laugh. 

  168 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, who cares what hes interested in? What is he, 
when you come down to it? Just some stupid 
teacher. Malfoy yawned ostentatiously. I mean, I 
might not even be at Hogwarts next year, whats it 
matter to me if some fat old hasbeen likes me or 
not? 

What do you mean, you might not be at Hogwarts 
next year? said Pansy indignantly, ceasing grooming 
Malfoy at once. 

Well, you never know, said Malfoy with the ghost of 
a smirk. I might have  er  moved on to bigger and 
better things. 

Crouched in the luggage rack under his cloak, Harrys 
heart began to race. What would Ron and Hermione 
say about this? Crabbe and Goyle were gawping at 
Malfoy; apparently they had had no inkling of any 
plans to move on to bigger and better things. Even 
Zabini had allowed a look of curiosity to mar his 
haughty features. Pansy resumed the slow stroking of 
Malfoys hair, looking dumbfounded. 

Do you mean  Him? 

Malfoy shrugged. 

Mother wants me to complete my education, but 
personally, I dont see it as that important these days. 
I mean, think about it. ... When the Dark Lord takes 
over, is he going to care how many O.W.L.s or 
N.E.W.T.s anyones got? Of course he isnt. ... Itll be 
all about the kind of service he received, the level of 
devotion he was shown. 

And you think youll be able to do something for 
him? asked Zabini scathingly. Sixteen years old and 
not even fully qualified yet? 

  169 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ive just said, havent I? Maybe he doesnt care if Im 
qualified. Maybe the job he wants me to do isnt 
something that you need to be qualified for, said 
Malfoy quietly. 

Crabbe and Goyle were both sitting with their mouths 
open like gargoyles. Pansy was gazing down at Malfoy 
as though she had never seen anything so awe 
inspiring. 

I can see Hogwarts, said Malfoy, clearly relishing the 
effect he had created as he pointed out of the 
blackened window. Wed better get our robes on. 

Harry was so busy staring at Malfoy, he did not notice 
Goyle reaching up for his trunk; as he swung it down, 
it hit Harry hard on the side of the head. He let out an 
involuntary gasp of pain, and Malfoy looked up at the 
luggage rack, frowning. 

Harry was not afraid of Malfoy, but he still did not 
much like the idea of being discovered hiding under 
his Invisibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly 
Slytherins. Eyes still watering and head still 
throbbing, he drew his wand, careful not to 
disarrange the cloak, and waited, breath held. To his 
relief, Malfoy seemed to decide that he had imagined 
the noise; he pulled on his robes like the others, 
locked his trunk, and as the train slowed to a jerky 
crawl, fastened a thick new traveling cloak round his 
neck. 

Harry could see the corridors filling up again and 
hoped that Hermione and Ron would take his things 
out onto the platform for him; he was stuck where he 
was until the compartment had quite emptied. At last, 
with a final lurch, the train came to a complete halt. 
Goyle threw the door open and muscled his way out 



  170 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




into a crowd of second years, punching them aside; 
Crabbe and Zabini followed. 

You go on, Malfoy told Pansy, who was waiting for 
him with her hand held out as though hoping he 
would hold it. I just want to check something. 

Pansy left. Now Harry and Malfoy were alone in the 
compartment. People were filing past, descending 
onto the dark platform. Malfoy moved over to the 
compartment door and let down the blinds, so that 
people in the corridor beyond could not peer in. He 
then bent down over his trunk and opened it again. 

Harry peered down over the edge of the luggage rack, 
his heart pumping a little faster. What had Malfoy 
wanted to hide from Pansy? Was he about to see the 
mysterious broken object it was so important to 
mend? 

Petrificus Totalusl 

Without warning, Malfoy pointed his wand at Harry, 
who was instantly paralyzed. As though in slow 
motion, he toppled out of the luggage rack and fell, 
with an agonizing, floorshaking crash, at Malfoys 
feet, the Invisibility Cloak trapped beneath him, his 
whole body revealed with his legs still curled absurdly 
into the cramped kneeling position. He couldnt move 
a muscle; he could only gaze up at Malfoy, who 
smiled broadly. 

I thought so, he said jubilantly. I heard Goyles 
trunk hit you. And I thought I saw something white 
flash through the air after Zabini came back. ... 

His eyes lingered for a moment upon Harrys trainers. 



  171 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You didnt hear anything I care about, Potter. But 
while Ive got you here ... 

And he stamped, hard, on Harrys face. Harry felt his 
nose break; blood spurted everywhere. 

Thats from my father. Now, lets see. ... 

Malfoy dragged the cloak out from under Harrys 
immobilized body and threw it over him. 

I dont reckon theyll find you till the trains back in 
London, he said quietly. See you around, Potter ... 
or not. 

And taking care to tread on Harrys fingers, Malfoy 
left the compartment. 



  172 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






SNAPE VICTORIOUS 

Harry could not move a muscle. He lay there beneath 
the Invisibility Cloak feeling the blood from his nose 
flow, hot and wet, over his face, listening to the voices 
and footsteps in the corridor beyond. His immediate 
thought was that someone, surely, would check the 
compartments before the train departed again. But at 
once came the dispiriting realization that even if 
somebody looked into the compartment, he would be 
neither seen nor heard. His best hope was that 
somebody else would walk in and step on him. 

Harry had never hated Malfoy more than as he lay 
there, like an absurd turtle on its back, blood 
dripping sickeningly into his open mouth. What a 
stupid situation to have landed himself in . . . and now 
the last few footsteps were dying away; everyone was 
shuffling along the dark platform outside; he could 
hear the scraping of trunks and the loud babble of 
talk. 



  173 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Ron and Hermione would think that he had left the 
train without them. Once they arrived at Hogwarts 
and took their places in the Great Hall, looked up and 
down the Gryffindor table a few times, and finally 
realized that he was not there, he, no doubt, would be 
halfway back to London. 

He tried to make a sound, even a grunt, but it was 
impossible. Then he remembered that some wizards, 
like Dumbledore, could perform spells without 
speaking, so he tried to summon his wand, which had 
fallen out of his hand, by saying the words Accio 
Wand\ over and over again in his head, but nothing 
happened. 

He thought he could hear the rustling of the trees 
that surrounded the lake, and the faroff hoot of an 
owl, but no hint of a search being made or even (he 
despised himself slightly for hoping it) panicked 
voices wondering where Harry Potter had gone. A 
feeling of hopelessness spread through him as he 
imagined the convoy of thestraldrawn carriages 
trundling up to the school and the muffled yells of 
laughter issuing from whichever carriage Malfoy was 
riding in, where he could be recounting his attack on 
Harry to Crabbe, Goyle, Zabini, and Pansy Parkinson. 

The train lurched, causing Harry to roll over onto his 
side. Now he was staring at the dusty underside of 
the seats instead of the ceiling. The floor began to 
vibrate as the engine roared into life. The Express was 
leaving and nobody knew he was still on it. ... 

Then he felt his Invisibility Cloak fly off him and a 
voice overhead said, Wotcher, Harry. 

There was a flash of red light and Harrys body 
unfroze; he was able to push himself into a more 
dignified sitting position, hastily wipe the blood off his 

  174 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




bruised face with the back of his hand, and raise his 
head to look up at Tonks, who was holding the 
Invisibility Cloak she had just pulled away. 

Wed better get out of here, quickly, she said, as the 
train windows became obscured with steam and they 
began to move out of the station. Come on, well 
jump. 

Harry hurried after her into the corridor. She pulled 
open the train door and leapt onto the platform, 
which seemed to be sliding underneath them as the 
train gathered momentum. He followed her, staggered 
a little on landing, then straightened up in time to see 
the gleaming scarlet steam engine pick up speed, 
round the corner, and disappear from view. 

The cold night air was soothing on his throbbing 
nose. Tonks was looking at him; he felt angry and 
embarrassed that he had been discovered in such a 
ridiculous position. Silently she handed him back the 
Invisibility Cloak. 

Who did it? 

Draco Malfoy, said Harry bitterly. Thanks for ... 
well ... 

No problem, said Tonks, without smiling. From 
what Harry could see in the darkness, she was as 
mousyhaired and miserablelooking as she had been 
when he had met her at the Burrow. I can fix your 
nose if you stand still. 

Harry did not think much of this idea; he had been 
intending to visit Madam Pomfrey, the matron, in 
whom he had a little more confidence when it came to 
Healing Spells, but it seemed rude to say this, so he 
stayed stockstill and closed his eyes. 

  175 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Episkey, said Tonks. 



Harrys nose felt very hot, and then very cold. He 
raised a hand and felt it gingerly. It seemed to be 
mended. 

Thanks a lot! 

Youd better put that cloak back on, and we can walk 
up to the school, said Tonks, still unsmiling. As 
Harry swung the cloak back over himself, she waved 
her wand; an immense silvery fourlegged creature 
erupted from it and streaked off into the darkness. 

Was that a Patronus? asked Harry, who had seen 
Dumbledore send messages like this. 

Yes, Im sending word to the castle that Ive got you 
or theyll worry. Come on, wed better not dawdle. 

They set off toward the lane that led to the school. 

How did you find me? 

I noticed you hadnt left the train and I knew you 
had that cloak. I thought you might be hiding for 
some reason. When I saw the blinds were drawn 
down on that compartment I thought Id check. 

But what are you doing here, anyway? Harry asked. 

Im stationed in Hogsmeade now, to give the school 
extra protection, said Tonks. 

Is it just you whos stationed up here, or  ? 

No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawlish are here too. 

Dawlish, that Auror Dumbledore attacked last year? 

  176 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Thats right. 



They trudged up the dark, deserted lane, following the 
freshly made carriage tracks. Harry looked sideways 
at Tonks under his cloak. Last year she had been 
inquisitive (to the point of being a little annoying at 
times), she had laughed easily, she had made jokes. 
Now she seemed older and much more serious and 
purposeful. Was this all the effect of what had 
happened at the Ministry? He reflected uncomfortably 
that Hermione would have suggested he say 
something consoling about Sirius to her, that it 
hadnt been her fault at all, but he couldnt bring 
himself to do it. He was far from blaming her for 
Siriuss death; it was no more her fault than anyone 
elses (and much less than his), but he did not like 
talking about Sirius if he could avoid it. And so they 
tramped on through the cold night in silence, Tonks s 
long cloak whispering on the ground behind them. 

Having always traveled there by carriage, Harry had 
never before appreciated just how far Hogwarts was 
from Hogsmeade Station. With great relief he finally 
saw the tall pillars on either side of the gates, each 
topped with a winged boar. He was cold, he was 
hungry, and he was quite keen to leave this new, 
gloomy Tonks behind. But when he put out a hand to 
push open the gates, he found them chained shut. 

Alohomora\ he said confidently, pointing his wand at 
the padlock, but nothing happened. 

That wont work on these, said Tonks. Dumbledore 
bewitched them himself. 

Harry looked around. 

I could climb a wall, he suggested. 



  177 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, you couldnt, said Tonks flatly. Antiintruder 
jinxes on all of them. Securitys been tightened a 
hundredfold this summer. 

Well then, said Harry, starting to feel annoyed at her 
lack of helpfulness, I suppose Ill just have to sleep 
out here and wait for morning. 

Someones coming down for you, said Tonks. Look. 

A lantern was bobbing at the distant foot of the 
castle. Harry was so pleased to see it he felt he could 
even endure Filchs wheezy criticisms of his tardiness 
and rants about how his timekeeping would improve 
with the regular application of thumbscrews. It was 
not until the glowing yellow light was ten feet away 
from them, and Harry had pulled off his Invisibility 
Cloak so that he could be seen, that he recognized, 
with a rush of pure loathing, the uplit hooked nose 
and long, black, greasy hair of Severus Snape. 

Well, well, well, sneered Snape, taking out his wand 
and tapping the padlock once, so that the chains 
snaked backward and the gates creaked open. Nice 
of you to turn up, Potter, although you have evidently 
decided that the wearing of school robes would 
detract from your appearance. 

I couldnt change, I didnt have my   Harry began, 
but Snape cut across him. 

There is no need to wait, Nymphadora, Potter is quite 
 ah  safe in my hands. 

I meant Hagrid to get the message, said Tonks, 
frowning. 

Hagrid was late for the startofterm feast, just like 
Potter here, so I took it instead. And incidentally, 

  178 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




said Snape, standing back to allow Harry to pass him, 
I was interested to see your new Patronus. 

He shut the gates in her face with a loud clang and 
tapped the chains with his wand again, so that they 
slithered, clinking, back into place. 

I think you were better off with the old one, said 
Snape, the malice in his voice unmistakable. The 
new one looks weak. 

As Snape swung the lantern about, Harry saw, 
fleetingly, a look of shock and anger on Tonkss face. 
Then she was covered in darkness once more. 

Good night, Harry called to her over his shoulder, as 
he began the walk up to the school with Snape. 
Thanks for ... everything. 

See you, Harry. 

Snape did not speak for a minute or so. Harry felt as 
though his body was generating waves of hatred so 
powerful that it seemed incredible that Snape could 
not feel them burning him. He had loathed Snape 
from their first encounter, but Snape had placed 
himself forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility 
of Harrys forgiveness by his attitude toward Sirius. 
Whatever Dumbledore said, Harry had had time to 
think over the summer, and had concluded that 
Snape s snide remarks to Sirius about remaining 
safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the 
Phoenix were off fighting Voldemort had probably 
been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the 
Ministry the night that he had died. Harry clung to 
this notion, because it enabled him to blame Snape, 
which felt satisfying, and also because he knew that if 
anyone was not sorry that Sirius was dead, it was the 
man now striding next to him in the darkness. 

  179 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Fifty points from Gryffindor for lateness, I think, 
said Snape. And, let me see, another twenty for your 
Muggle attire. You know, I dont believe any House 
has ever been in negative figures this early in the 
term: We havent even started pudding. You might 
have set a record, Potter. 

The fury and hatred bubbling inside Harry seemed to 
blaze whitehot, but he would rather have been 
immobilized all the way back to London than tell 
Snape why he was late. 

I suppose you wanted to make an entrance, did 
you? Snape continued. And with no flying car 
available you decided that bursting into the Great 
Hall halfway through the feast ought to create a 
dramatic effect. 

Still Harry remained silent, though he thought his 
chest might explode. He knew that Snape had come 
to fetch him for this, for the few minutes when he 
could needle and torment Harry without anyone else 
listening. 

They reached the castle steps at last and as the great 
oaken front doors swung open into the vast flagged 
entrance hall, a burst of talk and laughter and of 
tinkling plates and glasses greeted them through the 
doors standing open into the Great Hall. Harry 
wondered whether he could slip his Invisibility Cloak 
back on, thereby gaining his seat at the long 
Gryffindor table (which, inconveniently, was the 
farthest from the entrance hall) without being noticed. 
As though he had read Harrys mind, however, Snape 
said, No cloak. You can walk in so that everyone sees 
you, which is what you wanted, Im sure. 

Harry turned on the spot and marched straight 
through the open doors: anything to get away from 

  180 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Snape. The Great Hall, with its four long House tables 
and its staff table set at the top of the room, was 
decorated as usual with floating candles that made 
the plates below glitter and glow. It was all a 
shimmering blur to Harry, however, who walked so 
fast that he was passing the Hufflepuff table before 
people really started to stare, and by the time they 
were standing up to get a good look at him, he had 
spotted Ron and Hermione, sped along the benches 
toward them, and forced his way in between them. 

Whereve you  blimey, whatve you done to your 
face? said Ron, goggling at him along with everyone 
else in the vicinity. 

Why, whats wrong with it? said Harry, grabbing a 
spoon and squinting at his distorted reflection. 

Youre covered in blood! said Hermione. Come here 



She raised her wand, said Tergeol and siphoned off 
the dried blood. 

Thanks, said Harry, feeling his now clean face. 
Hows my nose looking? 

Normal, said Hermione anxiously. Why shouldnt 
it? Harry, what happened? Weve been terrified! 

Ill tell you later, said Harry curtly. He was very 
conscious that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamus 
were listening in; even Nearly Headless Nick, the 
Gryffindor ghost, had come floating along the bench 
to eavesdrop. 

But   said Hermione. 



  181 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Not now, Hermione, said Harry, in a darkly 
significant voice. He hoped very much that they would 
all assume he had been involved in something heroic, 
preferably involving a couple of Death Eaters and a 
dementor. Of course, Malfoy would spread the story 
as far and wide as he could, but there was always a 
chance it wouldnt reach too many Gryffindor ears. 

He reached across Ron for a couple of chicken legs 
and a handful of chips, but before he could take them 
they vanished, to be replaced with puddings. 

You missed the Sorting, anyway, said Hermione, as 
Ron dived for a large chocolate gateau. 

Hat say anything interesting? asked Harry, taking a 
piece of treacle tart. 

More of the same, really ... advising us all to unite in 
the face of our enemies, you know. 

Dumbledore mentioned Voldemort at all? 

Not yet, but he always saves his proper speech for 
after the feast, doesnt he? It cant be long now. 

Snape said Hagrid was late for the feast   

Youve seen Snape? How come? said Ron between 
frenzied mouthfuls of gateau. 

Bumped into him, said Harry evasively. 

Hagrid was only a few minutes late, said Hermione. 
Look, hes waving at you, Harry. 

Harry looked up at the staff table and grinned at 
Hagrid, who was indeed waving at him. Hagrid had 
never quite managed to comport himself with the 

  182 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor 
House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere 
between Hagrids elbow and shoulder as they were 
sitting side by side, and who was looking 
disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greeting. Harry 
was surprised to see the Divination teacher, Professor 
Trelawney, sitting on Hagrids other side; she rarely 
left her tower room, and he had never seen her at the 
startofterm feast before. She looked as odd as ever, 
glittering with beads and trailing shawls, her eyes 
magnified to enormous size by her spectacles. Having 
always considered her a bit of a fraud, Harry had 
been shocked to discover at the end of the previous 
term that it had been she who had made the 
prediction that caused Lord Voldemort to kill Harrys 
parents and attack Harry himself. The knowledge had 
made him even less eager to find himself in her 
company, but thankfully, this year he would be 
dropping Divination. Her great beaconlike eyes 
swiveled in his direction; he hastily looked away 
toward the Slytherin table. Draco Malfoy was miming 
the shattering of a nose to raucous laughter and 
applause. Harry dropped his gaze to his treacle tart, 
his insides burning again. What he would not give to 
fight Malfoy oneonone . . . 

So what did Professor Slughorn want? Hermione 
asked. 

To know what really happened at the Ministry, said 
Harry. 

Him and everyone else here, sniffed Hermione. 
People were interrogating us about it on the train, 
werent they, Ron? 

Yeah, said Ron. All wanting to know if you really 
are the Chosen One   



  183 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There has been much talk on that very subject even 
amongst the ghosts, interrupted Nearly Headless 
Nick, inclining his barely connected head toward 
Harry so that it wobbled dangerously on its ruff. I am 
considered something of a Potter authority; it is 
widely known that we are friendly. I have assured the 
spirit community that I will not pester you for 
information, however. Harry Potter knows that he 
can confide in me with complete confidence/ I told 
them. I would rather die than betray his trust.  

Thats not saying much, seeing as youre already 
dead, Ron observed. 

Once again, you show all the sensitivity of a blunt 
axe, said Nearly Headless Nick in affronted tones, 
and he rose into the air and glided back toward the 
far end of the Gryffindor table just as Dumbledore got 
to his feet at the staff table. The talk and laughter 
echoing around the Hall died away almost instantly. 

The very best of evenings to you! he said, smiling 
broadly, his arms opened wide as though to embrace 
the whole room. 

What happened to his hand? gasped Hermione. 

She was not the only one who had noticed. 
Dumbledore s right hand was as blackened and dead 
looking as it had been on the night he had come to 
fetch Harry from the Dursleys. Whispers swept the 
room; Dumbledore, interpreting them correctly, 
merely smiled and shook his purpleandgold sleeve 
over his injury. 

Nothing to worry about, he said airily. Now ... to 
our new students, welcome, to our old students, 
welcome back! Another year full of magical education 
awaits you ... 

  184 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




His hand was like that when I saw him over the 
summer, Harry whispered to Hermione. I thought 
hed have cured it by now, though ... or Madam 
Pomfrey wouldve done. 

It looks as if its died, said Hermione, with a 
nauseated expression. But there are some injuries 
you cant cure ... old curses ... and there are poisons 
without antidotes. ... 

"... and Mr. Filch, our caretaker, has asked me to say 
that there is a blanket ban on any joke items bought 
at the shop called Weasleys Wizard Wheezes. 

Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch 
teams should give their names to their Heads of 
House as usual. We are also looking for new 
Quidditch commentators, who should do likewise. 

We are pleased to welcome a new member of staff 
this year. Professor Slughorn  Slughorn stood up, 
his bald head gleaming in the candlelight, his big 
waistcoated belly casting the table below into shadow 
 is a former colleague of mine who has agreed to 
resume his old post of Potions master. 

Potions? 

Potions? 

The word echoed all over the Hall as people wondered 
whether they had heard right. 

Potions? said Ron and Hermione together, turning 
to stare at Harry. But you said   

Professor Snape, meanwhile, said Dumbledore, 
raising his voice so that it carried over all the 



  185 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




muttering, will be taking over the position of Defense 
Against the Dark Arts teacher. 



No! said Harry, so loudly that many heads turned in 
his direction. He did not care; he was staring up at 
the staff table, incensed. How could Snape be given 
the Defense Against the Dark Arts job after all this 
time? Hadnt it been widely known for years that 
Dumbledore did not trust him to do it? 

But Harry, you said that Slughorn was going to be 
teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts! said 
Hermione. 

I thought he was! said Harry, racking his brains to 
remember when Dumbledore had told him this, but 
now that he came to think of it, he was unable to 
recall Dumbledore ever telling him what Slughorn 
would be teaching. 

Snape, who was sitting on Dumbledores right, did 
not stand up at the mention of his name; he merely 
raised a hand in lazy acknowledgment of the applause 
from the Slytherin table, yet Harry was sure he could 
detect a look of triumph on the features he loathed so 
much. 

Well, theres one good thing, he said savagely. 

Snape ll be gone by the end of the year. 

What do you mean? asked Ron. 

That jobs jinxed. No ones lasted more than a year. 

... Quirrell actually died doing it. ... Personally, Im 
going to keep my fingers crossed for another death. 



Harry! said Hermione, shocked and reproachful. 

  186 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He might just go back to teaching Potions at the end 
of the year, said Ron reasonably. That Slughorn 
bloke might not want to stay longterm. Moody 
didnt. 

Dumbledore cleared his throat. Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione were not the only ones who had been 
talking; the whole Hall had erupted in a buzz of 
conversation at the news that Snape had finally 
achieved his hearts desire. Seemingly oblivious to the 
sensational nature of the news he had just imparted, 
Dumbledore said nothing more about staff 
appointments, but waited a few seconds to ensure 
that the silence was absolute before continuing. 

Now, as everybody in this Hall knows, Lord 
Voldemort and his followers are once more at large 
and gaining in strength. 

The silence seemed to tauten and strain as 
Dumbledore spoke. Harry glanced at Malfoy. Malfoy 
was not looking at Dumbledore, but making his fork 
hover in midair with his wand, as though he found 
the headmasters words unworthy of his attention. 

I cannot emphasize strongly enough how dangerous 
the present situation is, and how much care each of 
us at Hogwarts must take to ensure that we remain 
safe. The castles magical fortifications have been 
strengthened over the summer, we are protected in 
new and more powerful ways, but we must still guard 
scrupulously against carelessness on the part of any 
student or member of staff. I urge you, therefore, to 
abide by any security restrictions that your teachers 
might impose upon you, however irksome you might 
find them  in particular, the rule that you are not to 
be out of bed after hours. I implore you, should you 
notice anything strange or suspicious within or 
outside the castle, to report it to a member of staff 
  187 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




immediately. I trust you to conduct yourselves, 
always, with the utmost regard for your own and 
others safety. 

Dumbledores blue eyes swept over the students 
before he smiled once more. 

But now, your beds await, as warm and comfortable 
as you could possibly wish, and I know that your top 
priority is to be wellrested for your lessons tomorrow. 
Let us therefore say good night. Pip pip! 

With the usual deafening scraping noise, the benches 
were moved back and the hundreds of students began 
to file out of the Great Hall toward their dormitories. 
Harry, who was in no hurry at all to leave with the 
gawping crowd, nor to get near enough to Malfoy to 
allow him to retell the story of the nosestamping, 
lagged behind, pretending to retie the lace on his 
trainer, allowing most of the Gryffindors to draw 
ahead of him. Hermione had darted ahead to fulfill 
her prefects duty of shepherding the first years, but 
Ron remained with Harry. 

What really happened to your nose? he asked, once 
they were at the very back of the throng pressing out 
of the Hall, and out of earshot of anyone else. 

Harry told him. It was a mark of the strength of their 
friendship that Ron did not laugh. 

I saw Malfoy miming something to do with a nose, 
he said darkly. 

Yeah, well, never mind that, said Harry bitterly. 
Listen to what he was saying before he found out I 
was there. ... 



  188 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry had expected Ron to be stunned by Malfoys 
boasts. With what Harry considered pure 
pigheadedness, however, Ron was unimpressed. 

Come on, Harry, he was just showing off for 
Parkinson. ... What kind of mission would YouKnow 
Who have given him? 

How dyou know Voldemort doesnt need someone at 
Hogwarts? It wouldnt be the first   

I wish yehd stop sayin tha name, Harry, said a 
reproachful voice behind them. Harry looked over his 
shoulder to see Hagrid shaking his head. 

Dumbledore uses that name, said Harry stubbornly. 

Yeah, well, thas Dumbledore, innit? said Hagrid 
mysteriously. So how come yeh were late, Harry? I 
was worried. 

Got held up on the train, said Harry. Why were you 
late? 

I was with Grawp, said Hagrid happily. Los track o 
the time. Hes got a new home up in the mountains 
now, Dumbledore fixed it  nice big cave. Hes much 
happier than he was in the forest. We were havin a 
good chat. 

Really? said Harry, taking care not to catch Rons 
eye; the last time he had met Hagrids halfbrother, a 
vicious giant with a talent for ripping up trees by the 
roots, his vocabulary had comprised five words, two of 
which he was unable to pronounce properly. 

Oh yeah, hes really come on, said Hagrid proudly. 
Yehll be amazed. Im thinkin o trainin him up as 
me assistant. 

  189 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron snorted loudly, but managed to pass it off as a 
violent sneeze. They were now standing beside the 
oak front doors. 

Anyway, Ill see yeh tomorrow, firs lessons straight 
after lunch. Come early an yeh can say hello ter Buck 
 I mean, Witherwings! 

Raising an arm in cheery farewell, he headed out of 
the front doors into the darkness. 

Harry and Ron looked at each other. Harry could tell 
that Ron was experiencing the same sinking feeling as 
himself. 

Youre not taking Care of Magical Creatures, are 
you? 

Ron shook his head. And youre not either, are you? 

Harry shook his head too. 

And Hermione, said Ron, shes not, is she? 

Harry shook his head again. Exactly what Hagrid 
would say when he realized his three favorite 
students had given up his subject, he did not like to 
think. 



  190 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




9 




THE HALFBLOOD PRINCE 

Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room 
before breakfast next morning. Hoping for some 
support for his theory, Harry lost no time in telling 
Hermione what he had overheard Malfoy saying on 
the Hogwarts Express. 

But he was obviously showing off for Parkinson, 
wasnt he? interjected Ron quickly, before Hermione 
could say anything. 

Well, she said uncertainly, I dont know. ... It would 
be like Malfoy to make himself seem more important 
than he is ... but thats a big lie to tell. ... 

Exactly, said Harry, but he could not press the 
point, because so many people were trying to listen in 
to his conversation, not to mention staring at him and 
whispering behind their hands. 

Its rude to point, Ron snapped at a particularly 
minuscule firstyear boy as they joined the queue to 
climb out of the portrait hole. The boy, who had been 

  191 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



muttering something about Harry behind his hand to 
his friend, promptly turned scarlet and toppled out of 
the hole in alarm. Ron sniggered. 

I love being a sixth year. And were going to be 
getting free time this year. Whole periods when we 
can just sit up here and relax. 

Were going to need that time for studying, Ron! said 
Hermione, as they set off down the corridor. 

Yeah, but not today, said Ron. Todays going to be 
a real doss, I reckon. 

Hold it! said Hermione, throwing out an arm and 
halting a passing fourth year, who was attempting to 
push past her with a limegreen disk clutched tightly 
in his hand. Fanged Frisbees are banned, hand it 
over, she told him sternly. The scowling boy handed 
over the snarling Frisbee, ducked under her arm, and 
took off after his friends. Ron waited for him to 
vanish, then tugged the Frisbee from Hermione s grip. 

Excellent, Ive always wanted one of these. 

Hermione s remonstration was drowned by a loud 
giggle; Lavender Brown had apparently found Rons 
remark highly amusing. She continued to laugh as 
she passed them, glancing back at Ron over her 
shoulder. Ron looked rather pleased with himself. 

The ceiling of the Great Hall was serenely blue and 
streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares 
of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. 
While they tucked into porridge and eggs and bacon, 
Harry and Ron told Hermione about their 
embarrassing conversation with Hagrid the previous 
evening. 



  192 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But he cant really think wed continue Care of 
Magical Creatures! she said, looking distressed. I 
mean, when has any of us expressed ... you know ... 
any enthusiasm? 

Thats it, though, innit? said Ron, swallowing an 
entire fried egg whole. We were the ones who made 
the most effort in classes because we like Hagrid. But 
he thinks we liked the stupid subject Dyou reckon 
anyones going to go on to N.E.W.T.? 

Neither Harry nor Hermione answered; there was no 
need. They knew perfectly well that nobody in their 
year would want to continue Care of Magical 
Creatures. They avoided Hagrids eye and returned 
his cheery wave only halfheartedly when he left the 
staff table ten minutes later. 

After they had eaten, they remained in their places, 
awaiting Professor McGonagalls descent from the 
staff table. The distribution of class schedules was 
more complicated than usual this year, for Professor 
McGonagall needed first to confirm that everybody 
had achieved the necessary O.W.L. grades to continue 
with their chosen N.E.W.T.s. 

Hermione was immediately cleared to continue with 
Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, 
Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient 
Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a firstperiod 
Ancient Runes class without further ado. Neville took 
a little longer to sort out; his round face was anxious 
as Professor McGonagall looked down his application 
and then consulted his O.W.L. results. 

Herbology, fine, she said. Professor Sprout will be 
delighted to see you back with an Outstanding 

O.W.L. And you qualify for Defense Against the Dark 
Arts with Exceeds Expectations. But the problem is 

  193 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Transfiguration. Im sorry, Longbottom, but an 
Acceptable really isnt good enough to continue to 
N.E.W.T level. I just dont think youd be able to cope 
with the coursework. 

Neville hung his head. Professor McGonagall peered 
at him through her square spectacles. 

Why do you want to continue with Transfiguration, 
anyway? Ive never had the impression that you 
particularly enjoyed it. 

Neville looked miserable and muttered something 
about my grandmother wants. 

Hmph, snorted Professor McGonagall. Its high time 
your grandmother learned to be proud of the 
grandson shes got, rather than the one she thinks 
she ought to have  particularly after what happened 
at the Ministry. 

Neville turned very pink and blinked confusedly; 
Professor McGonagall had never paid him a 
compliment before. 

Im sorry, Longbottom, but I cannot let you into my 
N.E.W.T. class. I see that you have an Exceeds 
Expectations in Charms, however  why not try for a 
N.E.W.T. in Charms? 

My grandmother thinks Charms is a soft option, 
mumbled Neville. 

Take Charms, said Professor McGonagall, and I 
shall drop Augusta a line reminding her that just 
because she failed her Charms O.W.L., the subject is 
not necessarily worthless. Smiling slightly at the look 
of delighted incredulity on Nevilles face, Professor 
McGonagall tapped a blank schedule with the tip of 
  194 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




her wand and handed it, now carrying details of his 
new classes, to Neville. 

Professor McGonagall turned next to Parvati Patil, 
whose first question was whether Firenze, the 
handsome centaur, was still teaching Divination. 

He and Professor Trelawney are dividing classes 
between them this year, said Professor McGonagall, 
a hint of disapproval in her voice; it was common 
knowledge that she despised the subject of 
Divination. The sixth year is being taken by Professor 
Trelawney. 

Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking 
slightly crestfallen. 

So, Potter, Potter ... said Professor McGonagall, 
consulting her notes as she turned to Harry. 

Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, 
Transfiguration ... all fine. I must say, I was pleased 
with your Transfiguration mark, Potter, very pleased. 
Now, why havent you applied to continue with 
Potions? I thought it was your ambition to become an 
Auror? 

It was, but you told me I had to get an Outstanding 
in my O.W.L., Professor. 

And so you did when Professor Snape was teaching 
the subject. Professor Slughorn, however, is perfectly 
happy to accept N.E.W.T students with Exceeds 
Expectations at O.W.L. Do you wish to proceed with 
Potions? 

Yes, said Harry, but I didnt buy the books or any 
ingredients or anything   



  195 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Im sure Professor Slughorn will be able to lend you 
some, said Professor McGonagall. Very well, Potter, 
here is your schedule. Oh, by the way  twenty 
hopefuls have already put down their names for the 
Gryffindor Quidditch team. I shall pass the list to you 
in due course and you can fix up trials at your 
leisure. 

A few minutes later, Ron was cleared to do the same 
subjects as Harry, and the two of them left the table 
together. 

Look, said Ron delightedly, gazing at his schedule, 
weve got a free period now ... and a free period after 
break ... and after lunch ... excellent. 

They returned to the common room, which was empty 
apart from a half dozen seventh years, including Katie 
Bell, the only remaining member of the original 
Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry had joined in 
his first year. 

I thought youd get that, well done, she called over, 
pointing at the Captains badge on Harrys chest. Tell 
me when you call trials! 

Dont be stupid, said Harry, you dont need to try 
out, Ive watched you play for five years. ... 

You mustnt start off like that, she said warningly. 
For all you know, theres someone much better than 
me out there. Good teams have been ruined before 
now because Captains just kept playing the old faces, 
or letting in their friends. ... 

Ron looked a little uncomfortable and began playing 
with the Fanged Frisbee Hermione had taken from the 
fourthyear student. It zoomed around the common 
room, snarling and attempting to take bites of the 

  196 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




tapestry. Crookshankss yellow eyes followed it and he 
hissed when it came too close. 

An hour later they reluctantly left the sunlit common 
room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom 
four floors below. Hermione was already queuing 
outside, carrying an armful of heavy books and 
looking putupon. 

We got so much homework for Runes, she said 
anxiously, when Harry and Ron joined her. A fifteen 
inch essay, two translations, and Ive got to read 
these by Wednesday! 

Shame, yawned Ron. 

You wait, she said resentfully. I bet Snape gives us 
loads. 

The classroom door opened as she spoke, and Snape 
stepped into the corridor, his sallow face framed as 
ever by two curtains of greasy black hair. Silence fell 
over the queue immediately. 

Inside, he said. 

Harry looked around as they entered. Snape had 
imposed his personality upon the room already; it 
was gloomier than usual, as curtains had been drawn 
over the windows, and was lit by candlelight. New 
pictures adorned the walls, many of them showing 
people who appeared to be in pain, sporting grisly 
injuries or strangely contorted body parts. Nobody 
spoke as they settled down, looking around at the 
shadowy, gruesome pictures. 

I have not asked you to take out your books, said 
Snape, closing the door and moving to face the class 
from behind his desk; Hermione hastily dropped her 

  197 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




copy of Confronting the Faceless back into her bag 
and stowed it under her chair. I wish to speak to 
you, and I want your fullest attention. 

His black eyes roved over their upturned faces, 
lingering for a fraction of a second longer on Harrys 
than anyone elses. 

You have had five teachers in this subject so far, I 
believe. 

You believe ... like you havent watched them all come 
and go, Snape, hoping youd be next, thought Harry 
scathingly. 

Naturally, these teachers will all have had their own 
methods and priorities. Given this confusion I am 
surprised so many of you scraped an O.W.L. in this 
subject. I shall be even more surprised if all of you 
manage to keep up with the N.E.W.T. work, which will 
be much more advanced. 

Snape set off around the edge of the room, speaking 
now in a lower voice; the class craned their necks to 
keep him in view. 

The Dark Arts, said Snape, are many, varied, ever 
changing, and eternal. Fighting them is like fighting a 
manyheaded monster, which, each time a neck is 
severed, sprouts a head even fiercer and cleverer than 
before. You are fighting that which is unfixed, 
mutating, indestructible. 

Harry stared at Snape. It was surely one thing to 
respect the Dark Arts as a dangerous enemy, another 
to speak of them, as Snape was doing, with a loving 
caress in his voice? 



  198 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Your defenses, said Snape, a little louder, must 
therefore be as flexible and inventive as the arts you 
seek to undo. These pictures  he indicated a few of 
them as he swept past  give a fair representation of 
what happens to those who suffer, for instance, the 
Cruciatus Curse  he waved a hand toward a witch 
who was clearly shrieking in agony  feel the 
Dementors Kiss  a wizard lying huddled and 
blankeyed, slumped against a wall  or provoke the 
aggression of the Inferius  a bloody mass upon the 
ground. 

Has an Inferius been seen, then? said Parvati Patil 
in a highpitched voice. Is it definite, is he using 
them? 

The Dark Lord has used Inferi in the past, said 
Snape, which means you would be welladvised to 
assume he might use them again. Now ... 

He set off again around the other side of the 
classroom toward his desk, and again, they watched 
him as he walked, his dark robes billowing behind 
him. 

"... you are, I believe, complete novices in the use of 
nonverbal spells. What is the advantage of a 
nonverbal spell? 

Hermiones hand shot into the air. Snape took his 
time looking around at everybody else, making sure 
he had no choice, before saying curtly, Very well  
Miss Granger? 

Your adversary has no warning about what kind of 
magic youre about to perform, said Hermione, 

which gives you a splitsecond advantage. 



  199 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




An answer copied almost word for word from The 
Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six, said Snape 
dismissively (over in the corner, Malfoy sniggered), 
but correct in essentials. Yes, those who progress to 
using magic without shouting incantations gain an 
element of surprise in their spellcasting. Not all 
wizards can do this, of course; it is a question of 
concentration and mind power which some  his 
gaze lingered maliciously upon Harry once more  
lack. 

Harry knew Snape was thinking of their disastrous 
Occlumency lessons of the previous year. He refused 
to drop his gaze, but glowered at Snape until Snape 
looked away. 

You will now divide, Snape went on, into pairs. One 
partner will attempt to jinx the other without 
speaking. The other will attempt to repel the jinx in 
equal silence. Carry on. 

Although Snape did not know it, Harry had taught at 
least half the class (everyone who had been a member 
of the D.A.) how to perform a Shield Charm the 
previous year. None of them had ever cast the charm 
without speaking, however. A reasonable amount of 
cheating ensued; many people were merely 
whispering the incantation instead of saying it aloud. 
Typically, ten minutes into the lesson Hermione 
managed to repel Nevilles muttered JellyLegs Jinx 
without uttering a single word, a feat that would 
surely have earned her twenty points for Gryffindor 
from any reasonable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, 
but which Snape ignored. He swept between them as 
they practiced, looking just as much like an 
overgrown bat as ever, lingering to watch Harry and 
Ron struggling with the task. 



  200 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron, who was supposed to be jinxing Harry, was 
purple in the face, his lips tightly compressed to save 
himself from the temptation of muttering the 
incantation. Harry had his wand raised, waiting on 
tenterhooks to repel a jinx that seemed unlikely ever 
to come. 

Pathetic, Weasley, said Snape, after a while. Here 
 let me show you   

He turned his wand on Harry so fast that Harry 
reacted instinctively; all thought of nonverbal spells 
forgotten, he yelled, Protegol 

His Shield Charm was so strong Snape was knocked 
offbalance and hit a desk. The whole class had 
looked around and now watched as Snape righted 
himself, scowling. 

Do you remember me telling you we are practicing 
nonverbal spells, Potter? 

Yes, said Harry stiffly. 

Yes, sir. 

Theres no need to call me sir, Professor. 

The words had escaped him before he knew what he 
was saying. Several people gasped, including 
Hermione. Behind Snape, however, Ron, Dean, and 
Seamus grinned appreciatively. 

Detention, Saturday night, my office, said Snape. I 
do not take cheek from anyone, Potter ... not even the 
Chosen One.   

That was brilliant, Harry! chortled Ron, once they 
were safely on their way to break a short while later. 

  201 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




You really shouldnt have said it, said Hermione, 
frowning at Ron. What made you? 



He tried to jinx me, in case you didnt notice! fumed 
Harry. I had enough of that during those 
Occlumency lessons! Why doesnt he use another 
guinea pig for a change? Whats Dumbledore playing 
at, anyway, letting him teach Defense? Did you hear 
him talking about the Dark Arts? He loves them! All 
that unfixed, indestructible stuff   

Well, said Hermione, I thought he sounded a bit 
like you. 

Like me? 

Yes, when you were telling us what its like to face 
Voldemort. You said it wasnt just memorizing a 
bunch of spells, you said it was just you and your 
brains and your guts  well, wasnt that what Snape 
was saying? That it really comes down to being brave 
and quickthinking? 

Harry was so disarmed that she had thought his 
words as well worth memorizing as The Standard 
Book of Spells that he did not argue. 

Harry! Hey, Harry! 

Harry looked around; Jack Sloper, one of the Beaters 
on last years Gryffindor Quidditch team, was 
hurrying toward him holding a roll of parchment. 

For you, panted Sloper. Listen, I heard youre the 
new Captain. Whenre you holding trials? 

Im not sure yet, said Harry, thinking privately that 
Sloper would be very lucky to get back on the team. 
Ill let you know. 

  202 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh, right. I was hoping itd be this weekend   



But Harry was not listening; he had just recognized 
the thin, slanting writing on the parchment. Leaving 
Sloper in midsentence, he hurried away with Ron 
and Hermione, unrolling the parchment as he went. 

Dear Harry, 

I would like to start our private lessons this Saturday. 
Kindly come along to my office at 8 p.m. I hope you are 
enjoying your first day back at school. 

Yours sincerely, 

Albus Dumbledore 

P. S. I enjoy Acid Pops. 

He enjoys Acid Pops? said Ron, who had read the 
message over Harrys shoulder and was looking 
perplexed. 

Its the password to get past the gargoyle outside his 
study, said Harry in a low voice. Ha! Snapes not 
going to be pleased. ... I wont be able to do his 
detention! 

He, Ron, and Hermione spent the whole of break 
speculating on what Dumbledore would teach Harry. 
Ron thought it most likely to be spectacular jinxes 
and hexes of the type the Death Eaters would not 
know. Hermione said such things were illegal, and 
thought it much more likely that Dumbledore wanted 
to teach Harry advanced Defensive magic. After 
break, she went off to Arithmancy while Harry and 
Ron returned to the common room, where they 
grudgingly started Snapes homework. This turned 
out to be so complex that they still had not finished 
  203 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




when Hermione joined them for their afterlunch free 
period (though she considerably speeded up the 
process). They had only just finished when the bell 
rang for the afternoons double Potions and they beat 
the familiar path down to the dungeon classroom that 
had, for so long, been Snapes. 

When they arrived in the corridor they saw that there 
were only a dozen people progressing to N.E.W.T. 
level. Crabbe and Goyle had evidently failed to achieve 
the required O.W.L. grade, but four Slytherins had 
made it through, including Malfoy. Four Ravenclaws 
were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, 
whom Harry liked despite his rather pompous 
manner. 

Harry, Ernie said portentously, holding out his hand 
as Harry approached, didnt get a chance to speak in 
Defense Against the Dark Arts this morning. Good 
lesson, I thought, but Shield Charms are old hat, of 
course, for us old D.A. lags ... And how are you, Ron 
 Hermione? 

Before they could say more than fine, the dungeon 
door opened and Slughorns belly preceded him out of 
the door. As they filed into the room, his great walrus 
mustache curved above his beaming mouth, and he 
greeted Harry and Zabini with particular enthusiasm. 

The dungeon was, most unusually, already full of 
vapors and odd smells. Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
sniffed interestedly as they passed large, bubbling 
cauldrons. The four Slytherins took a table together, 
as did the four Ravenclaws. This left Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione to share a table with Ernie. They chose the 
one nearest a goldcolored cauldron that was emitting 
one of the most seductive scents Harry had ever 
inhaled: Somehow it reminded him simultaneously of 
treacle tart, the woody smell of a broomstick handle, 
  204 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and something flowery he thought he might have 
smelled at the Burrow. He found that he was 
breathing very slowly and deeply and that the potions 
fumes seemed to be filling him up like drink. A great 
contentment stole over him; he grinned across at Ron, 
who grinned back lazily. 

Now then, now then, now then, said Slughorn, 
whose massive outline was quivering through the 
many shimmering vapors. Scales out, everyone, and 
potion kits, and dont forget your copies of Advanced 
PotionMaking. ... 

Sir? said Harry, raising his hand. 

Harry, mboy? 

I havent got a book or scales or anything  nors 
Ron  we didnt realize wed be able to do the 
N.E.W.T., you see   

Ah, yes, Professor McGonagall did mention ... not to 
worry, my dear boy, not to worry at all. You can use 
ingredients from the store cupboard today, and Im 
sure we can lend you some scales, and weve got a 
small stock of old books here, theyll do until you can 
write to Flourish and Blotts. ... 

Slughorn strode over to a corner cupboard and, after 
a moments foraging, emerged with two very battered 
looking copies of Advanced PotionMaking by Libatius 
Borage, which he gave to Harry and Ron along with 
two sets of tarnished scales. 

Now then, said Slughorn, returning to the front of 
the class and inflating his already bulging chest so 
that the buttons on his waistcoat threatened to burst 
off, Ive prepared a few potions for you to have a look 
at, just out of interest, you know. These are the kind 
  205 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




of thing you ought to be able to make after completing 
your N.E.W.T.s. You ought to have heard of em, even 
if you havent made em yet. Anyone tell me what this 
one is? 

He indicated the cauldron nearest the Slytherin table. 
Harry raised himself slightly in his seat and saw what 
looked like plain water boiling away inside it. 

Hermiones wellpracticed hand hit the air before 
anybody elses; Slughorn pointed at her. 

Its Veritaserum, a colorless, odorless potion that 
forces the drinker to tell the truth, said Hermione. 

Very good, very good! said Slughorn happily. Now, 
he continued, pointing at the cauldron nearest the 
Ravenclaw table, this one here is pretty well known. 
... Featured in a few Ministry leaflets lately too ... Who 
can  ? 

Hermiones hand was fastest once more. 

Its Polyjuice Potion, sir, she said. 

Harry too had recognized the slowbubbling, mudlike 
substance in the second cauldron, but did not resent 
Hermione getting the credit for answering the 
question; she, after all, was the one who had 
succeeded in making it, back in their second year. 

Excellent, excellent! Now, this one here ... yes, my 
dear? said Slughorn, now looking slightly bemused, 
as Hermiones hand punched the air again. 

Its Amortentia! 



  206 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It is indeed. It seems almost foolish to ask, said 
Slughorn, who was looking mightily impressed, but I 
assume you know what it does? 

Its the most powerful love potion in the world! said 
Hermione. 

Quite right! You recognized it, I suppose, by its 
distinctive motherofpearl sheen? 

And the steam rising in characteristic spirals, said 
Hermione enthusiastically, and its supposed to 
smell differently to each of us, according to what 
attracts us, and I can smell freshly mown grass and 
new parchment and   

But she turned slightly pink and did not complete the 
sentence. 

May I ask your name, my dear? said Slughorn, 
ignoring Hermiones embarrassment. 

Hermione Granger, sir. 

Granger? Granger? Can you possibly be related to 
Hector DagworthGranger, who founded the Most 
Extraordinary Society of Potioneers? 

No, I dont think so, sir. Im Muggleborn, you see. 

Harry saw Malfoy lean close to Nott and whisper 
something; both of them sniggered, but Slughorn 
showed no dismay; on the contrary, he beamed and 
looked from Hermione to Harry, who was sitting next 
to her. 

Oho! One of my best friends is Muggleborn, and 
shes the best in our yeah Im assuming this is the 
very friend of whom you spoke, Harry? 

  207 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yes, sir, said Harry. 



Well, well, take twenty wellearned points for 
Gryffindor, Miss Granger, said Slughorn genially. 

Malfoy looked rather as he had done the time 
Hermione had punched him in the face. Hermione 
turned to Harry with a radiant expression and 
whispered, Did you really tell him Im the best in the 
year? Oh, Harry! 

Well, whats so impressive about that? whispered 
Ron, who for some reason looked annoyed. You are 
the best in the year  Idve told him so if hed asked 
me! 

Hermione smiled but made a shhing gesture, so that 
they could hear what Slughorn was saying. Ron 
looked slightly disgruntled. 

Amortentia doesnt really create love, of course. It is 
impossible to manufacture or imitate love. No, this 
will simply cause a powerful infatuation or obsession. 
It is probably the most dangerous and powerful 
potion in this room  oh yes, he said, nodding 
gravely at Malfoy and Nott, both of whom were 
smirking skeptically. When you have seen as much 
of life as I have, you will not underestimate the power 
of obsessive love. ... 

And now, said Slughorn, it is time for us to start 
work. 

Sir, you havent told us whats in this one, said 
Ernie Macmillan, pointing at a small black cauldron 
standing on Slughorn s desk. The potion within was 
splashing about merrily; it was the color of molten 
gold, and large drops were leaping like goldfish above 
the surface, though not a particle had spilled. 

  208 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oho, said Slughorn again. Harry was sure that 
Slughorn had not forgotten the potion at all, but had 
waited to be asked for dramatic effect. Yes. That. 
Well, that one, ladies and gentlemen, is a most 
curious little potion called Felix Felicis. I take it, he 
turned, smiling, to look at Hermione, who had let out 
an audible gasp, that you know what Felix Felicis 
does, Miss Granger? 

Its liquid luck, said Hermione excitedly. It makes 
you lucky! 

The whole class seemed to sit up a little straighter. 
Now all Harry could see of Malfoy was the back of his 
sleek blond head, because he was at last giving 
Slughorn his full and undivided attention. 

Quite right, take another ten points for Gryffindor. 
Yes, its a funny little potion, Felix Felicis, said 
Slughorn. Desperately tricky to make, and 
disastrous to get wrong. However, if brewed correctly, 
as this has been, you will find that all your endeavors 
tend to succeed ... at least until the effects wear off. 

Why dont people drink it all the time, sir? said 
Terry Boot eagerly. 

Because if taken in excess, it causes giddiness, 
recklessness, and dangerous overconfidence, said 
Slughorn. Too much of a good thing, you know ... 
highly toxic in large quantities. But taken sparingly, 
and very occasionally ... 

Have you ever taken it, sir? asked Michael Corner 
with great interest. 

Twice in my life, said Slughorn. Once when I was 
twentyfour, once when I was fiftyseven. Two 



  209 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




tablespoonfuls taken with breakfast. Two perfect 
days. 

He gazed dreamily into the distance. Whether he was 
playacting or not, thought Harry, the effect was good. 

And that, said Slughorn, apparently coming back to 
earth, is what I shall be offering as a prize in this 
lesson. 

There was silence in which every bubble and gurgle of 
the surrounding potions seemed magnified tenfold. 

One tiny bottle of Felix Felicis, said Slughorn, taking 
a minuscule glass bottle with a cork in it out of his 
pocket and showing it to them all. Enough for twelve 
hours luck. From dawn till dusk, you will be lucky in 
everything you attempt. 

Now, I must give you warning that Felix Felicis is a 
banned substance in organized competitions . . . 
sporting events, for instance, examinations, or 
elections. So the winner is to use it on an ordinary 
day only . . . and watch how that ordinary day becomes 
extraordinary! 

So, said Slughorn, suddenly brisk, how are you to 
win my fabulous prize? Well, by turning to  ten of 
Advanced PotionMaking. We have a little over an hour 
left to us, which should be time for you to make a 
decent attempt at the Draught of Living Death. I know 
it is more complex than anything you have attempted 
before, and I do not expect a perfect potion from 
anybody. The person who does best, however, will win 
little Felix here. Off you go! 

There was a scraping as everyone drew their 
cauldrons toward them and some loud clunks as 
people began adding weights to their scales, but 

  210 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




nobody spoke. The concentration within the room was 
almost tangible. Harry saw Malfoy riffling feverishly 
through his copy of Advanced PotionMaking. It could 
not have been clearer that Malfoy really wanted that 
lucky day. Harry bent swiftly over the tattered book 
Slughorn had lent him. 

To his annoyance he saw that the previous owner had 
scribbled all over the s, so that the margins were 
as black as the printed portions. Bending low to 
decipher the ingredients (even here, the previous 
owner had made annotations and crossed things out) 
Harry hurried off toward the store cupboard to find 
what he needed. As he dashed back to his cauldron, 
he saw Malfoy cutting up valerian roots as fast as he 
could. 

Everyone kept glancing around at what the rest of the 
class was doing; this was both an advantage and a 
disadvantage of Potions, that it was hard to keep your 
work private. Within ten minutes, the whole place 
was full of bluish steam. Hermione, of course, seemed 
to have progressed furthest. Her potion already 
resembled the smooth, black currantcolored liquid 
mentioned as the ideal halfway stage. 

Having finished chopping his roots, Harry bent low 
over his book again. It was really very irritating, 
having to try and decipher the directions under all the 
stupid scribbles of the previous owner, who for some 
reason had taken issue with the order to cut up the 
sopophorous bean and had written in the alternative 
instruction: 

Crush with flat side of silver dagger, 
releases juice better than cutting. 



  211 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Sir, I think you knew my grandfather, Abraxas 
Malfoy? 

Harry looked up; Slughorn was just passing the 
Slytherin table. 

Yes, said Slughorn, without looking at Malfoy, I 
was sorry to hear he had died, although of course it 
wasnt unexpected, dragon pox at his age. ... 

And he walked away. Harry bent back over his 
cauldron, smirking. He could tell that Malfoy had 
expected to be treated like Harry or Zabini; perhaps 
even hoped for some preferential treatment of the type 
he had learned to expect from Snape. It looked as 
though Malfoy would have to rely on nothing but 
talent to win the bottle of Felix Felicis. 

The sopophorous bean was proving very difficult to 
cut up. Harry turned to Hermione. 

Can I borrow your silver knife? 

She nodded impatiently, not taking her eyes off her 
potion, which was still deep purple, though according 
to the book ought to be turning a light shade of lilac 
by now. 

Harry crushed his bean with the flat side of the 
dagger. To his astonishment, it immediately exuded 
so much juice he was amazed the shriveled bean 
could have held it all. Hastily scooping it all into the 
cauldron he saw, to his surprise, that the potion 
immediately turned exactly the shade of lilac 
described by the textbook. 

His annoyance with the previous owner vanishing on 
the spot, Harry now squinted at the next line of 
instructions. According to the book, he had to stir 

  212 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




counterclockwise until the potion turned clear as 
water. According to the addition the previous owner 
had made, however, he ought to add a clockwise stir 
after every seventh counterclockwise stir. Could the 
old owner be right twice? 

Harry stirred counterclockwise, held his breath, and 
stirred once clockwise. The effect was immediate. The 
potion turned palest pink. 

How are you doing that? demanded Hermione, who 
was redfaced and whose hair was growing bushier 
and bushier in the fumes from her cauldron; her 
potion was still resolutely purple. 

Add a clockwise stir   

No, no, the book says counterclockwise! she 
snapped. 

Harry shrugged and continued what he was doing. 
Seven stirs counterclockwise, one clockwise, pause ... 
seven stirs counterclockwise, one stir clockwise ... 

Across the table, Ron was cursing fluently under his 
breath; his potion looked like liquid licorice. Harry 
glanced around. As far as he could see, no one elses 
potion had turned as pale as his. He felt elated, 
something that had certainly never happened before 
in this dungeon. 

And times ... up! called Slughorn. Stop stirring, 
please! 

Slughorn moved slowly among the tables, peering into 
cauldrons. He made no comment, but occasionally 
gave the potions a stir or a sniff. At last he reached 
the table where Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie 
were sitting. He smiled ruefully at the tarlike 
  213 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




substance in Rons cauldron. He passed over Ernies 
navy concoction. Hermiones potion he gave an 
approving nod. Then he saw Harrys, and a look of 
incredulous delight spread over his face. 

The clear winner! he cried to the dungeon. 

Excellent, excellent, Harry! Good lord, its clear 
youve inherited your mothers talent. She was a dab 
hand at Potions, Lily was! Here you are, then, here 
you are  one bottle of Felix Felicis, as promised, and 
use it well! 

Harry slipped the tiny bottle of golden liquid into his 
inner pocket, feeling an odd combination of delight at 
the furious looks on the Slytherins faces and guilt at 
the disappointed expression on Hermiones. Ron 
looked simply dumbfounded. 

How did you do that? he whispered to Harry as they 
left the dungeon. 

Got lucky, I suppose, said Harry, because Malfoy 
was within earshot. 

Once they were securely ensconced at the Gryffindor 
table for dinner, however, he felt safe enough to tell 
them. Hermiones face became stonier with every 
word he uttered. 

I spose you think I cheated? he finished, aggravated 
by her expression. 

Well, it wasnt exactly your own work, was it? she 
said stiffly. 

He only followed different instructions to ours, said 
Ron. Couldve been a catastrophe, couldnt it? But he 
took a risk and it paid off. He heaved a sigh. 
Slughorn couldve handed me that book, but no, I get 

  214 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the one no ones ever written on. Puked on, by the 
look of  fiftytwo, but   

Hang on, said a voice close by Harrys left ear and 
he caught a sudden waft of that flowery smell he had 
picked up in Slughorns dungeon. He looked around 
and saw that Ginny had joined them. Did I hear 
right? Youve been taking orders from something 
someone wrote in a book, Harry? 

She looked alarmed and angry. Harry knew what was 
on her mind at once. 

Its nothing, he said reassuringly, lowering his voice. 
Its not like, you know, Riddles diary. Its just an old 
textbook someones scribbled on. 

But youre doing what it says? 

I just tried a few of the tips written in the margins, 
