honestly, Ginny, theres nothing funny   

Ginnys got a point, said Hermione, perking up at 
once. We ought to check that theres nothing odd 
about it. I mean, all these funny instructions, who 
knows? 

Hey! said Harry indignantly, as she pulled his copy 
of Advanced PotionMaking out of his bag and raised 
her wand. 

 Specialis Revelio\ she said, rapping it smartly on the 
front cover. 

Nothing whatsoever happened. The book simply lay 
there, looking old and dirty and dogeared. 

Finished? said Harry irritably. Or dyou want to 
wait and see if it does a few backflips? 

  215 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It seems all right, said Hermione, still staring at the 
book suspiciously. I mean, it really does seem to be 
... just a textbook. 

Good. Then Ill have it back, said Harry, snatching it 
off the table, but it slipped from his hand and landed 
open on the floor. 

Nobody else was looking. Harry bent low to retrieve 
the book, and as he did so, he saw something 
scribbled along the bottom of the back cover in the 
same small, cramped handwriting as the instructions 
that had won him his bottle of Felix Felicis, now 
safely hidden inside a pair of socks in his trunk 
upstairs. 

This Book is the Property of the HalfBlood Prince. 



  216 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




10 




THE HOUSE OF GAUNT 

For the rest of the weeks Potions lessons Harry 
continued to follow the HalfBlood Princes 
instructions wherever they deviated from Libatius 
Borages, with the result that by their fourth lesson 
Slughorn was raving about Harrys abilities, saying 
that he had rarely taught anyone so talented. Neither 
Ron nor Hermione was delighted by this. Although 
Harry had offered to share his book with both of 
them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the 
handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep 
asking Harry to read aloud or it might look 
suspicious. Hermione, meanwhile, was resolutely 
plowing on with what she called the official 
instructions, but becoming increasingly badtempered 
as they yielded poorer results than the Princes. 

Harry wondered vaguely who the HalfBlood Prince 
had been. Although the amount of homework they 
had been given prevented him from reading the whole 
of his copy of Advanced PotionMaking, he had 
skimmed through it sufficiently to see that there was 

  217 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




barely a  on which the Prince had not made 
additional notes, not all of them concerned with 
potionmaking. Here and there were directions for 
what looked like spells that the Prince had made up 
himself. 

Or herself, said Hermione irritably, overhearing 
Harry pointing some of these out to Ron in the 
common room on Saturday evening. It might have 
been a girl. I think the handwriting looks more like a 
girls than a boys. 

The HalfBlood Prince, he was called, Harry said. 
How many girls have been Princes? 

Hermione seemed to have no answer to this. She 
merely scowled and twitched her essay on The 
Principles of Re materialization away from Ron, who 
was trying to read it upside down. 

Harry looked at his watch and hurriedly put the old 
copy of Advanced PotionMaking back into his bag. 

Its five to eight, Id better go, Ill be late for 
Dumbledore. 

Ooooh! gasped Hermione, looking up at once. Good 
luck! Well wait up, we want to hear what he teaches 
you! 

Hope it goes okay, said Ron, and the pair of them 
watched Harry leave through the portrait hole. 

Harry proceeded through deserted corridors, though 
he had to step hastily behind a statue when Professor 
Trelawney appeared around a corner, muttering to 
herself as she shuffled a pack of dirtylooking playing 
cards, reading them as she walked. 



  218 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Two of spades: conflict, she murmured, as she 
passed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. 
Seven of spades: an ill omen. Ten of spades: violence. 
Knave of spades: a dark young man, possibly 
troubled, one who dislikes the questioner   

She stopped dead, right on the other side of Harrys 
statue. 

Well, that cant be right, she said, annoyed, and 
Harry heard her reshuffling vigorously as she set off 
again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking sherry 
behind her. Harry waited until he was quite sure she 
had gone, then hurried off again until he reached the 
spot in the seventhfloor corridor where a single 
gargoyle stood against the wall. 

Acid Pops, said Harry, and the gargoyle leapt aside; 
the wall behind it slid apart, and a moving spiral 
stone staircase was revealed, onto which Harry 
stepped, so that he was carried in smooth circles up 
to the door with the brass knocker that led to 
Dumbledores office. 

Harry knocked. 

Come in, said Dumbledores voice. 

Good evening, sir, said Harry, walking into the 
headmasters office. 

Ah, good evening, Harry. Sit down, said 
Dumbledore, smiling. I hope youve had an enjoyable 
first week back at school? 

Yes, thanks, sir, said Harry. 

You must have been busy, a detention under your 
belt already! 

  219 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Er, began Harry awkwardly, but Dumbledore did 
not look too stern. 

I have arranged with Professor Snape that you will 
do your detention next Saturday instead. 

Right, said Harry, who had more pressing matters 
on his mind than S napes detention, and now looked 
around surreptitiously for some indication of what 
Dumbledore was planning to do with him this 
evening. The circular office looked just as it always 
did; the delicate silver instruments stood on spindle 
legged tables, puffing smoke and whirring; portraits of 
previous headmasters and headmistresses dozed in 
their frames, and Dumbledores magnificent phoenix, 
Fawkes, stood on his perch behind the door, watching 
Harry with bright interest. It did not even look as 
though Dumbledore had cleared a space for dueling 
practice. 

So, Harry, said Dumbledore, in a businesslike voice. 
You have been wondering, I am sure, what I have 
planned for you during these  for want of a better 
word  lessons? 

Yes, sir. 

Well, I have decided that it is time, now that you 
know what prompted Lord Voldemort to try and kill 
you fifteen years ago, for you to be given certain 
information. 

There was a pause. 

You said, at the end of last term, you were going to 
tell me everything, said Harry. It was hard to keep a 
note of accusation from his voice. Sir, he added. 



  220 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And so I did, said Dumbledore placidly. I told you 
everything I know. From this point forth, we shall be 
leaving the firm foundation of fact and journeying 
together through the murky marshes of memory into 
thickets of wildest guesswork. From here on in, 

Harry, I may be as woefully wrong as Humphrey 
Belcher, who believed the time was ripe for a cheese 
cauldron. 

But you think youre right? said Harry. 

Naturally I do, but as I have already proven to you, I 
make mistakes like the next man. In fact, being  
forgive me  rather cleverer than most men, my 
mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger. 

Sir, said Harry tentatively, does what youre going 
to tell me have anything to do with the prophecy? Will 
it help me . . . survive? 

It has a very great deal to do with the prophecy, said 
Dumbledore, as casually as if Harry had asked him 
about the next days weather, and I certainly hope 
that it will help you to survive. 

Dumbledore got to his feet and walked around the 
desk, past Harry, who turned eagerly in his seat to 
watch Dumbledore bending over the cabinet beside 
the door. When Dumbledore straightened up, he was 
holding a familiar shallow stone basin etched with 
odd markings around its rim. He placed the Pensieve 
on the desk in front of Harry. 

You look worried. 

Harry had indeed been eyeing the Pensieve with some 
apprehension. His previous experiences with the odd 
device that stored and revealed thoughts and 
memories, though highly instructive, had also been 

  221 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




uncomfortable. The last time he had disturbed its 
contents, he had seen much more than he would 
have wished. But Dumbledore was smiling. 

This time, you enter the Pensieve with me ... and, 
even more unusually, with permission. 

Where are we going, sir? 

For a trip down Bob Ogdens memory lane, said 
Dumbledore, pulling from his pocket a crystal bottle 
containing a swirling silvery white substance. 

Who was Bob Ogden? 

He was employed by the Department of Magical Law 
Enforcement, said Dumbledore. He died some time 
ago, but not before I had tracked him down and 
persuaded him to confide these recollections to me. 

We are about to accompany him on a visit he made in 
the course of his duties. If you will stand, Harry ... 

But Dumbledore was having difficulty pulling out the 
stopper of the crystal bottle: His injured hand seemed 
stiff and painful. 

Shall  shall I, sir? 

No matter, Harry   

Dumbledore pointed his wand at the bottle and the 
cork flew out. 

Sir  how did you injure your hand? Harry asked 
again, looking at the blackened fingers with a mixture 
of revulsion and pity. 

Now is not the moment for that story, Harry. Not yet. 
We have an appointment with Bob Ogden. 

  222 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore tipped the silvery contents of the bottle 
into the Pensieve, where they swirled and shimmered, 
neither liquid nor gas. 

After you, said Dumbledore, gesturing toward the 
bowl. 

Harry bent forward, took a deep breath, and plunged 
his face into the silvery substance. He felt his feet 
leave the office floor; he was falling, falling through 
whirling darkness and then, quite suddenly, he was 
blinking in dazzling sunlight. Before his eyes had 
adjusted, Dumbledore landed beside him. 

They were standing in a country lane bordered by 
high, tangled hedgerows, beneath a summer sky as 
bright and blue as a forgetmenot. Some ten feet in 
front of them stood a short, plump man wearing 
enormously thick glasses that reduced his eyes to 
molelike specks. He was reading a wooden signpost 
that was sticking out of the brambles on the lefthand 
side of the road. Harry knew this must be Ogden; he 
was the only person in sight, and he was also wearing 
the strange assortment of clothes so often chosen by 
inexperienced wizards trying to look like Muggles: in 
this case, a frock coat and spats over a striped one 
piece bathing costume. Before Harry had time to do 
more than register his bizarre appearance, however, 
Ogden had set off at a brisk walk down the lane. 

Dumbledore and Harry followed. As they passed the 
wooden sign, Harry looked up at its two arms. The 
one pointing back the way they had come read: 

GREAT HANGLETON, 5 MILES. The arm pointing 
after Ogden said LITTLE HANGLETON, 1 MILE. 

They walked a short way with nothing to see but the 
hedgerows, the wide blue sky overhead and the 
swishing, frockcoated figure ahead. Then the lane 

  223 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




curved to the left and fell away, sloping steeply down 
a hillside, so that they had a sudden, unexpected 
view of a whole valley laid out in front of them. Harry 
could see a village, undoubtedly Little Hangleton, 
nestled between two steep hills, its church and 
graveyard clearly visible. Across the valley, set on the 
opposite hillside, was a handsome manor house 
surrounded by a wide expanse of velvety green lawn. 

Ogden had broken into a reluctant trot due to the 
steep downward slope. Dumbledore lengthened his 
stride, and Harry hurried to keep up. He thought 
Little Hangleton must be their final destination and 
wondered, as he had done on the night they had 
found Slughorn, why they had to approach it from 
such a distance. He soon discovered that he was 
mistaken in thinking that they were going to the 
village, however. The lane curved to the right and 
when they rounded the corner, it was to see the very 
edge of Ogdens frock coat vanishing through a gap in 
the hedge. 

Dumbledore and Harry followed him onto a narrow 
dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerows 
than those they had left behind. The path was 
crooked, rocky, and potholed, sloping downhill like 
the last one, and it seemed to be heading for a patch 
of dark trees a little below them. Sure enough, the 
track soon opened up at the copse, and Dumbledore 
and Harry came to a halt behind Ogden, who had 
stopped and drawn his wand. 

Despite the cloudless sky, the old trees ahead cast 
deep, dark, cool shadows, and it was a few seconds 
before Harrys eyes discerned the building halfhidden 
amongst the tangle of trunks. It seemed to him a very 
strange location to choose for a house, or else an odd 
decision to leave the trees growing nearby, blocking 
all light and the view of the valley below. He wondered 
  224 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




whether it was inhabited; its walls were mossy and so 
many tiles had fallen off the roof that the rafters were 
visible in places. Nettles grew all around it, their tips 
reaching the windows, which were tiny and thick with 
grime. Just as he had concluded that nobody could 
possibly live there, however, one of the windows was 
thrown open with a clatter, and a thin trickle of steam 
or smoke issued from it, as though somebody was 
cooking. 

Ogden moved forward quietly and, it seemed to Harry, 
rather cautiously. As the dark shadows of the trees 
slid over him, he stopped again, staring at the front 
door, to which somebody had nailed a dead snake. 

Then there was a rustle and a crack, and a man in 
rags dropped from the nearest tree, landing on his 
feet right in front of Ogden, who leapt backward so 
fast he stood on the tails of his frock coat and 
stumbled. 

 Youre not welcome. 

The man standing before them had thick hair so 
matted with dirt it could have been any color. Several 
of his teeth were missing. His eyes were small and 
dark and stared in opposite directions. He might have 
looked comical, but he did not; the effect was 
frightening, and Harry could not blame Ogden for 
backing away several more paces before he spoke. 

Er  good morning. Im from the Ministry of Magic 



 Youre not welcome. 

Er  Im sorry  I dont understand you, said 
Ogden nervously. 



  225 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry thought Ogden was being extremely dim; the 
stranger was making himself very clear in Harrys 
opinion, particularly as he was brandishing a wand in 
one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the 
other. 

You understand him, Im sure, Harry? said 
Dumbledore quietly. 

Yes, of course, said Harry, slightly nonplussed. 

Why cant Ogden  ? 

But as his eyes found the dead snake on the door 
again, he suddenly understood. 

Hes speaking Parseltongue? 

Very good, said Dumbledore, nodding and smiling. 

The man in rags was now advancing on Ogden, knife 
in one hand, wand in the other. 

Now, look   Ogden began, but too late: There was a 
bang, and Ogden was on the ground, clutching his 
nose, while a nasty yellowish goo squirted from 
between his fingers. 

Morfin! said a loud voice. 

An elderly man had come hurrying out of the cottage, 
banging the door behind him so that the dead snake 
swung pathetically. This man was shorter than the 
first, and oddly proportioned; his shoulders were very 
broad and his arms overlong, which, with his bright 
brown eyes, short scrubby hair, and wrinkled face, 
gave him the look of a powerful, aged monkey. He 
came to a halt beside the man with the knife, who 
was now cackling with laughter at the sight of Ogden 
on the ground. 

  226 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ministry, is it? said the older man, looking down at 
Ogden. 

Correct! said Ogden angrily, dabbing his face. And 
you, I take it, are Mr. Gaunt? 

Sright, said Gaunt. Got you in the face, did he? 

Yes, he did! snapped Ogden. 

Shouldve made your presence known, shouldnt 
you? said Gaunt aggressively. This is private 
property. Cant just walk in here and not expect my 
son to defend himself. 

Defend himself against what, man? said Ogden, 
clambering back to his feet. 

Busybodies. Intruders. Muggles and filth. 

Ogden pointed his wand at his own nose, which was 
still issuing large amounts of what looked like yellow 
pus, and the flow stopped at once. Mr. Gaunt spoke 
out of the corner of his mouth to Morfin. 

Get in the house. Dont argue. 

This time, ready for it, Harry recognized Parseltongue; 
even while he could understand what was being said, 
he distinguished the weird hissing noise that was all 
Ogden could hear. Morfin seemed to be on the point 
of disagreeing, but when his father cast him a 
threatening look he changed his mind, lumbering 
away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and 
slamming the front door behind him, so that the 
snake swung sadly again. 



  227 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Its your son Im here to see, Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden, 
as he mopped the last of the pus from the front of his 
coat. That was Morfin, wasnt it? 

Ar, that was Morfin, said the old man indifferently. 
Are you pureblood? he asked, suddenly aggressive. 

Thats neither here nor there, said Ogden coldly, 
and Harry felt his respect for Ogden rise. Apparently 
Gaunt felt rather differently. He squinted into Ogdens 
face and muttered, in what was clearly supposed to 
be an offensive tone, Now I come to think about it, 

Ive seen noses like yours down in the village. 

I dont doubt it, if your sons been let loose on them, 
said Ogden. Perhaps we could continue this 
discussion inside? 

Inside? 

Yes, Mr. Gaunt. Ive already told you. Im here about 
Morfin. We sent an owl   

Ive no use for owls, said Gaunt. I dont open 
letters. 

Then you can hardly complain that you get no 
warning of visitors, said Ogden tartly. I am here 
following a serious breach of Wizarding law, which 
occurred here in the early hours of this morning   

All right, all right, all right! bellowed Gaunt. Come 
in the bleeding house, then, and much good itll do 
you! 

The house seemed to contain three tiny rooms. Two 
doors led off the main room, which served as kitchen 
and living room combined. Morfin was sitting in a 
filthy armchair beside the smoking fire, twisting a live 

  228 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




adder between his thick fingers and crooning softly at 
it in Parseltongue: 

Hissy, hissy, little snakey, 

Slither on the floor, 

You be good to Morfin 
Or hell nail you to the door. 

There was a scuffling noise in the corner beside the 
open window, and Harry realized that there was 
somebody else in the room, a girl whose ragged gray 
dress was the exact color of the dirty stone wall 
behind her. She was standing beside a steaming pot 
on a grimy black stove, and was fiddling around with 
the shelf of squalidlooking pots and pans above it. 
Her hair was lank and dull and she had a plain, pale, 
rather heavy face. Her eyes, like her brothers, stared 
in opposite directions. She looked a little cleaner than 
the two men, but Harry thought he had never seen a 
more defeatedlooking person. 

Mdaughter, Merope, said Gaunt grudgingly, as 
Ogden looked inquiringly toward her. 

Good morning, said Ogden. 

She did not answer, but with a frightened glance at 
her father turned her back on the room and 
continued shifting the pots on the shelf behind her. 

Well, Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden, to get straight to the 
point, we have reason to believe that your son, 

Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last 
night. 

There was a deafening clang. Merope had dropped 
one of the pots. 



  229 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Pick it up\ Gaunt bellowed at her. Thats it, grub on 
the floor like some filthy Muggle, whats your wand 
for, you useless sack of muck? 

Mr. Gaunt, please! said Ogden in a shocked voice, 
as Merope, who had already picked up the pot, 
flushed blotchily scarlet, lost her grip on the pot 
again, drew her wand shakily from her pocket, 
pointed it at the pot, and muttered a hasty, inaudible 
spell that caused the pot to shoot across the floor 
away from her, hit the opposite wall, and crack in 
two. 

Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter. Gaunt 
screamed, Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it! 

Merope stumbled across the room, but before she had 
time to raise her wand, Ogden had lifted his own and 
said firmly, Reparo. The pot mended itself instantly. 

Gaunt looked for a moment as though he was going to 
shout at Ogden, but seemed to think better of it: 
Instead, he jeered at his daughter, Lucky the nice 
man from the Ministrys here, isnt it? Perhaps hell 
take you off my hands, perhaps he doesnt mind dirty 
Squibs. ... 

Without looking at anybody or thanking Ogden, 
Merope picked up the pot and returned it, hands 
trembling, to its shelf. She then stood quite still, her 
back against the wall between the filthy window and 
the stove, as though she wished for nothing more 
than to sink into the stone and vanish. 

Mr. Gaunt, Ogden began again, as Ive said: the 
reason for my visit   



  230 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I heard you the first time! snapped Gaunt. And so 
what? Morfin gave a Muggle a bit of what was coming 
to him  what about it, then? 

Morfin has broken Wizarding law, said Ogden 
sternly. 

 Morfin has broken Wizarding law.  Gaunt imitated 
Ogdens voice, making it pompous and singsong. 
Morfin cackled again. He taught a filthy Muggle a 
lesson, thats illegal now, is it? 

Yes, said Ogden. Im afraid it is. 

He pulled from an inside pocket a small scroll of 
parchment and unrolled it. 

Whats that, then, his sentence? said Gaunt, his 
voice rising angrily. 

It is a summons to the Ministry for a hearing   

Summons! Summons? Who do you think you are, 
summoning my son anywhere? 

Im Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad, 
said Ogden. 

And you think were scum, do you? screamed 
Gaunt, advancing on Ogden now, with a dirty yellow 
nailed finger pointing at his chest. Scum wholl come 
running when the Ministry tells em to? Do you know 
who youre talking to, you filthy little Mudblood, do 
you? 

I was under the impression that I was speaking to 
Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden, looking wary, but standing 
his ground. 



  231 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Thats right! roared Gaunt. For a moment, Harry 
thought Gaunt was making an obscene hand gesture, 
but then realized that he was showing Ogden the 
ugly, black stoned ring he was wearing on his middle 
finger, waving it before Ogdens eyes. See this? See 
this? Know what it is? Know where it came from? 
Centuries its been in our family, thats how far back 
we go, and pureblood all the way! Know how much 
Ive been offered for this, with the Peverell coat of 
arms engraved on the stone? 

Ive really no idea, said Ogden, blinking as the ring 
sailed within an inch of his nose, and its quite 
beside the point, Mr. Gaunt. Your son has committed 



With a howl of rage, Gaunt ran toward his daughter. 
For a split second, Harry thought he was going to 
throttle her as his hand flew to her throat; next 
moment, he was dragging her toward Ogden by a gold 
chain around her neck. 

See this? he bellowed at Ogden, shaking a heavy 
gold locket at him, while Merope spluttered and 
gasped for breath. 

I see it, I see it! said Ogden hastily. 

Slytherinsl yelled Gaunt. Salazar Slytherins! Were 
his last living descendants, what do you say to that, 
eh? 

Mr. Gaunt, your daughter! said Ogden in alarm, but 
Gaunt had already released Merope; she staggered 
away from him, back to her corner, massaging her 
neck and gulping for air. 

So! said Gaunt triumphantly, as though he had just 
proved a complicated point beyond all possible 

  232 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




dispute. Dont you go talking to us as if were dirt on 
your shoes! Generations of purebloods, wizards all  
more than you can say, I dont doubt! 

And he spat on the floor at Ogdens feet. Morfin 
cackled again. Merope, huddled beside the window, 
her head bowed and her face hidden by her lank hair, 
said nothing. 

Mr. Gaunt, said Ogden doggedly, I am afraid that 
neither your ancestors nor mine have anything to do 
with the matter in hand. I am here because of Morfin, 
Morfin and the Muggle he accosted late last night. 

Our information  he glanced down at his scroll of 
parchment  is that Morfin performed a jinx or hex 
on the said Muggle, causing him to erupt in highly 
painful hives. 

Morfin giggled. 

 Be quiet, boy, snarled Gaunt in Parseltongue, and 
Morfin fell silent again. 

And so what if he did, then? Gaunt said defiantly to 
Ogden. I expect youve wiped the Muggle s filthy face 
clean for him, and his memory to boot   

Thats hardly the point, is it, Mr. Gaunt? said 
Ogden. This was an unprovoked attack on a 
defenseless   

Ar, I had you marked out as a Mugglelover the 
moment I saw you, sneered Gaunt, and he spat on 
the floor again. 

This discussion is getting us nowhere, said Ogden 
firmly. It is clear from your sons attitude that he 
feels no remorse for his actions. He glanced down at 
his scroll of parchment again. Morfin will attend a 

  233 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the 
charges of using magic in front of a Muggle and 
causing harm and distress to that same Mugg   

Ogden broke off. The jingling, clopping sounds of 
horses and loud, laughing voices were drifting in 
through the open window. Apparently the winding 
lane to the village passed very close to the copse 
where the house stood. Gaunt froze, listening, his 
eyes wide. Morfin hissed and turned his face toward 
the sounds, his expression hungry. Merope raised her 
head. Her face, Harry saw, was starkly white. 

My God, what an eyesore! rang out a girls voice, as 
clearly audible through the open window as if she had 
stood in the room beside them. Couldnt your father 
have that hovel cleared away, Tom? 

Its not ours, said a young mans voice. Everything 
on the other side of the valley belongs to us, but that 
cottage belongs to an old tramp called Gaunt, and his 
children. The sons quite mad, you should hear some 
of the stories they tell in the village   

The girl laughed. The jingling, clopping noises were 
growing louder and louder. Morfin made to get out of 
his armchair. 

Keep your seat, said his father warningly, in 
Parseltongue. 

Tom, said the girls voice again, now so close they 
were clearly right beside the house, I might be wrong 
 but has somebody nailed a snake to that door? 

Good lord, youre right! said the mans voice. Thatll 
be the son, I told you hes not right in the head. Dont 
look at it, Cecilia, darling. 



  234 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The jingling and clopping sounds were now growing 
fainter again. 

 Darling,  whispered Morfin in Parseltongue, 
looking at his sister.  Darling, he called her. So he 
wouldnt have you anyway. 

Merope was so white Harry felt sure she was going to 
faint. 

Whats that? said Gaunt sharply, also in 
Parseltongue, looking from his son to his daughter. 

 What did you say, Morfin? 

She likes looking at that Muggle, said Morfin, a 
vicious expression on his face as he stared at his 
sister, who now looked terrified. Always in the 
garden when he passes, peering through the hedge at 
him, isnt she? And last night   

Merope shook her head jerkily, imploringly, but 
Morfin went on ruthlessly, Hanging out of the 
window waiting for him to ride home, wasnt she? 

Hanging out of the window to look at a Muggle? said 
Gaunt quietly. 

All three of the Gaunts seemed to have forgotten 
Ogden, who was looking both bewildered and irritated 
at this renewed outbreak of incomprehensible hissing 
and rasping. 

Is it true? said Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a 
step or two toward the terrified girl. My daughter  
pureblooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin  
hankering after a filthy, dirtveined Muggle? 

Merope shook her head frantically, pressing herself 
into the wall, apparently unable to speak. 

  235 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But I got him, FatheA cackled Morfin. I got him as 
he went by and he didnt look so pretty with hives all 
over him, did he, Merope? 

You disgusting little Squib, you filthy little blood 
traitoA. roared Gaunt, losing control, and his hands 
closed around his daughters throat. 

Both Harry and Ogden yelled No! at the same time; 
Ogden raised his wand and cried, Relashiol Gaunt 
was thrown backward, away from his daughter; he 
tripped over a chair and fell flat on his back. With a 
roar of rage, Morfin leapt out of his chair and ran at 
Ogden, brandishing his bloody knife and firing hexes 
indiscriminately from his wand. 

Ogden ran for his life. Dumbledore indicated that they 
ought to follow and Harry obeyed, Merope s screams 
echoing in his ears. 

Ogden hurtled up the path and erupted onto the main 
lane, his arms over his head, where he collided with 
the glossy chestnut horse ridden by a very handsome, 
darkhaired young man. Both he and the pretty girl 
riding beside him on a gray horse roared with 
laughter at the sight of Ogden, who bounced off the 
horses flank and set off again, his frock coat flying, 
covered from head to foot in dust, running pellmell 
up the lane. 

I think that will do, Harry, said Dumbledore. He 
took Harry by the elbow and tugged. Next moment, 
they were both soaring weightlessly through 
darkness, until they landed squarely on their feet, 
back in Dumbledore s now twilit office. 

What happened to the girl in the cottage? said Harry 
at once, as Dumbledore lit extra lamps with a flick of 
his wand. Merope, or whatever her name was? 

  236 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh, she survived, said Dumbledore, reseating 
himself behind his desk and indicating that Harry 
should sit down too. Ogden Apparated back to the 
Ministry and returned with reinforcements within 
fifteen minutes. Morfin and his father attempted to 
fight, but both were overpowered, removed from the 
cottage, and subsequently convicted by the 
Wizengamot. Morfin, who already had a record of 
Muggle attacks, was sentenced to three years in 
Azkaban. Marvolo, who had injured several Ministry 
employees in addition to Ogden, received six months. 

Marvolo? Harry repeated wonderingly. 

Thats right, said Dumbledore, smiling in approval. 

I am glad to see youre keeping up. 

That old man was  ? 

Voldemorts grandfather, yes, said Dumbledore. 
Marvolo, his son, Morfin, and his daughter, Merope, 
were the last of the Gaunts, a very ancient Wizarding 
family noted for a vein of instability and violence that 
flourished through the generations due to their habit 
of marrying their own cousins. Lack of sense coupled 
with a great liking for grandeur meant that the family 
gold was squandered several generations before 
Marvolo was born. He, as you saw, was left in squalor 
and poverty, with a very nasty temper, a fantastic 
amount of arrogance and pride, and a couple of 
family heirlooms that he treasured just as much as 
his son, and rather more than his daughter. 

So Merope, said Harry, leaning forward in his chair 
and staring at Dumbledore, so Merope was ... Sir, 
does that mean she was ... Voldemorts mother? 



  237 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It does, said Dumbledore. And it so happens that 
we also had a glimpse of Voldemorts father. I wonder 
whether you noticed? 

The Muggle Morfin attacked? The man on the 
horse? 

Very good indeed, said Dumbledore, beaming. Yes, 
that was Tom Riddle senior, the handsome Muggle 
who used to go riding past the Gaunt cottage and for 
whom Merope Gaunt cherished a secret, burning 
passion. 

And they ended up married? Harry said in disbelief, 
unable to imagine two people less likely to fall in love. 

I think you are forgetting, said Dumbledore, that 
Merope was a witch. I do not believe that her magical 
powers appeared to their best advantage when she 
was being terrorized by her father. Once Marvolo and 
Morfin were safely in Azkaban, once she was alone 
and free for the first time in her life, then, I am sure, 
she was able to give full rein to her abilities and to 
plot her escape from the desperate life she had led for 
eighteen years. 

Can you not think of any measure Merope could 
have taken to make Tom Riddle forget his Muggle 
companion, and fall in love with her instead? 

The Imperius Curse? Harry suggested. Or a love 
potion? 

Very good. Personally, I am inclined to think that she 
used a love potion. I am sure it would have seemed 
more romantic to her, and I do not think it would 
have been very difficult, some hot day, when Riddle 
was riding alone, to persuade him to take a drink of 
water. In any case, within a few months of the scene 
  238 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




we have just witnessed, the village of Little Hangleton 
enjoyed a tremendous scandal. You can imagine the 
gossip it caused when the squires son ran off with 
the tramps daughter, Merope. 

But the villagers shock was nothing to Marvolos. He 
returned from Azkaban, expecting to find his 
daughter dutifully awaiting his return with a hot meal 
ready on his table. Instead, he found a clear inch of 
dust and her note of farewell, explaining what she 
had done. 

From all that I have been able to discover, he never 
mentioned her name or existence from that time 
forth. The shock of her desertion may have 
contributed to his early death  or perhaps he had 
simply never learned to feed himself. Azkaban had 
greatly weakened Marvolo, and he did not live to see 
Morfin return to the cottage. 

And Merope? She ... she died, didnt she? Wasnt 
Voldemort brought up in an orphanage? 

Yes, indeed, said Dumbledore. We must do a 
certain amount of guessing here, although I do not 
think it is difficult to deduce what happened. You see, 
within a few months of their runaway marriage, Tom 
Riddle reappeared at the manor house in Little 
Hangleton without his wife. The rumor flew around 
the neighborhood that he was talking of being 
hoodwinked and taken in. What he meant, I am 
sure, is that he had been under an enchantment that 
had now lifted, though I daresay he did not dare use 
those precise words for fear of being thought insane. 
When they heard what he was saying, however, the 
villagers guessed that Merope had lied to Tom Riddle, 
pretending that she was going to have his baby, and 
that he had married her for this reason. 



  239 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But she did have his baby. 



But not until a year after they were married. Tom 
Riddle left her while she was still pregnant. 

What went wrong? asked Harry. Why did the love 
potion stop working? 

Again, this is guesswork, said Dumbledore, but I 
believe that Merope, who was deeply in love with her 
husband, could not bear to continue enslaving him by 
magical means. I believe that she made the choice to 
stop giving him the potion. Perhaps, besotted as she 
was, she had convinced herself that he would by now 
have fallen in love with her in return. Perhaps she 
thought he would stay for the babys sake. If so, she 
was wrong on both counts. He left her, never saw her 
again, and never troubled to discover what became of 
his son. 

The sky outside was inky black and the lamps in 
Dumbledore s office seemed to glow more brightly 
than before. 

I think that will do for tonight, Harry, said 
Dumbledore after a moment or two. 

Yes, sir, said Harry. 

He got to his feet, but did not leave. 

Sir ... is it important to know all this about 
Voldemorts past? 

Very important, I think, said Dumbledore. 

And it ... its got something to do with the prophecy? 

It has everything to do with the prophecy. 

  240 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Right, said Harry, a little confused, but reassured 
all the same. 

He turned to go, then another question occurred to 
him, and he turned back again. Sir, am I allowed to 
tell Ron and Hermione everything youve told me? 

Dumbledore considered him for a moment, then said, 
Yes, I think Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger have 
proved themselves trustworthy. But Harry, I am going 
to ask you to ask them not to repeat any of this to 
anybody else. It would not be a good idea if word got 
around how much I know, or suspect, about Lord 
Voldemorts secrets. 

No, sir, Ill make sure its just Ron and Hermione. 
Good night. 

He turned away again, and was almost at the door 
when he saw it. Sitting on one of the little spindle 
legged tables that supported so many fraillooking 
silver instruments, was an ugly gold ring set with a 
large, cracked, black stone. 

Sir, said Harry, staring at it. That ring   

Yes? said Dumbledore. 

You were wearing it when we visited Professor 
Slughorn that night. 

So I was, Dumbledore agreed. 

But isnt it ... sir, isnt it the same ring Marvolo 
Gaunt showed Ogden? 

Dumbledore bowed his head. The very same. 

But how come  ? Have you always had it? 

  241 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, I acquired it very recently, said Dumbledore. A 
few days before I came to fetch you from your aunt 
and uncles, in fact. 

That would be around the time you injured your 
hand, then, sir? 

Around that time, yes, Harry. 

Harry hesitated. Dumbledore was smiling. 

Sir, how exactly  ? 

Too late, Harry! You shall hear the story another 
time. Good night. 

Good night, sir. 



  242 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






HERMIONES HELPING HAND 

As Hermione had predicted, the sixth years free 
periods were not the hours of blissful relaxation Ron 
had anticipated, but times in which to attempt to 
keep up with the vast amount of homework they were 
being set. Not only were they studying as though they 
had exams every day, but the lessons themselves had 
become more demanding than ever before. Harry 
barely understood half of what Professor McGonagall 
said to them these days; even Hermione had had to 
ask her to repeat instructions once or twice. 
Incredibly, and to Hermione s increasing resentment, 
Harrys best subject had suddenly become Potions, 
thanks to the HalfBlood Prince. 

Nonverbal spells were now expected, not only in 
Defense Against the Dark Arts, but in Charms and 
Transfiguration too. Harry frequently looked over at 
his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes 
to see them purple in the face and straining as 
though they had overdosed on UNoPoo; but he knew 
that they were really struggling to make spells work 



  243 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



without saying incantations aloud. It was a relief to 
get outside into the greenhouses; they were dealing 
with more dangerous plants than ever in Herbology, 
but at least they were still allowed to swear loudly if 
the Venomous Tentacula seized them unexpectedly 
from behind. 

One result of their enormous workload and the frantic 
hours of practicing nonverbal spells was that Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione had so far been unable to find 
time to go and visit Hagrid. He had stopped coming to 
meals at the staff table, an ominous sign, and on the 
few occasions when they had passed him in the 
corridors or out in the grounds, he had mysteriously 
failed to notice them or hear their greetings. 

Weve got to go and explain, said Hermione, looking 
up at Hagrid s huge empty chair at the staff table the 
following Saturday at breakfast. 

Weve got Quidditch tryouts this morning! said Ron. 
And were supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti 
Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain what? How are 
we going to tell him we hated his stupid subject? 

We didnt hate it! said Hermione. 

Speak for yourself, I havent forgotten the skrewts, 
said Ron darkly. And Im telling you now, weve had a 
narrow escape. You didnt hear him going on about 
his gormless brother  wed have been teaching 
Grawp how to tie his shoelaces if wed stayed. 

I hate not talking to Hagrid, said Hermione, looking 
upset. 

Well go down after Quidditch, Harry assured her. 

He too was missing Hagrid, although like Ron he 
thought that they were better off without Grawp in 

  244 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




their lives. But trials might take all morning, the 
number of people who have applied. He felt slightly 
nervous at confronting the first hurdle of his 
Captaincy. I dunno why the teams this popular all of 
a sudden. 

Oh, come on, Harry, said Hermione, suddenly 
impatient. Its not Quidditch thats popular, its you! 
Youve never been more interesting, and frankly, 
youve never been more fanciable. 

Ron gagged on a large piece of kipper. Hermione 
spared him one look of disdain before turning back to 
Harry. 

Everyone knows youve been telling the truth now, 
dont they? The whole Wizarding world has had to 
admit that you were right about Voldemort being back 
and that you really have fought him twice in the last 
two years and escaped both times. And now theyre 
calling you the Chosen One  well, come on, cant 
you see why people are fascinated by you? 

Harry was finding the Great Hall very hot all of a 
sudden, even though the ceiling still looked cold and 
rainy. 

And youve been through all that persecution from 
the Ministry when they were trying to make out you 
were unstable and a liar. You can still see the marks 
on the back of your hand where that evil woman 
made you write with your own blood, but you stuck to 
your story anyway. ... 

You can still see where those brains got hold of me in 
the Ministry, look, said Ron, shaking back his 
sleeves. 



  245 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And it doesnt hurt that youve grown about a foot 
over the summer either, Hermione finished, ignoring 
Ron. 

Im tall, said Ron inconsequentially. 

The post owls arrived, swooping down through rain 
flecked windows, scattering everyone with droplets of 
water. Most people were receiving more post than 
usual; anxious parents were keen to hear from their 
children and to reassure them, in turn, that all was 
well at home. Harry had received no mail since the 
start of term; his only regular correspondent was now 
dead and although he had hoped that Lupin might 
write occasionally, he had so far been disappointed. 
He was very surprised, therefore, to see the snowy 
white Hedwig circling amongst all the brown and gray 
owls. She landed in front of him carrying a large, 
square package. A moment later, an identical package 
landed in front of Ron, crushing beneath it his 
minuscule and exhausted owl, Pigwidgeon. 

Ha! said Harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a 
new copy of Advanced PotionMaking, fresh from 
Flourish and Blotts. 

Oh good, said Hermione, delighted. Now you can 
give that graffitied copy back. 

Are you mad? said Harry. Im keeping it! Look, Ive 
thought it out   

He pulled the old copy of Advanced PotionMaking out 
of his bag and tapped the cover with his wand, 
muttering, Diffindol The cover fell off. He did the 
same thing with the brandnew book (Hermione 
looked scandalized). He then swapped the covers, 
tapped each, and said, Reparo\ 



  246 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There sat the Princes copy, disguised as a new book, 
and there sat the fresh copy from Flourish and Blotts, 
looking thoroughly secondhand. 

Ill give Slughorn back the new one, he cant 
complain, it cost nine Galleons. 

Hermione pressed her lips together, looking angry 
and disapproving, but was distracted by a third owl 
landing in front of her carrying that days copy of the 
Daily Prophet. She unfolded it hastily and scanned 
the front . 

Anyone we know dead? asked Ron in a determinedly 
casual voice; he posed the same question every time 
Hermione opened her paper. 

No, but there have been more dementor attacks, 
said Hermione. And an arrest. 

Excellent, who? said Harry, thinking of Bellatrix 
Lestrange. 

Stan Shunpike, said Hermione. 

What? said Harry, startled. 

 Stanley Shunpike , conductor on the popular 
Wizarding conveyance the Knight Bus, has been 
arrested on suspicion of Death Eater activity. Mr. 
Shunpike, 21, was taken into custody late last night 
after a raid on his Clapham home ...  

Stan Shunpike, a Death Eater? said Harry, 
remembering the spotty youth he had first met three 
years before. No way! 

He might have been put under the Imperius Curse, 
said Ron reasonably. You never can tell. 

  247 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It doesnt look like it, said Hermione, who was still 
reading. It says here he was arrested after he was 
overheard talking about the Death Eaters secret 
plans in a pub. She looked up with a troubled 
expression on her face. If he was under the Imperius 
Curse, hed hardly stand around gossiping about 
their plans, would he? 

It sounds like he was trying to make out he knew 
more than he did, said Ron. Isnt he the one who 
claimed he was going to become Minister of Magic 
when he was trying to chat up those veela? 

Yeah, thats him, said Harry. I dunno what theyre 
playing at, taking Stan seriously. 

They probably want to look as though theyre doing 
something, said Hermione, frowning. People are 
terrified  you know the Patil twins parents want 
them to go home? And Eloise Midgen has already 
been withdrawn. Her father picked her up last night. 

What! said Ron, goggling at Hermione. But 
Hogwarts is safer than their homes, bound to be! 
Weve got Aurors, and all those extra protective spells, 
and weve got Dumbledore! 

I dont think weve got him all the time, said 
Hermione very quietly, glancing toward the staff table 
over the top of the Prophet Havent you noticed? His 
seats been empty as often as Hagrids this past 
week. 

Harry and Ron looked up at the staff table. The 
headmasters chair was indeed empty. Now Harry 
came to think of it, he had not seen Dumbledore 
since their private lesson a week ago. 



  248 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I think hes left the school to do something with the 
Order, said Hermione in a low voice. I mean ... its 
all looking serious, isnt it? 

Harry and Ron did not answer, but Harry knew that 
they were all thinking the same thing. There had been 
a horrible incident the day before, when Hannah 
Abbott had been taken out of Herbology to be told her 
mother had been found dead. They had not seen 
Hannah since. 

When they left the Gryffindor table five minutes later 
to head down to the Quidditch pitch, they passed 
Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil. Remembering what 
Hermione had said about the Patil twins parents 
wanting them to leave Hogwarts, Harry was 
unsurprised to see that the two best friends were 
whispering together, looking distressed. What did 
surprise him was that when Ron drew level with 
them, Parvati suddenly nudged Lavender, who looked 
around and gave Ron a wide smile. Ron blinked at 
her, then returned the smile uncertainly. His walk 
instantly became something more like a strut. Harry 
resisted the temptation to laugh, remembering that 
Ron had refrained from doing so after Malfoy had 
broken Harrys nose; Hermione, however, looked cold 
and distant all the way down to the stadium through 
the cool, misty drizzle, and departed to find a place in 
the stands without wishing Ron good luck. 

As Harry had expected, the trials took most of the 
morning. Half of Gryffindor House seemed to have 
turned up, from first years who were nervously 
clutching a selection of the dreadful old school 
brooms, to seventh years who towered over the rest, 
looking coolly intimidating. The latter included a 
large, wiryhaired boy Harry recognized immediately 
from the Hogwarts Express. 



  249 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




We met on the train, in old Sluggys compartment, 
he said confidently, stepping out of the crowd to 
shake Harrys hand. Cormac McLaggen, Keeper. 

You didnt try out last year, did you? asked Harry, 
taking note of the breadth of McLaggen and thinking 
that he would probably block all three goal hoops 
without even moving. 

I was in the hospital wing when they held the trials, 
said McLaggen, with something of a swagger. Ate a 
pound of doxy eggs for a bet. 

Right, said Harry. Well ... if you wait over there ... 

He pointed over to the edge of the pitch, close to 
where Hermione was sitting. He thought he saw a 
flicker of annoyance pass over McLaggens face and 
wondered whether McLaggen expected preferential 
treatment because they were both old Sluggys 
favorites. 

Harry decided to start with a basic test, asking all 
applicants for the team to divide into groups of ten 
and fly once around the pitch. This was a good 
decision: The first ten was made up of first years and 
it could not have been plainer that they had hardly 
ever flown before. Only one boy managed to remain 
airborne for more than a few seconds, and he was so 
surprised he promptly crashed into one of the goal 
posts. 

The second group was comprised of ten of the silliest 
girls Harry had ever encountered, who, when he blew 
his whistle, merely fell about giggling and clutching 
one another. Romilda Vane was amongst them. When 
he told them to leave the pitch, they did so quite 
cheerfully and went to sit in the stands to heckle 
everyone else. 

  250 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The third group had a pileup halfway around the 
pitch. Most of the fourth group had come without 
broomsticks. The fifth group were Hufflepuffs. 

If theres anyone else here whos not from 
Gryffindor, roared Harry, who was starting to get 
seriously annoyed, leave now, please! 

There was a pause, then a couple of little Ravenclaws 
went sprinting off the pitch, snorting with laughter. 

After two hours, many complaints, and several 
tantrums, one involving a crashed Comet Two Sixty 
and several broken teeth, Harry had found himself 
three Chasers: Katie Bell, returned to the team after 
an excellent trial; a new find called Demelza Robins, 
who was particularly good at dodging Bludgers; and 
Ginny Weasley, who had outflown all the competition 
and scored seventeen goals to boot. Pleased though 
he was with his choices, Harry had also shouted 
himself hoarse at the many complainers and was now 
enduring a similar battle with the rejected Beaters. 

Thats my final decision and if you dont get out of 
the way for the Keepers Ill hex you, he bellowed. 

Neither of his chosen Beaters had the old brilliance of 
Fred and George, but he was still reasonably pleased 
with them: Jimmy Peakes, a short but broadchested 
thirdyear boy who had managed to raise a lump the 
size of an egg on the back of Harrys head with a 
ferociously hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked 
weedy but aimed well. They now joined Katie, 

Demelza, and Ginny in the stands to watch the 
selection of their last team member. 

Harry had deliberately left the trial of the Keepers 
until last, hoping for an emptier stadium and less 
pressure on all concerned. Unfortunately, however, all 

  251 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the rejected players and a number of people who had 
come down to watch after a lengthy breakfast had 
joined the crowd by now, so that it was larger than 
ever. As each Keeper flew up to the goal hoops, the 
crowd roared and jeered in equal measure. Harry 
glanced over at Ron, who had always had a problem 
with nerves; Harry had hoped that winning their final 
match last term might have cured it, but apparently 
not: Ron was a delicate shade of green. 

None of the first five applicants saved more than two 
goals apiece. To Harrys great disappointment, 

Cormac McLaggen saved four penalties out of five. On 
the last one, however, he shot off in completely the 
wrong direction; the crowd laughed and booed and 
McLaggen returned to the ground grinding his teeth. 

Ron looked ready to pass out as he mounted his 
Cleansweep Eleven. Good luck! cried a voice from 
the stands. Harry looked around, expecting to see 
Hermione, but it was Lavender Brown. He would have 
quite liked to have hidden his face in his hands, as 
she did a moment later, but thought that as the 
Captain he ought to show slightly more grit, and so 
turned to watch Ron do his trial. 

Yet he need not have worried: Ron saved one, two, 
three, four, five penalties in a row. Delighted, and 
resisting joining in the cheers of the crowd with 
difficulty, Harry turned to McLaggen to tell him that, 
most unfortunately, Ron had beaten him, only to find 
McLaggens red face inches from his own. He stepped 
back hastily. 

His sister didnt really try, said McLaggen 
menacingly. There was a vein pulsing in his temple 
like the one Harry had often admired in Uncle 
Vernons. She gave him an easy save. 



  252 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Rubbish, said Harry coldly. That was the one he 
nearly missed. 

McLaggen took a step nearer Harry, who stood his 
ground this time. 

Give me another go. 

No, said Harry. Youve had your go. You saved four. 
Ron saved five. Rons Keeper, he won it fair and 
square. Get out of my way. 

He thought for a moment that McLaggen might punch 
him, but he contented himself with an ugly grimace 
and stormed away, growling what sounded like 
threats to thin air. 

Harry turned around to find his new team beaming at 
him. 

Well done, he croaked. You flew really well   

You did brilliantly, Ron! 

This time it really was Hermione running toward 
them from the stands; Harry saw Lavender walking 
off the pitch, arm in arm with Parvati, a rather 
grumpy expression on her face. Ron looked extremely 
pleased with himself and even taller than usual as he 
grinned at the team and at Hermione. 

After fixing the time of their first full practice for the 
following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade 
goodbye to the rest of the team and headed off 
toward Hagrids. A watery sun was trying to break 
through the clouds now and it had stopped drizzling 
at last. Harry felt extremely hungry; he hoped there 
would be something to eat at Hagrids. 



  253 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I thought I was going to miss that fourth penalty, 
Ron was saying happily. Tricky shot from Demelza, 
did you see, had a bit of spin on it   

Yes, yes, you were magnificent, said Hermione, 
looking amused. 

I was better than that McLaggen anyway, said Ron 
in a highly satisfied voice. Did you see him 
lumbering off in the wrong direction on his fifth? 
Looked like hed been Confunded. ... 

To Harrys surprise, Hermione turned a very deep 
shade of pink at these words. Ron noticed nothing; he 
was too busy describing each of his other penalties in 
loving detail. 

The great gray hippogriff, Buckbeak, was tethered in 
front of Hagrids cabin. He clicked his razorsharp 
beak at their approach and turned his huge head 
toward them. 

Oh dear, said Hermione nervously. Hes still a bit 
scary, isnt he? 

Come off it, youve ridden him, havent you? said 
Ron. 

Harry stepped forward and bowed low to the 
hippogriff without breaking eye contact or blinking. 
After a few seconds, Buckbeak sank into a bow too. 

How are you? Harry asked him in a low voice, 
moving forward to stroke the feathery head. Missing 
him? But youre okay here with Hagrid, arent you? 

Oi! said a loud voice. 



  254 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hagrid had come striding around the corner of his 
cabin wearing a large flowery apron and carrying a 
sack of potatoes. His enormous boarhound, Fang, 
was at his heels; Fang gave a booming bark and 
bounded forward. 

Git away from him! Hell have yer fingers  oh. Its 
yeh lot. 

Fang was jumping up at Hermione and Ron, 
attempting to lick their ears. Hagrid stood and looked 
at them all for a split second, then turned and strode 
into his cabin, slamming the door behind him. 

Oh dear! said Hermione, looking stricken. 

Dont worry about it, said Harry grimly. He walked 
over to the door and knocked loudly. 

Hagrid! Open up, we want to talk to you! 

There was no sound from within. 

If you dont open the door, well blast it open! Harry 
said, pulling out his wand. 

Harry! said Hermione, sounding shocked. You cant 
possibly   

Yeah, I can! said Harry. Stand back   

But before he could say anything else, the door flew 
open again as Harry had known it would, and there 
stood Hagrid, glowering down at him and looking, 
despite the flowery apron, positively alarming. 

Im a teacher! he roared at Harry. A teacher, Potter! 
How dare yeh threaten ter break down my door! 



  255 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tm sorry, sir, said Harry, emphasizing the last word 
as he stowed his wand inside his robes. 

Hagrid looked stunned. Since when have yeh called 
me sir? 



Since when have you called me Potter? 

Oh, very clever, growled Hagrid. Very amusin. 
Thats me outsmarted, innit? All righ, come in then, 
yeh ungrateful little ... 

Mumbling darkly, he stood back to let them pass. 
Hermione scurried in after Harry, looking rather 
frightened. 

Well? said Hagrid grumpily, as Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione sat down around his enormous wooden 
table, Fang laying his head immediately upon Harrys 
knee and drooling all over his robes. Whats this? 
Feelin sorry for me? Reckon Im lonely or summat? 

No, said Harry at once. We wanted to see you. 

Weve missed you! said Hermione tremulously. 

Missed me, have yeh? snorted Hagrid. Yeah. Righ. 

He stomped around, brewing up tea in his enormous 
copper kettle, muttering all the while. Finally he 
slammed down three bucketsized mugs of 
mahoganybrown tea in front of them and a plate of 
his rock cakes. Harry was hungry enough even for 
Hagrids cooking, and took one at once. 

Hagrid, said Hermione timidly, when he joined them 
at the table and started peeling his potatoes with a 
brutality that suggested that each tuber had done 



  256 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




him a great personal wrong, we really wanted to 
carry on with Care of Magical Creatures, you know. 



Hagrid gave another great snort. Harry rather thought 
some bogeys landed on the potatoes, and was 
inwardly thankful that they were not staying for 
dinner. 

We did! said Hermione. But none of us could fit it 
into our schedules! 

Yeah. Righ, said Hagrid again. 

There was a funny squelching sound and they all 
looked around: Hermione let out a tiny shriek, and 
Ron leapt out of his seat and hurried around the table 
away from the large barrel standing in the corner that 
they had only just noticed. It was full of what looked 
like footlong maggots, slimy, white, and writhing. 

What are they, Hagrid? asked Harry, trying to sound 
interested rather than revolted, but putting down his 
rock cake all the same. 

Jus giant grubs, said Hagrid. 

And they grow into ... ? said Ron, looking 
apprehensive. 

They won grow inter nuthin, said Hagrid. I got em 
ter feed ter Aragog. 

And without warning, he burst into tears. 

Hagrid! cried Hermione, leaping up, hurrying 
around the table the long way to avoid the barrel of 
maggots, and putting an arm around his shaking 
shoulders. What is it? 

  257 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Its ... him ... gulped Hagrid, his beetleblack eyes 
streaming as he mopped his face with his apron. Its 
... Aragog. ... I think hes dyin. ... He got ill over the 
summer an hes not gettin better. ... I don know 
what Ill do if he ... if he ... Weve bin tergether so 
long. ... 

Hermione patted Hagrids shoulder, looking at a 
complete loss for anything to say. Harry knew how 
she felt. He had known Hagrid to present a vicious 
baby dragon with a teddy bear, seen him croon over 
giant scorpions with suckers and stingers, attempt to 
reason with his brutal giant of a halfbrother, but this 
was perhaps the most incomprehensible of all his 
monster fancies: the gigantic talking spider, Aragog, 
who dwelled deep in the Forbidden Forest and which 
he and Ron had only narrowly escaped four years 
previously. 

Is there  is there anything we can do? Hermione 
asked, ignoring Rons frantic grimaces and head 
shakings. 

I don think there is, Hermione, choked Hagrid, 
attempting to stem the flood of his tears. See, the 
rest o the tribe ... Aragogs family ... theyre gettin a 
bit funny now hes ill ... bit restive ... 

Yeah, I think we saw a bit of that side of them, said 
Ron in an undertone. 

"... I don reckon itd be safe fer anyone but me ter go 
near the colony at the mo, Hagrid finished, blowing 
his nose hard on his apron and looking up. But 
thanks fer offerin, Hermione. ... It means a lot. ... 

After that, the atmosphere lightened considerably, for 
although neither Harry nor Ron had shown any 
inclination to go and feed giant grubs to a murderous, 

  258 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




gargantuan spider, Hagrid seemed to take it for 
granted that they would have liked to have done and 
became his usual self once more. 

Ar, I always knew yehd find it hard ter squeeze me 
inter yer timetables, he said gruffly, pouring them 
more tea. Even if yeh applied fer TimeTurners   

We couldnt have done, said Hermione. We 
smashed the entire stock of Ministry TimeTurners 
when we were there last summer. It was in the Daily 
Prophet. 

Ar, well then, said Hagrid. Theres no way yeh 
couldve done it. ... Im sorry Ive bin  yeh know  
Ive jus bin worried abou Aragog ... an I did wonder 
whether, if Professor GrubblyPlank had bin teachin 
yeh 

At which all three of them stated categorically and 
untruthfully that Professor GrubblyPlank, who had 
substituted for Hagrid a few times, was a dreadful 
teacher, with the result that by the time Hagrid waved 
them off the premises at dusk, he looked quite 
cheerful. 

Im starving, said Harry, once the door had closed 
behind them and they were hurrying through the 
dark and deserted grounds; he had abandoned the 
rock cake after an ominous cracking noise from one 
of his back teeth. And Ive got that detention with 
Snape tonight, I havent got much time for dinner. ... 

As they came into the castle they spotted Cormac 
McLaggen entering the Great Hall. It took him two 
attempts to get through the doors; he ricocheted off 
the frame on the first attempt. Ron merely guffawed 
gloatingly and strode off into the Hall after him, but 
Harry caught Hermione s arm and held her back. 

  259 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What? said Hermione defensively. 



If you ask me, said Harry quietly, McLaggen looks 
like he was Confunded this morning. And he was 
standing right in front of where you were sitting. 

Hermione blushed. 

Oh, all right then, I did it, she whispered. But you 
should have heard the way he was talking about Ron 
and Ginny! Anyway, hes got a nasty temper, you saw 
how he reacted when he didnt get in  you wouldnt 
have wanted someone like that on the team. 

No, said Harry. No, I suppose thats true. But 
wasnt that dishonest, Hermione? I mean, youre a 
prefect, arent you? 

Oh, be quiet, she snapped, as he smirked. 

What are you two doing? demanded Ron, 
reappearing in the doorway to the Great Hall and 
looking suspicious. 

Nothing, said Harry and Hermione together, and 
they hurried after Ron. The smell of roast beef made 
Harrys stomach ache with hunger, but they had 
barely taken three steps toward the Gryffindor table 
when Professor Slughorn appeared in front of them, 
blocking their path. 

Harry, Harry, just the man I was hoping to see! he 
boomed genially, twiddling the ends of his walrus 
mustache and puffing out his enormous belly. I was 
hoping to catch you before dinner! What do you say to 
a spot of supper tonight in my rooms instead? Were 
having a little party, just a few rising stars, Ive got 
McLaggen coming and Zabini, the charming Melinda 
Bobbin  I dont know whether you know her? Her 
  260 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




family owns a large chain of apothecaries  and, of 
course, I hope very much that Miss Granger will favor 
me by coming too. 

Slughorn made Hermione a little bow as he finished 
speaking. It was as though Ron was not present; 
Slughorn did not so much as look at him. 

I cant come, Professor, said Harry at once. Ive got 
a detention with Professor Snape. 

Oh dear! said Slughorn, his face falling comically. 
Dear, dear, I was counting on you, Harry! Well, now, 
Ill just have to have a word with Severus and explain 
the situation. Im sure Ill be able to persuade him to 
postpone your detention. Yes, Ill see you both later! 

He bustled away out of the Hall. 

Hes got no chance of persuading Snape, said Harry, 
the moment Slughorn was out of earshot. This 
detentions already been postponed once; Snape did it 
for Dumbledore, but he wont do it for anyone else. 

Oh, I wish you could come, I dont want to go on my 
own! said Hermione anxiously; Harry knew that she 
was thinking about McLaggen. 

I doubt youll be alone, Ginnyll probably be invited, 
snapped Ron, who did not seem to have taken kindly 
to being ignored by Slughorn. 

After dinner they made their way back to Gryffindor 
Tower. The common room was very crowded, as most 
people had finished dinner by now, but they managed 
to find a free table and sat down; Ron, who had been 
in a bad mood ever since the encounter with 
Slughorn, folded his arms and frowned at the ceiling. 
Hermione reached out for a copy of the Evening 
  261 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Prophet, which somebody had left abandoned on a 
chair. 

Anything new? said Harry. 

Not really ... Hermione had opened the newspaper 
and was scanning the inside s. Oh, look, your 
dads in here, Ron  hes all right! she added 
quickly, for Ron had looked around in alarm. It just 
says hes been to visit the Malfoys house. This 
second search of the Death Eaters residence does not 
seem to have yielded any results. Arthur Weasley of 
the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of 
Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects 
said that his team had been acting upon a confidential 
tipoff 

Yeah, mine! said Harry. I told him at Kings Cross 
about Malfoy and that thing he was trying to get 
Borgin to fix! Well, if its not at their house, he must 
have brought whatever it is to Hogwarts with him   

But how can he have done, Harry? said Hermione, 
putting down the newspaper with a surprised look. 
We were all searched when we arrived, werent we? 

Were you? said Harry, taken aback. I wasnt! 

Oh no, of course you werent, I forgot you were late. 

... Well, Filch ran over all of us with Secrecy Sensors 
when we got into the entrance hall. Any Dark object 
would have been found, I know for a fact Crabbe had 
a shrunken head confiscated. So you see, Malfoy cant 
have brought in anything dangerous! 

Momentarily stymied, Harry watched Ginny Weasley 
playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before 
seeing a way around this objection. 



  262 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Someones sent it to him by owl, then, he said. His 
mother or someone. 

All the owls are being checked too, said Hermione. 
Filch told us so when he was jabbing those Secrecy 
Sensors everywhere he could reach. 

Really stumped this time, Harry found nothing else to 
say. There did not seem to be any way Malfoy could 
have brought a dangerous or Dark object into the 
school. He looked hopefully at Ron, who was sitting 
with his arms folded, staring over at Lavender Brown. 

Can you think of any way Malfoy  ? 

Oh, drop it, Harry, said Ron. 

Listen, its not my fault Slughorn invited Hermione 
and me to his stupid party, neither of us wanted to 
go, you know! said Harry, firing up. 

Well, as Im not invited to any parties, said Ron, 
getting to his feet again, I think Ill go to bed. 

He stomped off toward the door to the boys 
dormitories, leaving Harry and Hermione staring after 
him. 

Harry? said the new Chaser, Demelza Robins, 
appearing suddenly at his shoulder. Ive got a 
message for you. 

From Professor Slughorn? asked Harry, sitting up 
hopefully. 

No ... from Professor Snape, said Demelza. Harrys 
heart sank. He says youre to come to his office at 
half past eight tonight to do your detention  er  no 
matter how many party invitations youve received. 

  263 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And he wanted you to know youll be sorting out 
rotten flobberworms from good ones, to use in Potions 
and  and he says theres no need to bring protective 
gloves. 

Right, said Harry grimly. Thanks a lot, Demelza. 



  264 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






SILVER AND OPALS 

Where was Dumbledore, and what was he doing? 
Harry caught sight of the headmaster only twice over 
the next few weeks. He rarely appeared at meals 
anymore, and Harry was sure Hermione was right in 
thinking that he was leaving the school for days at a 
time. Had Dumbledore forgotten the lessons he was 
supposed to be giving Harry? Dumbledore had said 
that the lessons were leading to something to do with 
the prophecy; Harry had felt bolstered, comforted, 
and now he felt slightly abandoned. 

Halfway through October came their first trip of the 
term to Hogsmeade. Harry had wondered whether 
these trips would still be allowed, given the 
increasingly tight security measures around the 
school, but was pleased to know that they were going 
ahead; it was always good to get out of the castle 
grounds for a few hours. 

Harry woke early on the morning of the trip, which 
was proving stormy, and whiled away the time until 



  265 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



breakfast by reading his copy of Advanced Potion 
Making. He did not usually lie in bed reading his 
textbooks; that sort of behavior, as Ron rightly said, 
was indecent in anybody except Hermione, who was 
simply weird that way. Harry felt, however, that the 
HalfBlood Princes copy of Advanced PotionMaking 
hardly qualified as a textbook. The more Harry pored 
over the book, the more he realized how much was in 
there, not only the handy hints and shortcuts on 
potions that were earning him such a glowing 
reputation with Slughorn, but also the imaginative 
little jinxes and hexes scribbled in the margins, which 
Harry was sure, judging by the crossingsout and 
revisions, that the Prince had invented himself. 

Harry had already attempted a few of the Princes self 
invented spells. There had been a hex that caused 
toenails to grow alarmingly fast (he had tried this on 
Crabbe in the corridor, with very entertaining results); 
a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth 
(which he had twice used, to general applause, on an 
unsuspecting Argus Filch); and, perhaps most useful 
of all, Muffliato, a spell that filled the ears of anyone 
nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing, so that lengthy 
conversations could be held in class without being 
overheard. The only person who did not find these 
charms amusing was Hermione, who maintained a 
rigidly disapproving expression throughout and 
refused to talk at all if Harry had used the Muffliato 
spell on anyone in the vicinity. 

Sitting up in bed, Harry turned the book sideways so 
as to examine more closely the scribbled instructions 
for a spell that seemed to have caused the Prince 
some trouble. There were many crossingsout and 
alterations, but finally, crammed into a corner of the 
, the scribble: 

Levicorpus (nvbl) 

  266 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




While the wind and sleet pounded relentlessly on the 
windows, and Neville snored loudly, Harry stared at 
the letters in brackets. Nvbl ... that had to mean 
nonverbal. Harry rather doubted he would be able 
to bring off this particular spell; he was still having 
difficulty with nonverbal spells, something Snape had 
been quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. class. On 
the other hand, the Prince had proved a much more 
effective teacher than Snape so far. 

Pointing his wand at nothing in particular, he gave it 
an upward flick and said Levicorpusl inside his head. 

 Aaaaaaaargh !  

There was a flash of light and the room was full of 
voices: Everyone had woken up as Ron had let out a 
yell. Harry sent Advanced PotionMaking flying in 
panic; Ron was dangling upside down in midair as 
though an invisible hook had hoisted him up by the 
ankle. 

Sorry! yelled Harry, as Dean and Seamus roared 
with laughter, and Neville picked himself up from the 
floor, having fallen out of bed. Hang on  Ill let you 
down   

He groped for the potion book and riffled through it in 
a panic, trying to find the right ; at last he 
located it and deciphered one cramped word 
underneath the spell: Praying that this was the 
counterjinx, Harry thought Liberacorpus\ with all his 
might. 

There was another flash of light, and Ron fell in a 
heap onto his mattress. 

Sorry, repeated Harry weakly, while Dean and 
Seamus continued to roar with laughter. 

  267 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tomorrow, said Ron in a muffled voice, Id rather 
you set the alarm clock. 

By the time they had got dressed, padding themselves 
out with several of Mrs. Weasleys handknitted 
sweaters and carrying cloaks, scarves, and gloves, 
Rons shock had subsided and he had decided that 
Harrys new spell was highly amusing; so amusing, in 
fact, that he lost no time in regaling Hermione with 
the story as they sat down for breakfast. 

"... and then there was another flash of light and I 
landed on the bed again! Ron grinned, helping 
himself to sausages. 

Hermione had not cracked a smile during this 
anecdote, and now turned an expression of wintry 
disapproval upon Harry. 

Was this spell, by any chance, another one from that 
potion book of yours? she asked. 

Harry frowned at her. 

Always jump to the worst conclusion, dont you? 
Was it? 

Well ... yeah, it was, but so what? 

So you just decided to try out an unknown, 
handwritten incantation and see what would 
happen? 

Why does it matter if its handwritten? said Harry, 
preferring not to answer the rest of the question. 

Because its probably not Ministry of Magic 
approved, said Hermione. And also, she added, as 

  268 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry and Ron rolled their eyes, because Im starting 
to think this Prince character was a bit dodgy. 



Both Harry and Ron shouted her down at once. 

It was a laugh! said Ron, upending a ketchup bottle 
over his sausages. Just a laugh, Hermione, thats 
all! 

Dangling people upside down by the ankle? said 
Hermione. Who puts their time and energy into 
making up spells like that? 

Fred and George, said Ron, shrugging, its their 
kind of thing. And, er   

My dad, said Harry. He had only just remembered. 

What? said Ron and Hermione together. 

My dad used this spell, said Harry. I  Lupin told 
me. 

This last part was not true; in fact, Harry had seen 
his father use the spell on Snape, but he had never 
told Ron and Hermione about that particular 
excursion into the Pensieve. Now, however, a 
wonderful possibility occurred to him. Could the Half 
Blood Prince possibly be  ? 

Maybe your dad did use it, Harry, said Hermione, 
but hes not the only one. Weve seen a whole bunch 
of people use it, in case youve forgotten. Dangling 
people in the air. Making them float along, asleep, 
helpless. 

Harry stared at her. With a sinking feeling, he too 
remembered the behavior of the Death Eaters at the 
Quidditch World Cup. Ron came to his aid. 

  269 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




That was different, he said robustly. They were 
abusing it. Harry and his dad were just having a 
laugh. You dont like the Prince, Hermione, he added, 
pointing a sausage at her sternly, because hes better 
than you at Potions   

Its got nothing to do with that! said Hermione, her 
cheeks reddening. I just think its very irresponsible 
to start performing spells when you dont even know 
what theyre for, and stop talking about the Prince as 
if its his title, I bet its just a stupid nickname, and it 
doesnt seem as though he was a very nice person to 
me! 

I dont see where you get that from, said Harry 
heatedly. If hed been a budding Death Eater he 
wouldnt have been boasting about being halfblood, 
would he? 

Even as he said it, Harry remembered that his father 
had been pureblood, but he pushed the thought out 
of his mind; he would worry about that later. ... 

The Death Eaters cant all be pureblood, there arent 
enough pureblood wizards left, said Hermione 
stubbornly. I expect most of them are halfbloods 
pretending to be pure. Its only Muggleborns they 
hate, theyd be quite happy to let you and Ron join 
up. 

There is no way theyd let me be a Death Eater! said 
Ron indignantly, a bit of sausage flying off the fork he 
was now brandishing at Hermione and hitting Ernie 
Macmillan on the head. My whole family are blood 
traitors! Thats as bad as Muggleborns to Death 
Eaters! 



  270 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And theyd love to have me, said Harry sarcastically. 
Wed be best pals if they didnt keep trying to do me 



in. 






This made Ron laugh; even Hermione gave a grudging 
smile, and a distraction arrived in the shape of Ginny. 

Hey, Harry, Im supposed to give you this. 

It was a scroll of parchment with Harrys name 
written upon it in familiar thin, slanting writing. 

Thanks, Ginny ... Its Dumbledores next lesson! 
Harry told Ron and Hermione, pulling open the 
parchment and quickly reading its contents. Monday 
evening! He felt suddenly light and happy. Want to 
join us in Hogsmeade, Ginny? he asked. 

Im going with Dean  might see you there, she 
replied, waving at them as she left. 

Filch was standing at the oak front doors as usual, 
checking off the names of people who had permission 
to go into Hogsmeade. The process took even longer 
than normal as Filch was triplechecking everybody 
with his Secrecy Sensor. 

What does it matter if were smuggling Dark stuff 
OUT? demanded Ron, eyeing the long thin Secrecy 
Sensor with apprehension. Surely you ought to be 
checking what we bring back IN? 

His cheek earned him a few extra jabs with the 
Sensor, and he was still wincing as they stepped out 
into the wind and sleet. 

The walk into Hogsmeade was not enjoyable. Harry 
wrapped his scarf over his lower face; the exposed 
part soon felt both raw and numb. The road to the 

  271 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




village was full of students bent double against the 
bitter wind. More than once Harry wondered whether 
they might not have had a better time in the warm 
common room, and when they finally reached 
Hogsmeade and saw that Zonkos Joke Shop had 
been boarded up, Harry took it as confirmation that 
this trip was not destined to be fun. Ron pointed, with 
a thickly gloved hand, toward Honeydukes, which was 
mercifully open, and Harry and Hermione staggered 
in his wake into the crowded shop. 

Thank God, shivered Ron as they were enveloped by 
warm, toffeescented air. Lets stay here all 
afternoon. 

Harry, mboy! said a booming voice from behind 
them. 

Oh no, muttered Harry. The three of them turned to 
see Professor Slughorn, who was wearing an 
enormous furry hat and an overcoat with matching 
fur collar, clutching a large bag of crystalized 
pineapple, and occupying at least a quarter of the 
shop. 

Harry, thats three of my little suppers youve missed 
now! said Slughorn, poking him genially in the chest. 
It wont do, mboy, Im determined to have you! Miss 
Granger loves them, dont you? 

Yes, said Hermione helplessly, theyre really   

So why dont you come along, Harry? demanded 
Slughorn. 

Well, Ive had Quidditch practice, Professor, said 
Harry, who had indeed been scheduling practices 
every time Slughorn had sent him a little, violet 
ribbonadorned invitation. This strategy meant that 

  272 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron was not left out, and they usually had a laugh 
with Ginny, imagining Hermione shut up with 
McLaggen and Zabini. 

Well, I certainly expect you to win your first match 
after all this hard work! said Slughorn. But a little 
recreation never hurt anybody. Now, how about 
Monday night, you cant possibly want to practice in 
this weather. ... 

I cant, Professor, Ive got  er  an appointment 
with Professor Dumbledore that evening. 

Unlucky again! cried Slughorn dramatically. Ah, 
well ... you cant evade me forever, Harry! 

And with a regal wave, he waddled out of the shop, 
taking as little notice of Ron as though he had been a 
display of Cockroach Clusters. 

I cant believe youve wriggled out of another one, 
said Hermione, shaking her head. Theyre not that 
bad, you know. ... Theyre even quite fun sometimes. 
... But then she caught sight of Rons expression. 

Oh, look  theyve got deluxe sugar quills  those 
would last hours! 

Glad that Hermione had changed the subject, Harry 
showed much more interest in the new extralarge 
sugar quills than he would normally have done, but 
Ron continued to look moody and merely shrugged 
when Hermione asked him where he wanted to go 
next. 

Lets go to the Three Broomsticks, said Harry. Itll 
be warm. 

They bundled their scarves back over their faces and 
left the sweetshop. The bitter wind was like knives on 

  273 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




their faces after the sugary warmth of Honeydukes. 
The street was not very busy; nobody was lingering to 
chat, just hurrying toward their destinations. The 
exceptions were two men a little ahead of them, 
standing just outside the Three Broomsticks. One was 
very tall and thin; squinting through his rainwashed 
glasses Harry recognized the barman who worked in 
the other Hogsmeade pub, the Hogs Head. As Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione drew closer, the barman drew his 
cloak more tightly around his neck and walked away, 
leaving the shorter man to fumble with something in 
his arms. They were barely feet from him when Harry 
realized who the man was. 

Mundungus! 

The squat, bandylegged man with long, straggly, 
ginger hair jumped and dropped an ancient suitcase, 
which burst open, releasing what looked like the 
entire contents of a junk shop window. 

Oh, ello, Arry, said Mundungus Fletcher, with a 
most unconvincing stab at airiness. Well, dont let 
me keep ya. 

And he began scrabbling on the ground to retrieve the 
contents of his suitcase with every appearance of a 
man eager to be gone. 

Are you selling this stuff? asked Harry, watching 
Mundungus grab an assortment of grubbylooking 
objects from the ground. 

Oh, well, gotta scrape a living, said Mundungus. 
Gimme that! 

Ron had stooped down and picked up something 
silver. 



  274 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hang on, Ron said slowly. This looks familiar   



Thank you! said Mundungus, snatching the goblet 
out of Rons hand and stuffing it back into the case. 
Well, Ill see you all  OUCH! 

Harry had pinned Mundungus against the wall of the 
pub by the throat. Holding him fast with one hand, he 
pulled out his wand. 

Harry! squealed Hermione. 

You took that from Siriuss house, said Harry, who 
was almost nose to nose with Mundungus and was 
breathing in an unpleasant smell of old tobacco and 
spirits. That had the Black family crest on it. 

I  no  what  ? spluttered Mundungus, who 
was slowly turning purple. 

What did you do, go back the night he died and strip 
the place? snarled Harry. 

I  no   

Give it to me! 

Harry, you mustnt! shrieked Hermione, as 
Mundungus started to turn blue. 

There was a bang, and Harry felt his hands fly off 
Mundunguss throat. Gasping and spluttering, 
Mundungus seized his fallen case, then  CRACK  
he Disapparated. 

Harry swore at the top of his voice, spinning on the 
spot to see where Mundungus had gone. 

COME BACK, YOU THIEVING  ! 

  275 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Theres no point, Harry. 



Tonks had appeared out of nowhere, her mousy hair 
wet with sleet. 

Mundungus will probably be in London by now. 
Theres no point yelling. 

Hes nicked Siriuss stuff! Nicked it! 

Yes, but still, said Tonks, who seemed perfectly 
untroubled by this piece of information. You should 
get out of the cold. 

She watched them go through the door of the Three 
Broomsticks. 

The moment he was inside, Harry burst out, He was 
nicking Siriuss stuff. 

I know, Harry, but please dont shout, people are 
staring, whispered Hermione. Go and sit down, Ill 
get you a drink. 

Harry was still fuming when Hermione returned to 
their table a few minutes later holding three bottles of 
butterbeer. 

Cant the Order control Mundungus? Harry 
demanded of the other two in a furious whisper. 

Cant they at least stop him stealing everything thats 
not fixed down when hes at headquarters? 

Shh! said Hermione desperately, looking around to 
make sure nobody was listening; there were a couple 
of warlocks sitting close by who were staring at Harry 
with great interest, and Zabini was lolling against a 
pillar not far away. Harry, Id be annoyed too, I know 
its your things hes stealing   

  276 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry gagged on his butterbeer; he had momentarily 
forgotten that he owned number twelve, Grimmauld 
Place. 

Yeah, its my stuff! he said. No wonder he wasnt 
pleased to see me! Well, Im going to tell Dumbledore 
whats going on, hes the only one who scares 
Mundungus. 

Good idea, whispered Hermione, clearly pleased that 
Harry was calming down. Ron, what are you staring 
at? 

Nothing, said Ron, hastily looking away from the 
bar, but Harry knew he was trying to catch the eye of 
the curvy and attractive barmaid, Madam Rosmerta, 
for whom he had long nursed a soft spot. 

I expect nothings in the back getting more 
firewhisky, said Hermione waspishly. 

Ron ignored this jibe, sipping his drink in what he 
evidently considered to be a dignified silence. Harry 
was thinking about Sirius, and how he had hated 
those silver goblets anyway. Hermione drummed her 
fingers on the table, her eyes flickering between Ron 
and the bar. The moment Harry drained the last 
drops in his bottle she said, Shall we call it a day 
and go back to school, then? 

The other two nodded; it had not been a fun trip and 
the weather was getting worse the longer they stayed. 
Once again they drew their cloaks tightly around 
them, rearranged their scarves, pulled on their gloves, 
then followed Katie Bell and a friend out of the pub 
and back up the High Street. Harrys thoughts 
strayed to Ginny as they trudged up the road to 
Hogwarts through the frozen slush. They had not met 
up with her, undoubtedly, thought Harry, because 
  277 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




she and Dean were cozily closeted in Madam 
Puddifoots Tea Shop, that haunt of happy couples. 
Scowling, he bowed his head against the swirling sleet 
and trudged on. 

It was a little while before Harry became aware that 
the voices of Katie Bell and her friend, which were 
being carried back to him on the wind, had become 
shriller and louder. Harry squinted at their indistinct 
figures. The two girls were having an argument about 
something Katie was holding in her hand. Its 
nothing to do with you, Leanne! Harry heard Katie 
say. 

They rounded a corner in the lane, sleet coming thick 
and fast, blurring Harrys glasses. Just as he raised a 
gloved hand to wipe them, Leanne made to grab hold 
of the package Katie was holding; Katie tugged it back 
and the package fell to the ground. 

At once, Katie rose into the air, not as Ron had done, 
suspended comically by the ankle, but gracefully, her 
arms outstretched, as though she was about to fly. 

Yet there was something wrong, something eerie. ... 
Her hair was whipped around her by the fierce wind, 
but her eyes were closed and her face was quite 
empty of expression. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and 
Leanne had all halted in their tracks, watching. 

Then, six feet above the ground, Katie let out a 
terrible scream. Her eyes flew open but whatever she 
could see, or whatever she was feeling, was clearly 
causing her terrible anguish. She screamed and 
screamed; Leanne started to scream too and seized 
Katies ankles, trying to tug her back to the ground. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione rushed forward to help, 
but even as they grabbed Katies legs, she fell on top 
of them; Harry and Ron managed to catch her but she 
was writhing so much they could hardly hold her. 
  278 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Instead they lowered her to the ground where she 
thrashed and screamed, apparently unable to 
recognize any of them. 

Harry looked around; the landscape seemed deserted. 

Stay there! he shouted at the others over the 
howling wind. Im going for help! 

He began to sprint toward the school; he had never 
seen anyone behave as Katie had just behaved and 
could not think what had caused it; he hurtled 
around a bend in the lane and collided with what 
seemed to be an enormous bear on its hind legs. 

Hagrid! he panted, disentangling himself from the 
hedgerow into which he had fallen. 

Harry! said Hagrid, who had sleet trapped in his 
eyebrows and beard, and was wearing his great, 
shaggy beaverskin coat. Jus bin visitin Grawp, hes 
cornin on so well yeh wouldn   

Hagrid, someones hurt back there, or cursed, or 
something   

Wha? said Hagrid, bending lower to hear what 
Harry was saying over the raging wind. 

Someones been cursed! bellowed Harry. 

Cursed? Whos bin cursed  not Ron? Hermione? 

No, its not them, its Katie Bell  this way ... 

Together they ran back along the lane. It took them 
no time to find the little group of people around Katie, 
who was still writhing and screaming on the ground; 



  279 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron, Hermione, and Leanne were all trying to quiet 
her. 

Get back! shouted Hagrid. Lemme see her! 

Somethings happened to her! sobbed Leanne. I 
dont know what   

Hagrid stared at Katie for a second, then without a 
word, bent down, scooped her into his arms, and ran 
off toward the castle with her. Within seconds, Katies 
piercing screams had died away and the only sound 
was the roar of the wind. 

Hermione hurried over to Katies wailing friend and 
put an arm around her. 

Its Leanne, isnt it? 

The girl nodded. 

Did it just happen all of a sudden, or  ? 

It was when that package tore, sobbed Leanne, 
pointing at the now sodden brownpaper package on 
the ground, which had split open to reveal a greenish 
glitter. Ron bent down, his hand outstretched, but 
Harry seized his arm and pulled him back. 

Dont touch if! 

He crouched down. An ornate opal necklace was 
visible, poking out of the paper. 

Ive seen that before, said Harry, staring at the 
thing. It was on display in Borgin and Burkes ages 
ago. The label said it was cursed. Katie must have 
touched it. He looked up at Leanne, who had started 



  280 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




to shake uncontrollably. How did Katie get hold of 
this? 



Well, thats why we were arguing. She came back 
from the bathroom in the Three Broomsticks holding 
it, said it was a surprise for somebody at Hogwarts 
and she had to deliver it. She looked all funny when 
she said it. ... Oh no, oh no, I bet shed been 
Imperiused and I didnt realize! 

Leanne shook with renewed sobs. Hermione patted 
her shoulder gently. 

She didnt say whod given it to her, Leanne? 

No ... she wouldnt tell me ... and I said she was 
being stupid and not to take it up to school, but she 
just wouldnt listen and ... and then I tried to grab it 
from her . . . and  and   

Leanne let out a wail of despair. 

Wed better get up to school, said Hermione, her 
arm still around Leanne. Well be able to find out 
how she is. Come on. ... 

Harry hesitated for a moment, then pulled his scarf 
from around his face and, ignoring Rons gasp, 
carefully covered the necklace in it and picked it up. 

Well need to show this to Madam Pomfrey, he said. 

As they followed Hermione and Leanne up the road, 
Harry was thinking furiously. They had just entered 
the grounds when he spoke, unable to keep his 
thoughts to himself any longer. 

Malfoy knows about this necklace. It was in a case at 
Borgin and Burkes four years ago, I saw him having a 

  281 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




good look at it while I was hiding from him and his 
dad. This is what he was buying that day when we 
followed him! He remembered it and he went back for 
it! 



I  I dunno, Harry, said Ron hesitantly. Loads of 
people go to Borgin and Burkes ... and didnt that girl 
say Katie got it in the girls bathroom? 

She said she came back from the bathroom with it, 
she didnt necessarily get it in the bathroom itself   

McGonagall! said Ron warningly. 

Harry looked up. Sure enough, Professor McGonagall 
was hurrying down the stone steps through swirling 
sleet to meet them. 

Hagrid says you four saw what happened to Katie 
Bell  upstairs to my office at once, please! Whats 
that youre holding, Potter? 

Its the thing she touched, said Harry. 

Good lord, said Professor McGonagall, looking 
alarmed as she took the necklace from Harry. No, no, 
Filch, theyre with me! she added hastily, as Filch 
came shuffling eagerly across the entrance hall 
holding his Secrecy Sensor aloft. Take this necklace 
to Professor Snape at once, but be sure not to touch 
it, keep it wrapped in the scarf! 

Harry and the others followed Professor McGonagall 
upstairs and into her office. The sleetspattered 
windows were rattling in their frames, and the room 
was chilly despite the fire crackling in the grate. 
Professor McGonagall closed the door and swept 
around her desk to face Harry, Ron, Hermione, and 
the still sobbing Leanne. 

  282 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well? she said sharply. What happened? 



Haltingly, and with many pauses while she attempted 
to control her crying, Leanne told Professor 
McGonagall how Katie had gone to the bathroom in 
the Three Broomsticks and returned holding the 
unmarked package, how Katie had seemed a little 
odd, and how they had argued about the advisability 
of agreeing to deliver unknown objects, the argument 
culminating in the tussle over the parcel, which tore 
open. At this point, Leanne was so overcome, there 
was no getting another word out of her. 

All right, said Professor McGonagall, not unkindly, 
go up to the hospital wing, please, Leanne, and get 
Madam Pomfrey to give you something for shock. 

When she had left the room, Professor McGonagall 
turned back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 

What happened when Katie touched the necklace? 

She rose up in the air, said Harry, before either Ron 
or Hermione could speak, and then began to scream, 
and collapsed. Professor, can I see Professor 
Dumbledore, please? 

The headmaster is away until Monday, Potter, said 
Professor McGonagall, looking surprised. 

Away? Harry repeated angrily. 

Yes, Potter, away! said Professor McGonagall tartly. 
But anything you have to say about this horrible 
business can be said to me, Im sure! 

For a split second, Harry hesitated. Professor 
McGonagall did not invite confidences; Dumbledore, 
though in many ways more intimidating, still seemed 

  283 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




less likely to scorn a theory, however wild. This was a 
lifeanddeath matter, though, and no moment to 
worry about being laughed at. 

I think Draco Malfoy gave Katie that necklace, 
Professor. 

On one side of him, Ron rubbed his nose in apparent 
embarrassment; on the other, Hermione shuffled her 
feet as though quite keen to put a bit of distance 
between herself and Harry. 

That is a very serious accusation, Potter, said 
Professor McGonagall, after a shocked pause. Do you 
have any proof? 

No, said Harry, but ... and he told her about 
following Malfoy to Borgin and Burkes and the 
conversation they had overheard between him and 
Mr. Borgin. 

When he had finished speaking, Professor 
McGonagall looked slightly confused. 

Malfoy took something to Borgin and Burkes for 
repair? 

No, Professor, he just wanted Borgin to tell him how 
to mend something, he didnt have it with him. But 
thats not the point, the thing is that he bought 
something at the same time, and I think it was that 
necklace   

You saw Malfoy leaving the shop with a similar 
package? 

No, Professor, he told Borgin to keep it in the shop 
for him   



  284 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But Harry, Hermione interrupted, Borgin asked 
him if he wanted to take it with him, and Malfoy said 



no  






Because he didnt want to touch it, obviously! said 
Harry angrily. 

What he actually said was, How would I look 
carrying that down the street?  said Hermione. 

Well, he would look a bit of a prat carrying a 
necklace, interjected Ron. 

Oh, Ron, said Hermione despairingly, it would be 
all wrapped up, so he wouldnt have to touch it, and 
quite easy to hide inside a cloak, so nobody would see 
it! I think whatever he reserved at Borgin and Burkes 
was noisy or bulky, something he knew would draw 
attention to him if he carried it down the street  and 
in any case, she pressed on loudly, before Harry 
could interrupt, I asked Borgin about the necklace, 
dont you remember? When I went in to try and find 
out what Malfoy had asked him to keep, I saw it 
there. And Borgin just told me the price, he didnt say 
it was already sold or anything   

Well, you were being really obvious, he realized what 
you were up to within about five seconds, of course 
he wasnt going to tell you  anyway, Malfoy couldve 
sent off for it since   

Thats enough! said Professor McGonagall, as 
Hermione opened her mouth to retort, looking 
furious. Potter, I appreciate you telling me this, but 
we cannot point the finger of blame at Mr. Malfoy 
purely because he visited the shop where this 
necklace might have been purchased. The same is 
probably true of hundreds of people   



  285 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




  thats what I said   muttered Ron. 



  and in any case, we have put stringent security 
measures in place this year. I do not believe that 
necklace can possibly have entered this school 
without our knowledge   

But   

  and what is more, said Professor McGonagall, 
with an air of awful finality, Mr. Malfoy was not in 
Hogsmeade today. 

Harry gaped at her, deflating. 

How do you know, Professor? 

Because he was doing detention with me. He has 
now failed to complete his Transfiguration homework 
twice in a row. So, thank you for telling me your 
suspicions, Potter, she said as she marched past 
them, but I need to go up to the hospital wing now to 
check on Katie Bell. Good day to you all. 

She held open her office door. They had no choice but 
to file past her without another word. 

Harry was angry with the other two for siding with 
McGonagall; nevertheless, he felt compelled to join in 
once they started discussing what had happened. 

So who do you reckon Katie was supposed to give the 
necklace to? asked Ron, as they climbed the stairs to 
the common room. 

Goodness only knows, said Hermione. But whoever 
it was has had a narrow escape. No one could have 
opened that package without touching the necklace. 



  286 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It couldve been meant for loads of people, said 
Harry. Dumbledore  the Death Eaters would love to 
get rid of him, he must be one of their top targets. Or 
Slughorn  Dumbledore reckons Voldemort really 
wanted him and they cant be pleased that hes sided 
with Dumbledore. Or   

Or you, said Hermione, looking troubled. 

Couldnt have been, said Harry, or Katie wouldve 
just turned around in the lane and given it to me, 
wouldnt she? I was behind her all the way out of the 
Three Broomsticks. It would have made much more 
sense to deliver the parcel outside Hogwarts, what 
with Filch searching everyone who goes in and out. I 
wonder why Malfoy told her to take it into the castle? 

Harry, Malfoy wasnt in Hogsmeade! said Hermione, 
actually stamping her foot in frustration. 

He must have used an accomplice, then, said Harry. 
Crabbe or Goyle  or, come to think of it, another 
Death Eater, hell have loads better cronies than 
Crabbe and Goyle now hes joined up   

Ron and Hermione exchanged looks that plainly said 
Theres no point arguing with him. 

Dilligrout, said Hermione firmly as they reached the 
Fat Lady. 

The portrait swung open to admit them to the 
common room. It was quite full and smelled of damp 
clothing; many people seemed to have returned from 
Hogsmeade early because of the bad weather. There 
was no buzz of fear or speculation, however: Clearly, 
the news of Katies fate had not yet spread. 



  287 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It wasnt a very slick attack, really, when you stop 
and think about it, said Ron, casually turfing a first 
year out of one of the good armchairs by the fire so 
that he could sit down. The curse didnt even make it 
into the castle. Not what youd call foolproof. 

Youre right, said Hermione, prodding Ron out of the 
chair with her foot and offering it to the first year 
again. It wasnt very well thoughtout at all. 

But since when has Malfoy been one of the worlds 
great thinkers? asked Harry. 

Neither Ron nor Hermione answered him. 



  288 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






THE SECRET RIDDLE 

Katie was removed to St. Mungos Hospital for 
Magical Maladies and Injuries the following day, by 
which time the news that she had been cursed had 
spread all over the school, though the details were 
confused and nobody other than Harry, Ron, 
Hermione, and Leanne seemed to know that Katie 
herself had not been the intended target. 

Oh, and Malfoy knows, of course, said Harry to Ron 
and Hermione, who continued their new policy of 
feigning deafness whenever Harry mentioned his 
MalfoyIsaDeathEater theory. 

Harry had wondered whether Dumbledore would 
return from wherever he had been in time for Monday 
nights lesson, but having had no word to the 
contrary, he presented himself outside Dumbledore s 
office at eight oclock, knocked, and was told to enter. 
There sat Dumbledore looking unusually tired; his 
hand was as black and burned as ever, but he smiled 
when he gestured to Harry to sit down. The Pensieve 



  289 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



was sitting on the desk again, casting silvery specks 
of light over the ceiling. 



You have had a busy time while I have been away, 
Dumbledore said. I believe you witnessed Katies 
accident. 

Yes, sir. How is she? 

Still very unwell, although she was relatively lucky. 
She appears to have brushed the necklace with the 
smallest possible amount of skin: There was a tiny 
hole in her glove. Had she put it on, had she even 
held it in her ungloved hand, she would have died, 
perhaps instantly. Luckily Professor Snape was able 
to do enough to prevent a rapid spread of the curse  



Why him? asked Harry quickly. Why not Madam 
Pomfrey? 

Impertinent, said a soft voice from one of the 
portraits on the wall, and Phineas Nigellus Black, 
Siriuss greatgreatgrandfather, raised his head from 
his arms where he had appeared to be sleeping. I 
would not have permitted a student to question the 
way Hogwarts operated in my day. 

Yes, thank you, Phineas, said Dumbledore 
quellingly. Professor Snape knows much more about 
the Dark Arts than Madam Pomfrey, Harry. Anyway, 
the St. Mungos staff are sending me hourly reports, 
and I am hopeful that Katie will make a full recovery 
in time. 

Where were you this weekend, sir? Harry asked, 
disregarding a strong feeling that he might be 
pushing his luck, a feeling apparently shared by 
Phineas Nigellus, who hissed softly. 

  290 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I would rather not say just now, said Dumbledore. 
However, I shall tell you in due course. 

You will? said Harry, startled. 

Yes, I expect so, said Dumbledore, withdrawing a 
fresh bottle of silver memories from inside his robes 
and uncorking it with a prod of his wand. 

Sir, said Harry tentatively, I met Mundungus in 
Hogsmeade. 

Ah yes, I am already aware that Mundungus has 
been treating your inheritance with lightfingered 
contempt, said Dumbledore, frowning a little. He 
has gone to ground since you accosted him outside 
the Three Broomsticks; I rather think he dreads 
facing me. However, rest assured that he will not be 
making away with any more of Siriuss old 
possessions. 

That mangy old halfblood has been stealing Black 
heirlooms? said Phineas Nigellus, incensed; and he 
stalked out of his frame, undoubtedly to visit his 
portrait in number twelve, Grimmauld Place. 

Professor, said Harry, after a short pause, did 
Professor McGonagall tell you what I told her after 
Katie got hurt? About Draco Malfoy? 

She told me of your suspicions, yes, said 
Dumbledore. 

And do you  ? 

I shall take all appropriate measures to investigate 
anyone who might have had a hand in Katies 
accident, said Dumbledore. But what concerns me 
now, Harry, is our lesson. 

  291 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry felt slightly resentful at this: If their lessons 
were so very important, why had there been such a 
long gap between the first and second? However, he 
said no more about Draco Malfoy, but watched as 
Dumbledore poured the fresh memories into the 
Pensieve and began swirling the stone basin once 
more between his longfingered hands. 

You will remember, I am sure, that we left the tale of 
Lord Voldemorts beginnings at the point where the 
handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned his 
witch wife, Merope, and returned to his family home 
in Little Hangleton. Merope was left alone in London, 
expecting the baby who would one day become Lord 
Voldemort. 

How do you know she was in London, sir? 

Because of the evidence of one Caractacus Burke, 
said Dumbledore, who, by an odd coincidence, 
helped found the very shop whence came the 
necklace we have just been discussing. 

He swilled the contents of the Pensieve as Harry had 
seen him swill them before, much as a gold 
prospector sifts for gold. Up out of the swirling, silvery 
mass rose a little old man revolving slowly in the 
Pensieve, silver as a ghost but much more solid, with 
a thatch of hair that completely covered his eyes. 

Yes, we acquired it in curious circumstances. It was 
brought in by a young witch just before Christmas, 
oh, many years ago now. She said she needed the 
gold badly, well, that much was obvious. Covered in 
rags and pretty far along ... Going to have a baby, see. 
She said the locket had been Slytherins. Well, we 
hear that sort of story all the time, Oh, this was 
Merlins, this was, his favorite teapot, but when I 
looked at it, it had his mark all right, and a few 
  292 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




simple spells were enough to tell me the truth. Of 
course, that made it near enough priceless. She didnt 
seem to have any idea how much it was worth. Happy 
to get ten Galleons for it. Best bargain we ever made! 

Dumbledore gave the Pensieve an extravigorous 
shake and Caractacus Burke descended back into the 
swirling mass of memory from whence he had come. 

He only gave her ten Galleons? said Harry 
indignantly. 

Caractacus Burke was not famed for his generosity, 
said Dumbledore. So we know that, near the end of 
her pregnancy, Merope was alone in London and in 
desperate need of gold, desperate enough to sell her 
one and only valuable possession, the locket that was 
one of Marvolos treasured family heirlooms. 

But she could do magic! said Harry impatiently. 

She could have got food and everything for herself by 
magic, couldnt she? 

Ah, said Dumbledore, perhaps she could. But it is 
my belief  I am guessing again, but I am sure I am 
right  that when her husband abandoned her, 
Merope stopped using magic. I do not think that she 
wanted to be a witch any longer. Of course, it is also 
possible that her unrequited love and the attendant 
despair sapped her of her powers; that can happen. 

In any case, as you are about to see, Merope refused 
to raise her wand even to save her own life. 

She wouldnt even stay alive for her son? 

Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. Could you possibly 
be feeling sorry for Lord Voldemort? 



  293 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, said Harry quickly, but she had a choice, didnt 
she, not like my mother   

Your mother had a choice too, said Dumbledore 
gently. Yes, Merope Riddle chose death in spite of a 
son who needed her, but do not judge her too 
harshly, Harry. She was greatly weakened by long 
suffering and she never had your mothers courage. 
And now, if you will stand ... 

Where are we going? Harry asked, as Dumbledore 
joined him at the front of the desk. 

This time, said Dumbledore, we are going to enter 
my memory. I think you will find it both rich in detail 
and satisfyingly accurate. After you, Harry ... 

Harry bent over the Pensieve; his face broke the cool 
surface of the memory and then he was falling 
through darkness again. ... Seconds later, his feet hit 
firm ground; he opened his eyes and found that he 
and Dumbledore were standing in a bustling, old 
fashioned London street. 

There I am, said Dumbledore brightly, pointing 
ahead of them to a tall figure crossing the road in 
front of a horsedrawn milk cart. 

This younger Albus Dumbledore s long hair and beard 
were auburn. Having reached their side of the street, 
he strode off along the pavement, drawing many 
curious glances due to the flamboyantly cut suit of 
plum velvet that he was wearing. 

Nice suit, sir, said Harry, before he could stop 
himself, but Dumbledore merely chuckled as they 
followed his younger self a short distance, finally 
passing through a set of iron gates into a bare 
courtyard that fronted a rather grim, square building 
  294 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




surrounded by high railings. He mounted the few 
steps leading to the front door and knocked once. 
After a moment or two, the door was opened by a 
scruffy girl wearing an apron. 

Good afternoon. I have an appointment with a Mrs. 
Cole, who, I believe, is the matron here? 

Oh, said the bewilderedlooking girl, taking in 
Dumbledore s eccentric appearance. Um ... just a 
mo ... MRS. COLE! she bellowed over her shoulder. 

Harry heard a distant voice shouting something in 
response. The girl turned back to Dumbledore. Come 
in, shes on er way. 

Dumbledore stepped into a hallway tiled in black and 
white; the whole place was shabby but spotlessly 
clean. Harry and the older Dumbledore followed. 
Before the front door had closed behind them, a 
skinny, harassedlooking woman came scurrying 
toward them. She had a sharpfeatured face that 
appeared more anxious than unkind, and she was 
talking over her shoulder to another aproned helper 
as she walked toward Dumbledore. 

"... and take the iodine upstairs to Martha, Billy 
Stubbs has been picking his scabs and Eric Whalleys 
oozing all over his sheets  chicken pox on top of 
everything else, she said to nobody in particular, and 
then her eyes fell upon Dumbledore and she stopped 
dead in her tracks, looking as astonished as if a 
giraffe had just crossed her threshold. 

Good afternoon, said Dumbledore, holding out his 
hand. 

Mrs. Cole simply gaped. 



  295 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




My name is Albus Dumbledore. I sent you a letter 
requesting an appointment and you very kindly 
invited me here today. 

Mrs. Cole blinked. Apparently deciding that 
Dumbledore was not a hallucination, she said feebly, 
Oh yes. Well  well then  youd better come into 
my room. Yes. 

She led Dumbledore into a small room that seemed 
part sitting room, part office. It was as shabby as the 
hallway and the furniture was old and mismatched. 
She invited Dumbledore to sit on a rickety chair and 
seated herself behind a cluttered desk, eyeing him 
nervously. 

I am here, as I told you in my letter, to discuss Tom 
Riddle and arrangements for his future, said 
Dumbledore. 

Are you family? asked Mrs. Cole. 

No, I am a teacher, said Dumbledore. I have come 
to offer Tom a place at my school. 

What schools this, then? 

It is called Hogwarts, said Dumbledore. 

And how come youre interested in Tom? 

We believe he has qualities we are looking for. 

You mean hes won a scholarship? How can he have 
done? Hes never been entered for one. 

Well, his name has been down for our school since 
birth   



  296 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Who registered him? His parents? 



There was no doubt that Mrs. Cole was an 
inconveniently sharp woman. Apparently Dumbledore 
thought so too, for Harry now saw him slip his wand 
out of the pocket of his velvet suit, at the same time 
picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mrs. 
Coles desktop. 

Here, said Dumbledore, waving his wand once as he 
passed her the piece of paper, I think this will make 
everything clear. 

Mrs. Coles eyes slid out of focus and back again as 
she gazed intently at the blank paper for a moment. 

That seems perfectly in order, she said placidly, 
handing it back. Then her eyes fell upon a bottle of 
gin and two glasses that had certainly not been 
present a few seconds before. 

Er  may I offer you a glass of gin? she said in an 
extrarefined voice. 

Thank you very much, said Dumbledore, beaming. 

It soon became clear that Mrs. Cole was no novice 
when it came to gin drinking. Pouring both of them a 
generous measure, she drained her own glass in one 
gulp. Smacking her lips frankly, she smiled at 
Dumbledore for the first time, and he didnt hesitate 
to press his advantage. 

I was wondering whether you could tell me anything 
of Tom Riddles history? I think he was born here in 
the orphanage? 

Thats right, said Mrs. Cole, helping herself to more 
gin. I remember it clear as anything, because Id just 

  297 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




started here myself. New Years Eve and bitter cold, 
snowing, you know. Nasty night. And this girl, not 
much older than I was myself at the time, came 
staggering up the front steps. Well, she wasnt the 
first. We took her in, and she had the baby within the 
hour. And she was dead in another hour. 

Mrs. Cole nodded impressively and took another 
generous gulp of gin. 

Did she say anything before she died? asked 
Dumbledore. Anything about the boys father, for 
instance? 

Now, as it happens, she did, said Mrs. Cole, who 
seemed to be rather enjoying herself now, with the gin 
in her hand and an eager audience for her story. I 
remember she said to me, I hope he looks like his 
papa, and I wont lie, she was right to hope it, 
because she was no beauty  and then she told me 
he was to be named Tom, for his father, and Marvolo, 
for her father  yes, I know, funny name, isnt it? We 
wondered whether she came from a circus  and she 
said the boys surname was to be Riddle. And she 
died soon after that without another word. 

Well, we named him just as shed said, it seemed so 
important to the poor girl, but no Tom nor Marvolo 
nor any kind of Riddle ever came looking for him, nor 
any family at all, so he stayed in the orphanage and 
hes been here ever since. 

Mrs. Cole helped herself, almost absentmindedly, to 
another healthy measure of gin. Two pink spots had 
appeared high on her cheekbones. Then she said, 
Hes a funny boy. 

Yes, said Dumbledore. I thought he might be. 



  298 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He was a funny baby too. He hardly ever cried, you 
know. And then, when he got a little older, he was . . . 
odd. 



Odd in what way? asked Dumbledore gently. 

Well, he   

But Mrs. Cole pulled up short, and there was nothing 
blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance she 
shot Dumbledore over her gin glass. 

Hes definitely got a place at your school, you say? 

Definitely, said Dumbledore. 

And nothing I say can change that? 

Nothing, said Dumbledore. 

Youll be taking him away, whatever? 

Whatever, repeated Dumbledore gravely. 

She squinted at him as though deciding whether or 
not to trust him. Apparently she decided she could, 
because she said in a sudden rush, He scares the 
other children. 

You mean he is a bully? asked Dumbledore. 

I think he must be, said Mrs. Cole, frowning 
slightly, but its very hard to catch him at it. There 
have been incidents. ... Nasty things ... 

Dumbledore did not press her, though Harry could 
tell that he was interested. She took yet another gulp 
of gin and her rosy cheeks grew rosier still. 

  299 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Billy Stubbss rabbit ... well, Tom said he didnt do it 
and I dont see how he could have done, but even so, 
it didnt hang itself from the rafters, did it? 

I shouldnt think so, no, said Dumbledore quietly. 

But Im jiggered if I know how he got up there to do 
it. All I know is he and Billy had argued the day 
before. And then  Mrs. Cole took another swig of 
gin, slopping a little over her chin this time  on the 
summer outing  we take them out, you know, once 
a year, to the countryside or to the seaside  well, 
Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop were never quite 
right afterwards, and all we ever got out of them was 
that theyd gone into a cave with Tom Riddle. He 
swore theyd just gone exploring, but something 
happened in there, Im sure of it. And, well, there 
have been a lot of things, funny things. ... 

She looked around at Dumbledore again, and though 
her cheeks were flushed, her gaze was steady. I dont 
think many people will be sorry to see the back of 
him. 

You understand, Im sure, that we will not be 
keeping him permanently? said Dumbledore. He will 
have to return here, at the very least, every summer. 

Oh, well, thats better than a whack on the nose with 
a rusty poker, said Mrs. Cole with a slight hiccup. 

She got to her feet, and Harry was impressed to see 
that she was quite steady, even though twothirds of 
the gin was now gone. I suppose youd like to see 
him? 

Very much, said Dumbledore, rising too. 

She led him out of her office and up the stone stairs, 
calling out instructions and admonitions to helpers 

  300 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and children as she passed. The orphans, Harry saw, 
were all wearing the same kind of grayish tunic. They 
looked reasonably wellcared for, but there was no 
denying that this was a grim place in which to grow 
up. 

Here we are, said Mrs. Cole, as they turned off the 
second landing and stopped outside the first door in a 
long corridor. She knocked twice and entered. 

Tom? Youve got a visitor. This is Mr. Dumberton  
sorry, Dunderbore. Hes come to tell you  well, Ill 
let him do it. 

Harry and the two Dumbledores entered the room, 
and Mrs. Cole closed the door on them. It was a small 
bare room with nothing in it except an old wardrobe, 
a wooden chair, and an iron bedstead. A boy was 
sitting on top of the gray blankets, his legs stretched 
out in front of him, holding a book. 

There was no trace of the Gaunts in Tom Riddles 
face. Merope had got her dying wish: He was his 
handsome father in miniature, tall for eleven years 
old, darkhaired, and pale. His eyes narrowed slightly 
as he took in Dumbledores eccentric appearance. 
There was a moments silence. 

How do you do, Tom? said Dumbledore, walking 
forward and holding out his hand. 

The boy hesitated, then took it, and they shook 
hands. Dumbledore drew up the hard wooden chair 
beside Riddle, so that the pair of them looked rather 
like a hospital patient and visitor. 

I am Professor Dumbledore. 



  301 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




 Professor? repeated Riddle. He looked wary. Is 
that like doctor? What are you here for? Did she get 
you in to have a look at me? 

He was pointing at the door through which Mrs. Cole 
had just left. 

No, no, said Dumbledore, smiling. 

I dont believe you, said Riddle. She wants me 
looked at, doesnt she? Tell the truth! 

He spoke the last three words with a ringing force 
that was almost shocking. It was a command, and it 
sounded as though he had given it many times 
before. His eyes had widened and he was glaring at 
Dumbledore, who made no response except to 
continue smiling pleasantly. After a few seconds 
Riddle stopped glaring, though he looked, if anything, 
warier still. 

Who are you? 

I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore 
and I work at a school called Hogwarts. I have come 
to offer you a place at my school  your new school, 
if you would like to come. 

Riddles reaction to this was most surprising. He leapt 
from the bed and backed away from Dumbledore, 
looking furious. 

You cant kid me! The asylum, thats where youre 
from, isnt it? Professor, yes, of course  well, Im 
not going, see? That old cats the one who should be 
in the asylum. I never did anything to little Amy 
Benson or Dennis Bishop, and you can ask them, 
theyll tell you! 



  302 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I am not from the asylum, said Dumbledore 
patiently. I am a teacher and, if you will sit down 
calmly, I shall tell you about Hogwarts. Of course, if 
you would rather not come to the school, nobody will 
force you   

Id like to see them try, sneered Riddle. 

Hogwarts, Dumbledore went on, as though he had 
not heard Riddles last words, is a school for people 
with special abilities   

Im not mad! 

I know that you are not mad. Hogwarts is not a 
school for mad people. It is a school of magic. 

There was silence. Riddle had frozen, his face 
expressionless, but his eyes were flickering back and 
forth between each of Dumbledores, as though trying 
to catch one of them lying. 

Magic? he repeated in a whisper. 

Thats right, said Dumbledore. 

Its ... its magic, what I can do? 

What is it that you can do? 

All sorts, breathed Riddle. A flush of excitement was 
rising up his neck into his hollow cheeks; he looked 
fevered. I can make things move without touching 
them. I can make animals do what I want them to do, 
without training them. I can make bad things happen 
to people who annoy me. I can make them hurt if I 
want to. 



  303 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




His legs were trembling. He stumbled forward and sat 
down on the bed again, staring at his hands, his head 
bowed as though in prayer. 

I knew I was different, he whispered to his own 
quivering fingers. I knew I was special. Always, I 
knew there was something. 

Well, you were quite right, said Dumbledore, who 
was no longer smiling, but watching Riddle intently. 
You are a wizard. 

Riddle lifted his head. His face was transfigured: 

There was a wild happiness upon it, yet for some 
reason it did not make him better looking; on the 
contrary, his finely carved features seemed somehow 
rougher, his expression almost bestial. 

Are you a wizard too? 

Yes, I am. 

Prove it, said Riddle at once, in the same 
commanding tone he had used when he had said, 

Tell the truth. 

Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. If, as I take it, you 
are accepting your place at Hogwarts   

Of course I am! 

Then you will address me as Professor or sir.  

Riddles expression hardened for the most fleeting 
moment before he said, in an unrecognizably polite 
voice, Im sorry, sir. I meant  please, Professor, 
could you show me  ? 



  304 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry was sure that Dumbledore was going to refuse, 
that he would tell Riddle there would be plenty of time 
for practical demonstrations at Hogwarts, that they 
were currently in a building full of Muggles and must 
therefore be cautious. To his great surprise, however, 
Dumbledore drew his wand from an inside pocket of 
his suit jacket, pointed it at the shabby wardrobe in 
the corner, and gave the wand a casual flick. 

The wardrobe burst into flames. 

Riddle jumped to his feet; Harry could hardly blame 
him for howling in shock and rage; all his worldly 
possessions must be in there. But even as Riddle 
rounded on Dumbledore, the flames vanished, leaving 
the wardrobe completely undamaged. 

Riddle stared from the wardrobe to Dumbledore; then, 
his expression greedy, he pointed at the wand. 

Where can I get one of them? 

All in good time, said Dumbledore. I think there is 
something trying to get out of your wardrobe. 

And sure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from 
inside it. For the first time, Riddle looked frightened. 

Open the door, said Dumbledore. 

Riddle hesitated, then crossed the room and threw 
open the wardrobe door. On the topmost shelf, above 
a rail of threadbare clothes, a small cardboard box 
was shaking and rattling as though there were several 
frantic mice trapped inside it. 

Take it out, said Dumbledore. 

Riddle took down the quaking box. He looked 
unnerved. 

  305 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Is there anything in that box that you ought not to 
have? asked Dumbledore. 

Riddle threw Dumbledore a long, clear, calculating 
look. Yes, I suppose so, sir, he said finally, in an 
expressionless voice. 

Open it, said Dumbledore. 

Riddle took off the lid and tipped the contents onto 
his bed without looking at them. Harry, who had 
expected something much more exciting, saw a mess 
of small, everyday objects: a yoyo, a silver thimble, 
and a tarnished mouth organ among them. Once free 
of the box, they stopped quivering and lay quite still 
upon the thin blankets. 

You will return them to their owners with your 
apologies, said Dumbledore calmly, putting his wand 
back into his jacket. I shall know whether it has 
been done. And be warned: Thieving is not tolerated 
at Hogwarts. 

Riddle did not look remotely abashed; he was still 
staring coldly and appraisingly at Dumbledore. At last 
he said in a colorless voice, Yes, sir. 

At Hogwarts, Dumbledore went on, we teach you 
not only to use magic, but to control it. You have  
inadvertently, I am sure  been using your powers in 
a way that is neither taught nor tolerated at our 
school. You are not the first, nor will you be the last, 
to allow your magic to run away with you. But you 
should know that Hogwarts can expel students, and 
the Ministry of Magic  yes, there is a Ministry  will 
punish lawbreakers still more severely. All new 
wizards must accept that, in entering our world, they 
abide by our laws. 



  306 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yes, sir, said Riddle again. 



It was impossible to tell what he was thinking; his 
face remained quite blank as he put the little cache of 
stolen objects back into the cardboard box. When he 
had finished, he turned to Dumbledore and said 
baldly, I havent got any money. 

That is easily remedied, said Dumbledore, drawing a 
leather moneypouch from his pocket. There is a 
fund at Hogwarts for those who require assistance to 
buy books and robes. You might have to buy some of 
your spellbooks and so on secondhand, but   

Where do you buy spellbooks? interrupted Riddle, 
who had taken the heavy money bag without 
thanking Dumbledore, and was now examining a fat 
gold Galleon. 

In Diagon Alley, said Dumbledore. I have your list 
of books and school equipment with me. I can help 
you find everything   

Youre coming with me? asked Riddle, looking up. 
Certainly, if you   

I dont need you, said Riddle. Im used to doing 
things for myself, I go round London on my own all 
the time. How do you get to this Diagon Alley  sir? 
he added, catching Dumbledore s eye. 

Harry thought that Dumbledore would insist upon 
accompanying Riddle, but once again he was 
surprised. Dumbledore handed Riddle the envelope 
containing his list of equipment, and after telling 
Riddle exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron from 
the orphanage, he said, You will be able to see it, 
although Muggles around you  nonmagical people, 
  307 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




that is  will not. Ask for Tom the barman  easy 
enough to remember, as he shares your name   

Riddle gave an irritable twitch, as though trying to 
displace an irksome fly. 

You dislike the name Tom? 

There are a lot of Toms, muttered Riddle. Then, as 
though he could not suppress the question, as 
though it burst from him in spite of himself, he 
asked, Was my father a wizard? He was called Tom 
Riddle too, theyve told me. 

Im afraid I dont know, said Dumbledore, his voice 
gentle. 

My mother cant have been magic, or she wouldnt 
have died, said Riddle, more to himself than 
Dumbledore. It mustve been him. So  when Ive got 
all my stuff  when do I come to this Hogwarts? 

All the details are on the second piece of parchment 
in your envelope, said Dumbledore. You will leave 
from Kings Cross Station on the first of September. 
There is a train ticket in there too. 

Riddle nodded. Dumbledore got to his feet and held 
out his hand again. Taking it, Riddle said, I can 
speak to snakes. I found out when weve been to the 
country on trips  they find me, they whisper to me. 
Is that normal for a wizard? 

Harry could tell that he had withheld mention of this 
strangest power until that moment, determined to 
impress. 

It is unusual, said Dumbledore, after a moments 
hesitation, but not unheard of. 

  308 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




His tone was casual but his eyes moved curiously 
over Riddles face. They stood for a moment, man and 
boy, staring at each other. Then the handshake was 
broken; Dumbledore was at the door. 

Goodbye, Tom. I shall see you at Hogwarts. 

I think that will do, said the whitehaired 
Dumbledore at Harrys side, and seconds later, they 
were soaring weightlessly through darkness once 
more, before landing squarely in the presentday 
office. 

Sit down, said Dumbledore, landing beside Harry. 

Harry obeyed, his mind still full of what he had just 
seen. 

He believed it much quicker than I did  I mean, 
when you told him he was a wizard, said Harry. I 
didnt believe Hagrid at first, when he told me. 

Yes, Riddle was perfectly ready to believe that he was 
 to use his word  special,  said Dumbledore. 

Did you know  then? asked Harry. 

Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous 
Dark wizard of all time? said Dumbledore. No, I had 
no idea that he was to grow up to be what he is. 
However, I was certainly intrigued by him. I returned 
to Hogwarts intending to keep an eye upon him, 
something I should have done in any case, given that 
he was alone and friendless, but which, already, I felt 
I ought to do for others sake as much as his. 

His powers, as you heard, were surprisingly well 
developed for such a young wizard and  most 
interestingly and ominously of all  he had already 

  309 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




discovered that he had some measure of control over 
them, and begun to use them consciously. And as 
you saw, they were not the random experiments 
typical of young wizards: He was already using magic 
against other people, to frighten, to punish, to 
control. The little stories of the strangled rabbit and 
the young boy and girl he lured into a cave were most 
suggestive. ... I can make them hurt if I want to. ... 

And he was a Parselmouth, interjected Harry. 

Yes, indeed; a rare ability, and one supposedly 
connected with the Dark Arts, although as we know, 
there are Parselmouths among the great and the good 
too. In fact, his ability to speak to serpents did not 
make me nearly as uneasy as his obvious instincts for 
cruelty, secrecy, and domination. 

Time is making fools of us again, said Dumbledore, 
indicating the dark sky beyond the windows. But 
before we part, I want to draw your attention to 
certain features of the scene we have just witnessed, 
for they have a great bearing on the matters we shall 
be discussing in future meetings. 

Firstly, I hope you noticed Riddles reaction when I 
mentioned that another shared his first name, Tom? 

Harry nodded. 

There he showed his contempt for anything that tied 
him to other people, anything that made him 
ordinary. Even then, he wished to be different, 
separate, notorious. He shed his name, as you know, 
within a few short years of that conversation and 
created the mask of Lord Voldemort behind which he 
has been hidden for so long. 



  310 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I trust that you also noticed that Tom Riddle was 
already highly selfsufficient, secretive, and, 
apparently, friendless? He did not want help or 
companionship on his trip to Diagon Alley. He 
preferred to operate alone. The adult Voldemort is the 
same. You will hear many of his Death Eaters 
claiming that they are in his confidence, that they 
alone are close to him, even understand him. They 
are deluded. Lord Voldemort has never had a friend, 
nor do I believe that he has ever wanted one. 

And lastly  I hope you are not too sleepy to pay 
attention to this, Harry  the young Tom Riddle liked 
to collect trophies. You saw the box of stolen articles 
he had hidden in his room. These were taken from 
victims of his bullying behavior, souvenirs, if you will, 
of particularly unpleasant bits of magic. Bear in mind 
this magpielike tendency, for this, particularly, will 
be important later. 

And now, it really is time for bed. 

Harry got to his feet. As he walked across the room, 
his eyes fell upon the little table on which Marvolo 
Gaunts ring had rested last time, but the ring was no 
longer there. 

Yes, Harry? said Dumbledore, for Harry had come to 
a halt. 

The rings gone, said Harry, looking around. But I 
thought you might have the mouth organ or 
something. 

Dumbledore beamed at him, peering over the top of 
his halfmoon spectacles. 

Very astute, Harry, but the mouth organ was only 
ever a mouth organ. 

  311 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And on that enigmatic note he waved to Harry, who 
understood himself to be dismissed. 



  312 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   








FELIX FELICIS 

Harry had Herbology first thing the following 
morning. He had been unable to tell Ron and 
Hermione about his lesson with Dumbledore over 
breakfast for fear of being overheard, but he filled 
them in as they walked across the vegetable patch 
toward the greenhouses. The weekends brutal wind 
had died out at last; the weird mist had returned and 
it took them a little longer than usual to find the 
correct greenhouse. 

Wow, scary thought, the boy YouKnowWho, said 
Ron quietly, as they took their places around one of 
the gnarled Snargaluff stumps that formed this terms 
project, and began pulling on their protective gloves. 
But I still dont get why Dumbledores showing you 
all this. I mean, its really interesting and everything, 
but whats the point? 

Dunno, said Harry, inserting a gum shield. But he 
says its all important and itll help me survive. 



  313 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



I think its fascinating, said Hermione earnestly. It 
makes absolute sense to know as much about 
Voldemort as possible. How else will you find out his 
weaknesses? 

So how was Slughorns latest party? Harry asked 
her thickly through the gum shield. 

Oh, it was quite fun, really, said Hermione, now 
putting on protective goggles. I mean, he drones on 
about famous expupils a bit, and he absolutely 
fawns on McLaggen because hes so wellconnected, 
but he gave us some really nice food and he 
introduced us to Gwenog Jones. 

Gwenog Jones? said Ron, his eyes widening under 
his own goggles. The Gwenog Jones? Captain of the 
Holyhead Harpies? 

Thats right, said Hermione. Personally, I thought 
she was a bit full of herself, but   

Quite enough chat over here! said Professor Sprout 
briskly, bustling over and looking stern. Youre 
lagging behind, everybody else has started, and 
Nevilles already got his first pod! 

They looked around; sure enough, there sat Neville 
with a bloody lip and several nasty scratches along 
the side of his face, but clutching an unpleasantly 
pulsating green object about the size of a grapefruit. 

Okay, Professor, were starting now! said Ron, 
adding quietly, when she had turned away again, 
shouldve used Muffliato, Harry. 

No, we shouldnt! said Hermione at once, looking, as 
she always did, intensely cross at the thought of the 



  314 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




HalfBlood Prince and his spells. Well, come on ... 
wed better get going. ... 



She gave the other two an apprehensive look; they all 
took deep breaths and then dived at the gnarled 
stump between them. 

It sprang to life at once; long, prickly, bramblelike 
vines flew out of the top and whipped through the air. 
One tangled itself in Hermiones hair, and Ron beat it 
back with a pair of secateurs; Harry succeeded in 
trapping a couple of vines and knotting them 
together; a hole opened in the middle of all the 
tentaclelike branches; Hermione plunged her arm 
bravely into this hole, which closed like a trap around 
her elbow; Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at 
the vines, forcing the hole to open again, and 
Hermione snatched her arm free, clutching in her 
fingers a pod just like Nevilles. At once, the prickly 
vines shot back inside, and the gnarled stump sat 
there looking like an innocently dead lump of wood. 

You know, I dont think Ill be having any of these in 
my garden when Ive got my own place, said Ron, 
pushing his goggles up onto his forehead and wiping 
sweat from his face. 

Pass me a bowl, said Hermione, holding the 
pulsating pod at arms length; Harry handed one over 
and she dropped the pod into it with a look of disgust 
on her face. 

Dont be squeamish, squeeze it out, theyre best 
when theyre fresh! called Professor Sprout. 

Anyway, said Hermione, continuing their 
interrupted conversation as though a lump of wood 
had not just attacked them, Slughorns going to have 
a Christmas party, Harry, and theres no way youll be 

  315 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




able to wriggle out of this one because he actually 
asked me to check your free evenings, so he could be 
sure to have it on a night you can come. 

Harry groaned. Meanwhile, Ron, who was attempting 
to burst the pod in the bowl by putting both hands on 
it, standing up, and squashing it as hard as he could, 
said angrily, And this is another party just for 
Slughorns favorites, is it? 

Just for the Slug Club, yes, said Hermione. 

The pod flew out from under Rons fingers and hit the 
greenhouse glass, rebounding onto the back of 
Professor Sprouts head and knocking off her old, 
patched hat. Harry went to retrieve the pod; when he 
got back, Hermione was saying, Look, / didnt make 
up the name Slug Club   

 Slug Club,  repeated Ron with a sneer worthy of 
Malfoy. Its pathetic. Well, I hope you enjoy your 
party. Why dont you try hooking up with McLaggen, 
then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug  



Were allowed to bring guests, said Hermione, who 
for some reason had turned a bright, boiling scarlet, 
and I was going to ask you to come, but if you think 
its that stupid then I wont bother! 

Harry suddenly wished the pod had flown a little 
farther, so that he need not have been sitting here 
with the pair of them. Unnoticed by either, he seized 
the bowl that contained the pod and began to try and 
open it by the noisiest and most energetic means he 
could think of; unfortunately, he could still hear every 
word of their conversation. 



  316 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You were going to ask me? asked Ron, in a 
completely different voice. 

Yes, said Hermione angrily. But obviously if youd 
rather I hooked up with McLaggen ... 

There was a pause while Harry continued to pound 
the resilient pod with a trowel. 

No, I wouldnt, said Ron, in a very quiet voice. 

Harry missed the pod, hit the bowl, and shattered it. 

Reparo, he said hastily, poking the pieces with his 
wand, and the bowl sprang back together again. The 
crash, however, appeared to have awoken Ron and 
Hermione to Harrys presence. Hermione looked 
flustered and immediately started fussing about for 
her copy of FleshEating Trees of the World to find out 
the correct way to juice Snargaluff pods; Ron, on the 
other hand, looked sheepish but also rather pleased 
with himself. 

Hand that over, Harry, said Hermione hurriedly. It 
says were supposed to puncture them with 
something sharp. ... 

Harry passed her the pod in the bowl; he and Ron 
both snapped their goggles back over their eyes and 
dived, once more, for the stump. 

It was not as though he was really surprised, thought 
Harry, as he wrestled with a thorny vine intent upon 
throttling him; he had had an inkling that this might 
happen sooner or later. But he was not sure how he 
felt about it. ... He and Cho were now too 
embarrassed to look at each other, let alone talk to 
each other; what if Ron and Hermione started going 
out together, then split up? Could their friendship 
  317 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




survive it? Harry remembered the few weeks when 
they had not been talking to each other in the third 
year; he had not enjoyed trying to bridge the distance 
between them. And then, what if they didnt split up? 
What if they became like Bill and Fleur, and it 
became excruciatingly embarrassing to be in their 
presence, so that he was shut out for good? 

Gotcha! yelled Ron, pulling a second pod from the 
stump just as Hermione managed to burst the first 
one open, so that the bowl was full of tubers wriggling 
like pale green worms. 

The rest of the lesson passed without further mention 
of Slughorns party. Although Harry watched his two 
friends more closely over the next few days, Ron and 
Hermione did not seem any different except that they 
were a little politer to each other than usual. Harry 
supposed he would just have to wait to see what 
happened under the influence of butterbeer in 
Slughorns dimly lit room on the night of the party. In 
the meantime, however, he had more pressing 
worries. 

Katie Bell was still in St. Mungos Hospital with no 
prospect of leaving, which meant that the promising 
Gryffindor team Harry had been training so carefully 
since September was one Chaser short. He kept 
putting off replacing Katie in the hope that she would 
return, but their opening match against Slytherin was 
looming, and he finally had to accept that she would 
not be back in time to play. 

Harry did not think he could stand another full 
House tryout. With a sinking feeling that had little to 
do with Quidditch, he cornered Dean Thomas after 
Transfiguration one day. Most of the class had 
already left, although several twittering yellow birds 
were still zooming around the room, all of Hermione s 
  318 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




creation; nobody else had succeeded in conjuring so 
much as a feather from thin air. 

Are you still interested in playing Chaser? 

Wha  ? Yeah, of course! said Dean excitedly. Over 
Deans shoulder, Harry saw Seamus Finnigan 
slamming his books into his bag, looking sour. One of 
the reasons why Harry would have preferred not to 
have to ask Dean to play was that he knew Seamus 
would not like it. On the other hand, he had to do 
what was best for the team, and Dean had outflown 
Seamus at the tryouts. 

Well then, youre in, said Harry. Theres a practice 
tonight, seven oclock. 

Right, said Dean. Cheers, Harry! Blimey, I cant 
wait to tell Ginny! 

He sprinted out of the room, leaving Harry and 
Seamus alone together, an uncomfortable moment 
made no easier when a bird dropping landed on 
Seamuss head as one of Hermiones canaries whizzed 
over them. 

Seamus was not the only person disgruntled by the 
choice of Katies substitute. There was much 
muttering in the common room about the fact that 
Harry had now chosen two of his classmates for the 
team. As Harry had endured much worse mutterings 
than this in his school career, he was not particularly 
bothered, but all the same, the pressure was 
increasing to provide a win in the upcoming match 
against Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, Harry knew that 
the whole House would forget that they had criticized 
him and swear that they had always known it was a 
great team. If they lost ... well, Harry thought wryly, 
he had still endured worse mutterings. ... 

  319 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry had no reason to regret his choice once he saw 
Dean fly that evening; he worked well with Ginny and 
Demelza. The Beaters, Peakes and Coote, were getting 
better all the time. The only problem was Ron. 

Harry had known all along that Ron was an 
inconsistent player who suffered from nerves and a 
lack of confidence, and unfortunately, the looming 
prospect of the opening game of the season seemed to 
have brought out all his old insecurities. After letting 
in half a dozen goals, most of them scored by Ginny, 
his technique became wilder and wilder, until he 
finally punched an oncoming Demelza Robins in the 
mouth. 

It was an accident, Im sorry, Demelza, really sorry! 
Ron shouted after her as she zigzagged back to the 
ground, dripping blood everywhere. I just   

Panicked, Ginny said angrily, landing next to 
Demelza and examining her fat lip. You prat, Ron, 
look at the state of her! 

I can fix that, said Harry, landing beside the two 
girls, pointing his wand at Demelzas mouth, and 
saying Episkey. And Ginny, dont call Ron a prat, 
youre not the Captain of this team   

Well, you seemed too busy to call him a prat and I 
thought someone should   

Harry forced himself not to laugh. 

In the air, everyone, lets go. ... 

Overall it was one of the worst practices they had had 
all term, though Harry did not feel that honesty was 
the best policy when they were this close to the 
match. 

  320 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Good work, everyone, I think well flatten Slytherin, 
he said bracingly and the Chasers and Beaters left 
the changing room looking reasonably happy with 
themselves. 

I played like a sack of dragon dung, said Ron in a 
hollow voice when the door had swung shut behind 
Ginny. 

No, you didnt, said Harry firmly. Youre the best 
Keeper I tried out, Ron. Your only problem is nerves. 

He kept up a relentless flow of encouragement all the 
way back to the castle, and by the time they reached 
the second floor, Ron was looking marginally more 
cheerful. When Harry pushed open the tapestry to 
take their usual shortcut up to Gryffindor Tower, 
however, they found themselves looking at Dean and 
Ginny, who were locked in a close embrace and 
kissing fiercely as though glued together. 

It was as though something large and scaly erupted 
into life in Harrys stomach, clawing at his insides: 

Hot blood seemed to flood his brain, so that all 
thought was extinguished, replaced by a savage urge 
to jinx Dean into a jelly. Wrestling with this sudden 
madness, he heard Rons voice as though from a great 
distance away. 

Oi! 



Dean and Ginny broke apart and looked around. 
What? said Ginny. 

I dont want to find my own sister snogging people in 
public! 



  321 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




This was a deserted corridor till you came butting 
in! said Ginny. 

Dean was looking embarrassed. He gave Harry a 
shifty grin that Harry did not return, as the newborn 
monster inside him was roaring for Deans instant 
dismissal from the team. 

Er ... cmon, Ginny, said Dean, lets go back to the 
common room. ... 

You go! said Ginny. I want a word with my dear 
brother! 

Dean left, looking as though he was not sorry to 
depart the scene. 

Right, said Ginny, tossing her long red hair out of 
her face and glaring at Ron, lets get this straight 
once and for all. It is none of your business who I go 
out with or what I do with them, Ron   

Yeah, it is! said Ron, just as angrily. Dyou think I 
want people saying my sisters a   

A what? shouted Ginny, drawing her wand. A what, 
exactly? 

He doesnt mean anything, Ginny   said Harry 
automatically, though the monster was roaring its 
approval of Rons words. 

Oh yes he does! she said, flaring up at Harry. Just 
because hes never snogged anyone in his life, just 
because the best kiss hes ever had is from our Auntie 
Muriel   

Shut your mouth! bellowed Ron, bypassing red and 
turning maroon. 

  322 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, I will not! yelled Ginny, beside herself. Ive seen 
you with Phlegm, hoping shell kiss you on the cheek 
every time you see her, its pathetic! If you went out 
and got a bit of snogging done yourself, you wouldnt 
mind so much that everyone else does it! 

Ron had pulled out his wand too; Harry stepped 
swiftly between them. 

You dont know what youre talking about! Ron 
roared, trying to get a clear shot at Ginny around 
Harry, who was now standing in front of her with his 
arms outstretched. Just because I dont do it in 
public  ! 

Ginny screamed with derisive laughter, trying to push 
Harry out of the way. 

Been kissing Pigwidgeon, have you? Or have you got 
a picture of Auntie Muriel stashed under your 
pillow? 

You 

A streak of orange light flew under Harrys left arm 
and missed Ginny by inches; Harry pushed Ron up 
against the wall. 

Dont be stupid   

Harrys snogged Cho Chang! shouted Ginny, who 
sounded close to tears now. And Hermione snogged 
Viktor Krum, its only you who acts like its something 
disgusting, Ron, and thats because youve got about 
as much experience as a twelveyearold! 

And with that, she stormed away. Harry quickly let go 
of Ron; the look on his face was murderous. They 
both stood there, breathing heavily, until Mrs. Norris, 

  323 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Filch s cat, appeared around the corner, which broke 
the tension. 



Cmon, said Harry, as the sound of Filch s shuffling 
feet reached their ears. 

They hurried up the stairs and along a seventhfloor 
corridor. Oi, out of the way! Ron barked at a small 
girl who jumped in fright and dropped a bottle of 
toadspawn. 

Harry hardly noticed the sound of shattering glass; he 
felt disoriented, dizzy; being struck by a lightning bolt 
must be something like this. Its just because shes 
Rons sister, he told himself. You just didnt like seeing 
her kissing Dean because shes Rons sister. ... 

But unbidden into his mind came an image of that 
same deserted corridor with himself kissing Ginny 
instead. ... The monster in his chest purred ... but 
then he saw Ron ripping open the tapestry curtain 
and drawing his wand on Harry, shouting things like 
betrayal of trust . . . supposed to be my friend . . . 

Dyou think Hermione did snog Krum? Ron asked 
abruptly, as they approached the Fat Lady. Harry 
gave a guilty start and wrenched his imagination 
away from a corridor in which no Ron intruded, in 
which he and Ginny were quite alone  

What? he said confusedly. Oh ... er ... 

The honest answer was yes, but he did not want to 
give it. However, Ron seemed to gather the worst from 
the look on Harrys face. 

Dilligrout, he said darkly to the Fat Lady, and they 
climbed through the portrait hole into the common 
room. 

  324 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Neither of them mentioned Ginny or Hermione again; 
indeed, they barely spoke to each other that evening 
and got into bed in silence, each absorbed in his own 
thoughts. 

Harry lay awake for a long time, looking up at the 
canopy of his fourposter and trying to convince 
himself that his feelings for Ginny were entirely elder 
brotherly. They had lived, had they not, like brother 
and sister all summer, playing Quidditch, teasing 
Ron, and having a laugh about Bill and Phlegm? He 
had known Ginny for years now. ... It was natural 
that he should feel protective . . . natural that he 
should want to look out for her . . . want to rip Dean 
limb from limb for kissing her ... No ... he would have 
to control that particular brotherly feeling. . . . 

Ron gave a great grunting snore. 

Shes Rons sister, Harry told himself firmly. Rons 
sister. Shes outofbounds. He would not risk his 
friendship with Ron for anything. He punched his 
pillow into a more comfortable shape and waited for 
sleep to come, trying his utmost not to allow his 
thoughts to stray anywhere near Ginny. 

Harry awoke next morning feeling slightly dazed and 
confused by a series of dreams in which Ron had 
chased him with a Beaters bat, but by midday he 
would have happily exchanged the dream Ron for the 
real one, who was not only coldshouldering Ginny 
and Dean, but also treating a hurt and bewildered 
Hermione with an icy, sneering indifference. What 
was more, Ron seemed to have become, overnight, as 
touchy and ready to lash out as the average Blast 
Ended Skrewt. Harry spent the day attempting to 
keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no 
success; finally, Hermione departed for bed in high 
dudgeon, and Ron stalked off to the boys dormitory 
  325 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




after swearing angrily at several frightened first years 
for looking at him. 

To Harrys dismay, Rons new aggression did not wear 
off over the next few days. Worse still, it coincided 
with an even deeper dip in his Keeping skills, which 
made him still more aggressive, so that during the 
final Quidditch practice before Saturdays match, he 
failed to save every single goal the Chasers aimed at 
him, but bellowed at everybody so much that he 
reduced Demelza Robins to tears. 

You shut up and leave her alone! shouted Peakes, 
who was about twothirds Rons height, though 
admittedly carrying a heavy bat. 

ENOUGH! bellowed Harry, who had seen Ginny 
glowering in Rons direction and, remembering her 
reputation as an accomplished caster of the Bat 
Bogey Hex, soared over to intervene before things got 
out of hand. Peakes, go and pack up the Bludgers. 
Demelza, pull yourself together, you played really well 
today. Ron ... he waited until the rest of the team 
were out of earshot before saying it, youre my best 
mate, but carry on treating the rest of them like this 
and Im going to kick you off the team. 

He really thought for a moment that Ron might hit 
him, but then something much worse happened: Ron 
seemed to sag on his broom; all the fight went out of 
him and he said, I resign. Im pathetic. 

Youre not pathetic and youre not resigning! said 
Harry fiercely, seizing Ron by the front of his robes. 
You can save anything when youre on form, its a 
mental problem youve got! 

You calling me mental? 



  326 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yeah, maybe I am! 

They glared at each other for a moment, then Ron 
shook his head wearily. I know you havent got any 
time to find another Keeper, so Ill play tomorrow, but 
if we lose, and we will, Im taking myself off the team. 

Nothing Harry said made any difference. He tried 
boosting Rons confidence all through dinner, but Ron 
was too busy being grumpy and surly with Hermione 
to notice. Harry persisted in the common room that 
evening, but his assertion that the whole team would 
be devastated if Ron left was somewhat undermined 
by the fact that the rest of the team was sitting in a 
huddle in a distant corner, clearly muttering about 
Ron and casting him nasty looks. Finally Harry tried 
getting angry again in the hope of provoking Ron into 
a defiant, and hopefully goalsaving, attitude, but this 
strategy did not appear to work any better than 
encouragement; Ron went to bed as dejected and 
hopeless as ever. 

Harry lay awake for a very long time in the darkness. 
He did not want to lose the upcoming match; not only 
was it his first as Captain, but he was determined to 
beat Draco Malfoy at Quidditch even if he could not 
yet prove his suspicions about him. Yet if Ron played 
as he had done in the last few practices, their 
chances of winning were very slim. ... 

If only there was something he could do to make Ron 
pull himself together . . . make him play at the top of 
his form . . . something that would ensure that Ron 
had a really good day. ... 

And the answer came to Harry in one, sudden, 
glorious stroke of inspiration. 



  327 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Breakfast was the usual excitable affair next morning; 
the Slytherins hissed and booed loudly as every 
member of the Gryffindor team entered the Great 
Hall. Harry glanced at the ceiling and saw a clear, 
pale blue sky: a good omen. 

The Gryffindor table, a solid mass of red and gold, 
cheered as Harry and Ron approached. Harry grinned 
and waved; Ron grimaced weakly and shook his head. 

Cheer up, Ron! called Lavender. I know youll be 
brilliant! 

Ron ignored her. 

Tea? Harry asked him. Coffee? Pumpkin juice? 

Anything, said Ron glumly, taking a moody bite of 
toast. 

A few minutes later Hermione, who had become so 
tired of Rons recent unpleasant behavior that she 
had not come down to breakfast with them, paused 
on her way up the table. 

How are you both feeling? she asked tentatively, her 
eyes on the back of Rons head. 

Fine, said Harry, who was concentrating on handing 
Ron a glass of pumpkin juice. There you go, Ron. 
Drink up. 

Ron had just raised the glass to his lips when 
Hermione spoke sharply. 

Dont drink that, Ron! 

Both Harry and Ron looked up at her. 



  328 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Why not? said Ron. 



Hermione was now staring at Harry as though she 
could not believe her eyes. 

You just put something in that drink. 

Excuse me? said Harry. 

You heard me. I saw you. You just tipped something 
into Rons drink. Youve got the bottle in your hand 
right now! 

I dont know what youre talking about, said Harry, 
stowing the little bottle hastily in his pocket. 

Ron, I warn you, dont drink it! Hermione said 
again, alarmed, but Ron picked up the glass, drained 
it in one gulp, and said, Stop bossing me around, 
Hermione. 

She looked scandalized. Bending low so that only 
Harry could hear her, she hissed, You should be 
expelled for that. Id never have believed it of you, 
Harry! 

Hark whos talking, he whispered back. Confunded 
anyone lately? 

She stormed up the table away from them. Harry 
watched her go without regret. Hermione had never 
really understood what a serious business Quidditch 
was. He then looked around at Ron, who was 
smacking his lips. 

Nearly time, said Harry blithely. 

The frosty grass crunched underfoot as they strode 
down to the stadium. 

  329 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Pretty lucky the weathers this good, eh? Harry 
asked Ron. 



Yeah, said Ron, who was pale and sicklooking. 

Ginny and Demelza were already wearing their 
Quidditch robes and waiting in the changing room. 

Conditions look ideal, said Ginny, ignoring Ron. 

And guess what? That Slytherin Chaser Vaisey  he 
took a Bludger in the head yesterday during their 
practice, and hes too sore to play! And even better 
than that  Malfoys gone off sick too! 

 What? said Harry, wheeling around to stare at her. 
Hes ill? Whats wrong with him? 

No idea, but its great for us, said Ginny brightly. 
Theyre playing Harper instead; hes in my year and 
hes an idiot. 

Harry smiled back vaguely, but as he pulled on his 
scarlet robes his mind was far from Quidditch. Malfoy 
had once before claimed he could not play due to 
injury, but on that occasion he had made sure the 
whole match was rescheduled for a time that suited 
the Slytherins better. Why was he now happy to let a 
substitute go on? Was he really ill, or was he faking? 

Fishy, isnt it? he said in an undertone to Ron. 
Malfoy not playing? 

Lucky, I call it, said Ron, looking slightly more 
animated. And Vaisey off too, hes their best goal 
scorer, I didnt fancy  hey! he said suddenly, 
freezing halfway through pulling on his Keepers 
gloves and staring at Harry. 

What? 

  330 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I ... you ... Ron had dropped his voice, he looked 
both scared and excited. My drink ... my pumpkin 
juice ... you didnt ... ? 

Harry raised his eyebrows, but said nothing except, 
Well be starting in about five minutes, youd better 
get your boots on. 

They walked out onto the pitch to tumultuous roars 
and boos. One end of the stadium was solid red and 
gold; the other, a sea of green and silver. Many 
Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws had taken sides too: 
Amidst all the yelling and clapping Harry could 
distinctly hear the roar of Luna Lovegoods famous 
liontopped hat. 

Harry stepped up to Madam Hooch, the referee, who 
was standing ready to release the balls from the crate. 

Captains shake hands, she said, and Harry had his 
hand crushed by the new Slytherin Captain, 

Urquhart. Mount your brooms. On the whistle ... 
three ... two ... one ... 

The whistle sounded, Harry and the others kicked off 
hard from the frozen ground, and they were away. 

Harry soared around the perimeter of the grounds, 
looking around for the Snitch and keeping one eye on 
Harper, who was zigzagging far below him. Then a 
voice that was jarringly different to the usual 
commentators started up. 

Well, there they go, and I think were all surprised to 
see the team that Potters put together this year. 

Many thought, given Ronald Weasleys patchy 
performance as Keeper last year, that he might be off 
the team, but of course, a close personal friendship 
with the Captain does help. ... 

  331 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




These words were greeted with jeers and applause 
from the Slytherin end of the pitch. Harry craned 
around on his broom to look toward the 
commentators podium. A tall, skinny blond boy with 
an upturned nose was standing there, talking into the 
magical megaphone that had once been Lee Jordans; 
Harry recognized Zacharias Smith, a Hufflepuff player 
whom he heartily disliked. 

Oh, and here comes Slytherin s first attempt on goal, 
its Urquhart streaking down the pitch and   

Harrys stomach turned over. 

  Weasley saves it, well, hes bound to get lucky 
sometimes, I suppose. ... 

Thats right, Smith, he is, muttered Harry, grinning 
to himself, as he dived amongst the Chasers with his 
eyes searching all around for some hint of the elusive 
Snitch. 

With half an hour of the game gone, Gryffindor were 
leading sixty points to zero, Ron having made some 
truly spectacular saves, some by the very tips of his 
gloves, and Ginny having scored four of Gryffindors 
six goals. This effectively stopped Zacharias 
wondering loudly whether the two Weasleys were only 
there because Harry liked them, and he started on 
Peakes and Coote instead. 

Of course, Coote isnt really the usual build for a 
Beater, said Zacharias loftily, theyve generally got a 
bit more muscle   

Hit a Bludger at him! Harry called to Coote as he 
zoomed past, but Coote, grinning broadly, chose to 
aim the next Bludger at Harper instead, who was just 
passing Harry in the opposite direction. Harry was 

  332 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




pleased to hear the dull thunk that meant the 
Bludger had found its mark. 

It seemed as though Gryffindor could do no wrong. 
Again and again they scored, and again and again, at 
the other end of the pitch, Ron saved goals with 
apparent ease. He was actually smiling now, and 
when the crowd greeted a particularly good save with 
a rousing chorus of the old favorite Weasley Is Our 
King, he pretended to conduct them from on high. 

Thinks hes something special today, doesnt he? 
said a snide voice, and Harry was nearly knocked off 
his broom as Harper collided with him hard and 
deliberately. Your bloodtraitor pal ... 

Madam Hoochs back was turned, and though 
Gryffindors below shouted in anger, by the time she 
looked around, Harper had already sped off. His 
shoulder aching, Harry raced after him, determined to 
ram him back. . . . 

And I think Harper of Slytherins seen the Snitch! 
said Zacharias Smith through his megaphone. Yes, 
hes certainly seen something Potter hasnt! 

Smith really was an idiot, thought Harry, hadnt he 
noticed them collide? But next moment, his stomach 
seemed to drop out of the sky  Smith was right and 
Harry was wrong: Harper had not sped upward at 
random; he had spotted what Harry had not: The 
Snitch was speeding along high above them, glinting 
brightly against the clear blue sky. 

Harry accelerated; the wind was whistling in his ears 
so that it drowned all sound of Smiths commentary 
or the crowd, but Harper was still ahead of him, and 
Gryffindor was only a hundred points up; if Harper 



  333 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




got there first Gryffindor had lost . . . and now Harper 
was feet from it, his hand outstretched. ... 

Oi, Harper! yelled Harry in desperation. How much 
did Malfoy pay you to come on instead of him? 

He did not know what made him say it, but Harper 
did a doubletake; he fumbled the Snitch, let it slip 
through his fingers, and shot right past it. Harry 
made a great swipe for the tiny, fluttering ball and 
caught it. 

YES! Harry yelled. Wheeling around, he hurtled 
back toward the ground, the Snitch held high in his 
hand. As the crowd realized what had happened, a 
great shout went up that almost drowned the sound 
of the whistle that signaled the end of the game. 

Ginny, where re you going? yelled Harry, who had 
found himself trapped in the midst of a mass midair 
hug with the rest of the team, but Ginny sped right 
on past them until, with an almighty crash, she 
collided with the commentators podium. As the 
crowd shrieked and laughed, the Gryffindor team 
landed beside the wreckage of wood under which 
Zacharias was feebly stirring; Harry heard Ginny 
saying blithely to an irate Professor McGonagall, 
Forgot to brake, Professor, sorry. 

Laughing, Harry broke free of the rest of the team and 
hugged Ginny, but let go very quickly. Avoiding her 
gaze, he clapped a cheering Ron on the back instead 
as, all enmity forgotten, the Gryffindor team left the 
pitch arm in arm, punching the air and waving to 
their supporters. 

The atmosphere in the changing room was jubilant. 



  334 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Party up in the common room, Seamus said! yelled 
Dean exuberantly. Cmon, Ginny, Demelza! 

Ron and Harry were the last two in the changing 
room. They were just about to leave when Hermione 
entered. She was twisting her Gryffindor scarf in her 
hands and looked upset but determined. 

I want a word with you, Harry. She took a deep 
breath. You shouldnt have done it. You heard 
Slughorn, its illegal. 

What are you going to do, turn us in? demanded 
Ron. 

What are you two talking about? asked Harry, 
turning away to hang up his robes so that neither of 
them would see him grinning. 

You know perfectly well what were talking about! 
said Hermione shrilly. You spiked Rons juice with 
lucky potion at breakfast! Felix Felicis! 

No, I didnt, said Harry, turning back to face them 
both. 

Yes you did, Harry, and thats why everything went 
right, there were Slytherin players missing and Ron 
saved everything! 

I didnt put it in! said Harry, grinning broadly. He 
slipped his hand inside his jacket pocket and drew 
out the tiny bottle that Hermione had seen in his 
hand that morning. It was full of golden potion and 
the cork was still tightly sealed with wax. I wanted 
Ron to think Id done it, so I faked it when I knew you 
were looking. He looked at Ron. You saved 
everything because you felt lucky. You did it all 
yourself. 

  335 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He pocketed the potion again. 



There really wasnt anything in my pumpkin juice? 
Ron said, astounded. But the weathers good ... and 
Vaisey couldnt play. ... I honestly havent been given 
lucky potion? 

Harry shook his head. Ron gaped at him for a 
moment, then rounded on Hermione, imitating her 
voice.  You added Felix Felicis to Rons juice this 
morning, thats why he saved every thing\ See! I can 
save goals without help, Hermione! 

I never said you couldnt  Ron, you thought youd 
been given it too! 

But Ron had already strode past her out of the door 
with his broomstick over his shoulder. 

Er, said Harry into the sudden silence; he had not 
expected his plan to backfire like this, shall ... shall 
we go up to the party, then? 

You go! said Hermione, blinking back tears. Im 
sick of Ron at the moment, I dont know what Im 
supposed to have done. ... 

And she stormed out of the changing room too. 

Harry walked slowly back up the grounds toward the 
castle through the crowd, many of whom shouted 
congratulations at him, but he felt a great sense of 
letdown; he had been sure that if Ron won the match, 
he and Hermione would be friends again immediately. 
He did not see how he could possibly explain to 
Hermione that what she had done to offend Ron was 
kiss Viktor Krum, not when the offense had occurred 
so long ago. 



  336 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry could not see Hermione at the Gryffindor 
celebration party, which was in full swing when he 
arrived. Renewed cheers and clapping greeted his 
appearance, and he was soon surrounded by a mob of 
people congratulating him. What with trying to shake 
off the Creevey brothers, who wanted a blowbyblow 
match analysis, and the large group of girls that 
encircled him, laughing at his least amusing 
comments and batting their eyelids, it was some time 
before he could try and find Ron. At last, he 
extricated himself from Romilda Vane, who was 
hinting heavily that she would like to go to Slughorns 
Christmas party with him. As he was ducking toward 
the drinks table, he walked straight into Ginny, 

Arnold the Pygmy Puff riding on her shoulder and 
Crookshanks mewing hopefully at her heels. 

Looking for Ron? she asked, smirking. Hes over 
there, the filthy hypocrite. 

Harry looked into the corner she was indicating. 

There, in full view of the whole room, stood Ron 
wrapped so closely around Lavender Brown it was 
hard to tell whose hands were whose. 

It looks like hes eating her face, doesnt it? said 
Ginny dispassionately. But I suppose hes got to 
refine his technique somehow. Good game, Harry. 

She patted him on the arm; Harry felt a swooping 
sensation in his stomach, but then she walked off to 
help herself to more butterbeer. Crookshanks trotted 
after her, his yellow eyes fixed upon Arnold. 

Harry turned away from Ron, who did not look like he 
would be surfacing soon, just as the portrait hole was 
closing. With a sinking feeling, he thought he saw a 
mane of bushy brown hair whipping out of sight. 



  337 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He darted forward, sidestepped Romilda Vane again, 
and pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady. The 
corridor outside seemed to be deserted. 

Hermione? 

He found her in the first unlocked classroom he tried. 
She was sitting on the teachers desk, alone except for 
a small ring of twittering yellow birds circling her 
head, which she had clearly just conjured out of 
midair. Harry could not help admiring her spellwork 
at a time like this. 

Oh, hello, Harry, she said in a brittle voice. I was 
just practicing. 

Yeah ... theyre  er  really good. ... said Harry. 

He had no idea what to say to her. He was just 
wondering whether there was any chance that she 
had not noticed Ron, that she had merely left the 
room because the party was a little too rowdy, when 
she said, in an unnaturally highpitched voice, Ron 
seems to be enjoying the celebrations. 

Er . . . does he? said Harry. 

Dont pretend you didnt see him, said Hermione. 

He wasnt exactly hiding it, was  ? 

The door behind them burst open. To Harrys horror, 
Ron came in, laughing, pulling Lavender by the hand. 

Oh, he said, drawing up short at the sight of Harry 
and Hermione. 

Oops! said Lavender, and she backed out of the 
room, giggling. The door swung shut behind her. 



  338 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There was a horrible, swelling, billowing silence. 
Hermione was staring at Ron, who refused to look at 
her, but said with an odd mixture of bravado and 
awkwardness, Hi, Harry! Wondered where youd got 
to! 

Hermione slid off the desk. The little flock of golden 
birds continued to twitter in circles around her head 
so that she looked like a strange, feathery model of 
the solar system. 

You shouldnt leave Lavender waiting outside, she 
said quietly. Shell wonder where youve gone. 

She walked very slowly and erectly toward the door. 
Harry glanced at Ron, who was looking relieved that 
nothing worse had happened. 

 Oppugno\ came a shriek from the doorway. 

Harry spun around to see Hermione pointing her 
wand at Ron, her expression wild: The little flock of 
birds was speeding like a hail of fat golden bullets 
toward Ron, who yelped and covered his face with his 
hands, but the birds attacked, pecking and clawing at 
every bit of flesh they could reach. 

Gerremoffme! he yelled, but with one last look of 
vindictive fury, Hermione wrenched open the door 
and disappeared through it. Harry thought he heard a 
sob before it slammed. 



  339 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






THE UNBREAKABLE VOW 

Snow was swirling against the icy windows once 
more; Christmas was approaching fast. Hagrid had 
already singlehandedly delivered the usual twelve 
Christmas trees for the Great Hall; garlands of holly 
and tinsel had been twisted around the banisters of 
the stairs; everlasting candles glowed from inside the 
helmets of suits of armor and great bunches of 
mistletoe had been hung at intervals along the 
corridors. Large groups of girls tended to converge 
underneath the mistletoe bunches every time Harry 
went past, which caused blockages in the corridors; 
fortunately, however, Harrys frequent nighttime 
wanderings had given him an unusually good 
knowledge of the castles secret passageways, so that 
he was able, without too much difficulty, to navigate 
mistletoefree routes between classes. 

Ron, who might once have found the necessity of 
these detours a cause for jealousy rather than 
hilarity, simply roared with laughter about it all. 
Although Harry much preferred this new laughing, 



  340 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



joking Ron to the moody, aggressive model he had 
been enduring for the last few weeks, the improved 
Ron came at a heavy price. Firstly, Harry had to put 
up with the frequent presence of Lavender Brown, 
who seemed to regard any moment that she was not 
kissing Ron as a moment wasted; and secondly, 

Harry found himself once more the best friend of two 
people who seemed unlikely ever to speak to each 
other again. 

Ron, whose hands and forearms still bore scratches 
and cuts from Hermiones bird attack, was taking a 
defensive and resentful tone. 

She cant complain, he told Harry. She snogged 
Krum. So shes found out someone wants to snog me 
too. Well, its a free country. I havent done anything 
wrong. 

Harry did not answer, but pretended to be absorbed 
in the book they were supposed to have read before 
Charms next morning (Quintessence: A Quest). 
Determined as he was to remain friends with both 
Ron and Hermione, he was spending a lot of time with 
his mouth shut tight. 

I never promised Hermione anything, Ron mumbled. 
I mean, all right, I was going to go to Slughorns 
Christmas party with her, but she never said ... just 
as friends ... Im a free agent. ... 

Harry turned a  of Quintessence, aware that Ron 
was watching him. Rons voice tailed away in mutters, 
barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire, 
though Harry thought he caught the words Krum 
and cant complain again. 

Hermiones schedule was so full that Harry could only 
talk to her properly in the evenings, when Ron was, in 

  341 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




any case, so tightly wrapped around Lavender that he 
did not notice what Harry was doing. Hermione 
refused to sit in the common room while Ron was 
there, so Harry generally joined her in the library, 
which meant that their conversations were held in 
whispers. 

Hes at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he likes, 
said Hermione, while the librarian, Madam Pince, 
prowled the shelves behind them. I really couldnt 
care less. 

She raised her quill and dotted an i so ferociously 
that she punctured a hole in her parchment. Harry 
said nothing. He thought his voice might soon vanish 
from lack of use. He bent a little lower over Advanced 
PotionMaking and continued to make notes on 
Everlasting Elixirs, occasionally pausing to decipher 
the Princes useful additions to Libatius Borages text. 

And incidentally, said Hermione, after a few 
moments, you need to be careful. 

For the last time, said Harry, speaking in a slightly 
hoarse whisper after threequarters of an hour of 
silence, I am not giving back this book, Ive learned 
more from the HalfBlood Prince than Snape or 
Slughorn have taught me in   

Im not talking about your stupid socalled Prince, 
said Hermione, giving his book a nasty look as though 
it had been rude to her. Im talking about earlier. I 
went into the girls bathroom just before I came in 
here and there were about a dozen girls in there, 
including that Romilda Vane, trying to decide how to 
slip you a love potion. Theyre all hoping theyre going 
to get you to take them to Slughorn s party, and they 
all seem to have bought Fred and Georges love 
potions, which Im afraid to say probably work   
  342 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Why didnt you confiscate them then? demanded 
Harry. It seemed extraordinary that Hermiones mania 
for upholding rules could have abandoned her at this 
crucial juncture. 

They didnt have the potions with them in the 
bathroom, said Hermione scornfully. They were just 
discussing tactics. As I doubt whether even the Half 
Blood Prince   she gave the book another nasty look 
 could dream up an antidote for a dozen different 
love potions at once, Id just invite someone to go with 
you, thatll stop all the others thinking theyve still got 
a chance. Its tomorrow night, theyre getting 
desperate. 

There isnt anyone I want to invite, mumbled Harry, 
who was still trying not to think about Ginny any 
more than he could help, despite the fact that she 
kept cropping up in his dreams in ways that made 
him devoutly thankful that Ron could not perform 
Legilimency. 

Well, just be careful what you drink, because 
Romilda Vane looked like she meant business, said 
Hermione grimly. 

She hitched up the long roll of parchment on which 
she was writing her Arithmancy essay and continued 
to scratch away with her quill. Harry watched her 
with his mind a long way away. 

Hang on a moment, he said slowly. I thought Filch 
had banned anything bought at Weasleys Wizard 
Wheezes? 

And when has anyone ever paid attention to what 
Filch has banned? asked Hermione, still 
concentrating on her essay. 



  343 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But I thought all the owls were being searched. So 
how come these girls are able to bring love potions 
into school? 

Fred and George send them disguised as perfumes 
and cough potions, said Hermione. Its part of their 
Owl Order Service. 

You know a lot about it. 

Hermione gave him the kind of nasty look she had 
just given his copy of Advanced PotionMaking. 

It was all on the back of the bottles they showed 
Ginny and me in the summer, she said coldly. I 
dont go around putting potions in peoples drinks ... 
or pretending to, either, which is just as bad. ... 

Yeah, well, never mind that, said Harry quickly. 

The point is, Filch is being fooled, isnt he? These 
girls are getting stuff into the school disguised as 
something else! So why couldnt Malfoy have brought 
the necklace into the school  ? 

Oh, Harry ... not that again ... 

Come on, why not? demanded Harry. 

Look, sighed Hermione, Secrecy Sensors detect 
jinxes, curses, and concealment charms, dont they? 
Theyre used to find Dark Magic and Dark objects. 
Theyd have picked up a powerful curse, like the one 
on that necklace, within seconds. But something 
thats just been put in the wrong bottle wouldnt 
register  and anyway, love potions arent Dark or 
dangerous   

Easy for you to say, muttered Harry, thinking of 
Romilda Vane. 

  344 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




  so it would be down to Filch to realize it wasnt a 
cough potion, and hes not a very good wizard, I doubt 
he can tell one potion from   

Hermione stopped dead; Harry had heard it too. 
Somebody had moved close behind them among the 
dark bookshelves. They waited, and a moment later 
the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince 
appeared around the corner, her sunken cheeks, her 
skin like parchment, and her long hooked nose 
illuminated unflatteringly by the lamp she was 
carrying. 

The library is now closed, she said. Mind you 
return anything you have borrowed to the correct  
what have you been doing to that book, you depraved 
boy? 

It isnt the librarys, its mine! said Harry hastily, 
snatching his copy of Advanced PotionMaking off the 
table as she lunged at it with a clawlike hand. 

Despoiled! she hissed. Desecrated! Befouled! 

Its just a book thats been written on! said Harry, 
tugging it out of her grip. 

She looked as though she might have a seizure; 
Hermione, who had hastily packed her things, 
grabbed Harry by the arm and frogmarched him 
away. 

Shell ban you from the library if youre not careful. 
Why did you have to bring that stupid book? 

Its not my fault shes barking mad, Hermione. Or 
dyou think she overheard you being rude about 
Filch? Ive always thought there might be something 
going on between them. ... 

  345 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh, ha ha ... 



Enjoying the fact that they could speak normally 
again, they made their way along the deserted, lamp 
lit corridors back to the common room, arguing about 
whether or not Filch and Madam Pince were secretly 
in love with each other. 

Baubles, said Harry to the Fat Lady, this being the 
new, festive password. 

Same to you, said the Fat Lady with a roguish grin, 
and she swung forward to admit them. 

Hi, Harry! said Romilda Vane, the moment he had 
climbed through the portrait hole. Fancy a 
gillywater? 

Hermione gave him a whatdidItellyou? look over 
her shoulder. 

No thanks, said Harry quickly. I dont like it much. 

Well, take these anyway, said Romilda, thrusting a 
box into his hands. Chocolate Cauldrons, theyve got 
firewhisky in them. My gran sent them to me, but I 
dont like them. 

Oh  right  thanks a lot, said Harry, who could 
not think what else to say. Er  Im just going over 
here with ... 

He hurried off behind Hermione, his voice tailing 
away feebly. 

Told you, said Hermione succinctly. Sooner you ask 
someone, sooner theyll all leave you alone and you 
can   



  346 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But her face suddenly turned blank; she had just 
spotted Ron and Lavender, who were entwined in the 
same armchair. 

Well, good night, Harry, said Hermione, though it 
was only seven oclock in the evening, and she left for 
the girls dormitory without another word. 

Harry went to bed comforting himself that there was 
only one more day of lessons to struggle through, 
plus Slughorns party, after which he and Ron would 
depart together for the Burrow. It now seemed 
impossible that Ron and Hermione would make up 
with each other before the holidays began, but 
perhaps, somehow, the break would give them time to 
calm down, think better of their behavior. . . . 

But his hopes were not high, and they sank still lower 
after enduring a Transfiguration lesson with them 
both next day. They had just embarked upon the 
immensely difficult topic of human Transfiguration; 
working in front of mirrors, they were supposed to be 
changing the color of their own eyebrows. Hermione 
laughed unkindly at Rons disastrous first attempt, 
during which he somehow managed to give himself a 
spectacular handlebar mustache; Ron retaliated by 
doing a cruel but accurate impression of Hermione 
jumping up and down in her seat every time Professor 
McGonagall asked a question, which Lavender and 
Parvati found deeply amusing and which reduced 
Hermione to the verge of tears again. She raced out of 
the classroom on the bell, leaving half her things 
behind; Harry, deciding that her need was greater 
than Rons just now, scooped up her remaining 
possessions and followed her. 

He finally tracked her down as she emerged from a 
girls bathroom on the floor below. She was 



  347 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




accompanied by Luna Lovegood, who was patting her 
vaguely on the back. 

Oh, hello, Harry, said Luna. Did you know one of 
your eyebrows is bright yellow? 

Hi, Luna. Hermione, you left your stuff. ... 

He held out her books. 

Oh yes, said Hermione in a choked voice, taking her 
things and turning away quickly to hide the fact that 
she was wiping her eyes on her pencil case. Thank 
you, Harry. Well, Id better get going. ... 

And she hurried off, without giving Harry any time to 
offer words of comfort, though admittedly he could 
not think of any. 

Shes a bit upset, said Luna. I thought at first it 
was Moaning Myrtle in there, but it turned out to be 
Hermione. She said something about that Ron 
Weasley. ... 

Yeah, theyve had a row, said Harry. 

He says very funny things sometimes, doesnt he? 
said Luna, as they set off down the corridor together. 
But he can be a bit unkind. I noticed that last year. 

I spose, said Harry. Luna was demonstrating her 
usual knack of speaking uncomfortable truths; he 
had never met anyone quite like her. So have you 
had a good term? 

Oh, its been all right, said Luna. A bit lonely 
without the D.A. Ginnys been nice, though. She 
stopped two boys in our Transfiguration class calling 
me Loony the other day   

  348 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




How would you like to come to Slughorns party with 
me tonight? 

The words were out of Harrys mouth before he could 
stop them; he heard himself say them as though it 
were a stranger speaking. 

Luna turned her protuberant eyes upon him in 
surprise. 

Slughorns party? With you? 

Yeah, said Harry. Were supposed to bring guests, 
so I thought you might like ... I mean ... He was keen 
to make his intentions perfectly clear. I mean, just as 
friends, you know. But if you dont want to ... 

He was already half hoping that she didnt want to. 

Oh, no, Id love to go with you as friends! said Luna, 
beaming as he had never seen her beam before. 
Nobodys ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! 
Is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? 
Should I do mine too? 

No, said Harry firmly, that was a mistake. Ill get 
Hermione to put it right for me. So, Ill meet you in 
the entrance hall at eight oclock then. 

AHA! screamed a voice from overhead and both of 
them jumped; unnoticed by either of them, they had 
just passed right underneath Peeves, who was 
hanging upside down from a chandelier and grinning 
maliciously at them. 

 Potty asked Loony to go to the partyl Potty lurves 
Loony ! Potty luuuuurves LooooooonyV 



  349 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And he zoomed away, cackling and shrieking, Potty 
loves Loony! 

Nice to keep these things private, said Harry. And 
sure enough, in no time at all the whole school 
seemed to know that Harry Potter was taking Luna 
Lovegood to Slughorns party. 

You couldve taken anyonel said Ron in disbelief 
over dinner. Anyonel And you chose Loony 
Lovegood? 

Dont call her that, Ron, snapped Ginny, pausing 
behind Harry on her way to join friends. Im really 
glad youre taking her, Harry, shes so excited. 

And she moved on down the table to sit with Dean. 
Harry tried to feel pleased that Ginny was glad he was 
taking Luna to the party, but could not quite manage 
it. A long way along the table, Hermione was sitting 
alone, playing with her stew. Harry noticed Ron 
looking at her furtively. 

You could say sorry, suggested Harry bluntly. 

What, and get attacked by another flock of 
canaries? muttered Ron. 

What did you have to imitate her for? 

She laughed at my mustache! 

So did I, it was the stupidest thing Ive ever seen. 

But Ron did not seem to have heard; Lavender had 
just arrived with Parvati. Squeezing herself in 
between Harry and Ron, Lavender flung her arms 
around Rons neck. 



  350 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hi, Harry, said Parvati who, like him, looked faintly 
embarrassed and bored by the behavior of their two 
friends. 

Hi, said Harry. Howre you? Youre staying at 
Hogwarts, then? I heard your parents wanted you to 
leave. 

I managed to talk them out of it for the time being, 
said Parvati. That Katie thing really freaked them 
out, but as there hasnt been anything since ... Oh, 
hi, Hermione! 

Parvati positively beamed. Harry could tell that she 
was feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in 
Transfiguration. He looked around and saw that 
Hermione was beaming back, if possible even more 
brightly. Girls were very strange sometimes. 

Hi, Parvati! said Hermione, ignoring Ron and 
Lavender completely. Are you going to Slughorns 
party tonight? 

No invite, said Parvati gloomily. Id love to go, 
though, it sounds like its going to be really good. ... 
Youre going, arent you? 

Yes, Im meeting Cormac at eight, and were   

There was a noise like a plunger being withdrawn 
from a blocked sink and Ron surfaced. Hermione 
acted as though she had not seen or heard anything. 

  were going up to the party together. 

Cormac? said Parvati. Cormac McLaggen, you 
mean? 



  351 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Thats right, said Hermione sweetly. The one who 
almost   she put a great deal of emphasis on the 
word  became Gryffindor Keeper. 

Are you going out with him, then? asked Parvati, 
wideeyed. 

Oh  yes  didnt you know? said Hermione, with a 
most unHermioneish giggle. 

No! said Parvati, looking positively agog at this piece 
of gossip. Wow, you like your Quidditch players, 
dont you? First Krum, then McLaggen ... 

I like really good Quidditch players, Hermione 
corrected her, still smiling. Well, see you ... Got to go 
and get ready for the party. ... 

She left. At once Lavender and Parvati put their heads 
together to discuss this new development, with 
everything they had ever heard about McLaggen, and 
all they had ever guessed about Hermione. Ron 
looked strangely blank and said nothing. Harry was 
left to ponder in silence the depths to which girls 
would sink to get revenge. 

When he arrived in the entrance hall at eight oclock 
that night, he found an unusually large number of 
girls lurking there, all of whom seemed to be staring 
at him resentfully as he approached Luna. She was 
wearing a set of spangled silver robes that were 
attracting a certain amount of giggles from the 
onlookers, but otherwise she looked quite nice. Harry 
was glad, in any case, that she had left off her radish 
earrings, her butterbeer cork necklace, and her 
Spectrespecs. 

Hi, he said. Shall we get going then? 



  352 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh yes, she said happily. Where is the party? 



Slughorns office, said Harry, leading her up the 
marble staircase away from all the staring and 
muttering. Did you hear, theres supposed to be a 
vampire coming? 

Rufus Scrimgeour? asked Luna. 

I  what? said Harry, disconcerted. You mean the 
Minister of Magic? 

Yes, hes a vampire, said Luna matteroffactly. 
Father wrote a very long article about it when 
Scrimgeour first took over from Cornelius Fudge, but 
he was forced not to publish by somebody from the 
Ministry. Obviously, they didnt want the truth to get 
out! 

Harry, who thought it most unlikely that Rufus 
Scrimgeour was a vampire, but who was used to Luna 
repeating her fathers bizarre views as though they 
were fact, did not reply; they were already 
approaching Slughorns office and the sounds of 
laughter, music, and loud conversation were growing 
louder with every step they took. 

Whether it had been built that way, or because he 
had used magical trickery to make it so, Slughorns 
office was much larger than the usual teachers 
study. The ceiling and walls had been draped with 
emerald, crimson, and gold hangings, so that it 
looked as though they were all inside a vast tent. The 
room was crowded and stuffy and bathed in the red 
light cast by an ornate golden lamp dangling from the 
center of the ceiling in which real fairies were 
fluttering, each a brilliant speck of light. Loud singing 
accompanied by what sounded like mandolins issued 
from a distant corner; a haze of pipe smoke hung over 
  353 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




several elderly warlocks deep in conversation, and a 
number of houseelves were negotiating their way 
squeakily through the forest of knees, obscured by 
the heavy silver platters of food they were bearing, so 
that they looked like little roving tables. 

Harry, mboy! boomed Slughorn, almost as soon as 
Harry and Luna had squeezed in through the door. 
Come in, come in, so many people Id like you to 
meet! 

Slughorn was wearing a tasseled velvet hat to match 
his smoking jacket. Gripping Harrys arm so tightly he 
might have been hoping to Disapparate with him, 
Slughorn led him purposefully into the party; Harry 
seized Lunas hand and dragged her along with him. 

Harry, Id like you to meet Eldred Worple, an old 
student of mine, author of Blood Brothers: My Life 
Amongst the Vampires  and, of course, his friend 
Sanguini. 

Worple, who was a small, stout, bespectacled man, 
grabbed Harrys hand and shook it enthusiastically; 
the vampire Sanguini, who was tall and emaciated 
with dark shadows under his eyes, merely nodded. He 
looked rather bored. A gaggle of girls was standing 
close to him, looking curious and excited. 

Harry Potter, I am simply delighted! said Worple, 
peering shortsightedly up into Harrys face. I was 
saying to Professor Slughorn only the other day, 
Where is the biography of Harry Potter for which we 
have all been waiting?  

Er, said Harry, were you? 

Just as modest as Horace described! said Worple. 
But seriously  his manner changed; it became 

  354 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




suddenly businesslike  I would be delighted to 
write it myself  people are craving to know more 
about you, dear boy, craving! If you were prepared to 
grant me a few interviews, say in four or fivehour 
sessions, why, we could have the book finished within 
months. And all with very little effort on your part, I 
assure you  ask Sanguini here if it isnt quite  
Sanguini, stay here\ added Worple, suddenly stern, 
for the vampire had been edging toward the nearby 
group of girls, a rather hungry look in his eye. Here, 
have a pasty, said Worple, seizing one from a passing 
elf and stuffing it into Sanguinis hand before turning 
his attention back to Harry. 

My dear boy, the gold you could make, you have no 
idea   

Im definitely not interested, said Harry firmly, and 
Ive just seen a friend of mine, sorry. 

He pulled Luna after him into the crowd; he had 
indeed just seen a long mane of brown hair disappear 
between what looked like two members of the Weird 
Sisters. 

Hermione! HermioneV 

Harry! There you are, thank goodness! Hi, Luna! 

Whats happened to you? asked Harry, for Hermione 
looked distinctly disheveled, rather as though she had 
just fought her way out of a thicket of Devils Snare. 

Oh, Ive just escaped  I mean, Ive just left 
Cormac, she said. Under the mistletoe, she added 
in explanation, as Harry continued to look 
questioningly at her. 



  355 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Serves you right for coming with him, he told her 
severely. 



I thought hed annoy Ron most, said Hermione 
dispassionately. I debated for a while about 
Zacharias Smith, but I thought, on the whole   

 You considered Smith? said Harry, revolted. 

Yes, I did, and Im starting to wish Id chosen him, 
McLaggen makes Grawp look a gentleman. Lets go 
this way, well be able to see him coming, hes so tall. 



The three of them made their way over to the other 
side of the room, scooping up goblets of mead on the 
way, realizing too late that Professor Trelawney was 
standing there alone. 

Hello, said Luna politely to Professor Trelawney. 

Good evening, my dear, said Professor Trelawney, 
focusing upon Luna with some difficulty. Harry could 
smell cooking sherry again. I havent seen you in my 
classes lately. ... 

No, Ive got Firenze this year, said Luna. 

Oh, of course, said Professor Trelawney with an 
angry, drunken titter. Or Dobbin, as I prefer to think 
of him. You would have thought, would you not, that 
now I am returned to the school Professor 
Dumbledore might have got rid of the horse? But no 
... we share classes. ... Its an insult, frankly, an 
insult. Do you know ... 

Professor Trelawney seemed too tipsy to have 
recognized Harry. Under cover of her furious 
criticisms of Firenze, Harry drew closer to Hermione 

  356 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and said, Lets get something straight. Are you 
planning to tell Ron that you interfered at Keeper 
tryouts? 

Hermione raised her eyebrows. Do you really think 
Id stoop that low? 

Harry looked at her shrewdly. Hermione, if you can 
ask out McLaggen   

Theres a difference, said Hermione with dignity. 

Ive got no plans to tell Ron anything about what 
might, or might not, have happened at Keeper 
tryouts. 

Good, said Harry fervently. Because hell just fall 
apart again, and well lose the next match   

Quidditch! said Hermione angrily. Is that all boys 
care about? Cormac hasnt asked me one single 
question about myself, no, Ive just been treated to A 
Hundred Great Saves Made by Cormac McLaggen 
nonstop ever since  oh no, here he comes! 

She moved so fast it was as though she had 
Disapparated; one moment she was there, the next, 
she had squeezed between two guffawing witches and 
vanished. 

Seen Hermione? asked McLaggen, forcing his way 
through the throng a minute later. 

No, sorry, said Harry, and he turned quickly to join 
in Lunas conversation, forgetting for a split second to 
whom she was talking. 

Harry Potter! said Professor Trelawney in deep, 
vibrant tones, noticing him for the first time. 



  357 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh, hello, said Harry unenthusiastically. 



My dear boy! she said in a very carrying whisper. 
The rumors! The stories! The Chosen One! Of 
course, I have known for a very long time. ... The 
omens were never good, Harry. . . . But why have you 
not returned to Divination? For you, of all people, the 
subject is of the utmost importance! 

Ah, Sybill, we all think our subjects most 
important! said a loud voice, and Slughorn appeared 
at Professor Trelawneys other side, his face very red, 
his velvet hat a little askew, a glass of mead in one 
hand and an enormous mince pie in the other. But I 
dont think Ive ever known such a natural at 
Potions! said Slughorn, regarding Harry with a fond, 
if bloodshot, eye. Instinctive, you know  like his 
mother! Ive only ever taught a few with this kind of 
ability, I can tell you that, Sybill  why even Severus 



And to Harrys horror, Slughorn threw out an arm 
and seemed to scoop Snape out of thin air toward 
them. 

Stop skulking and come and join us, Severus! 
hiccuped Slughorn happily. I was just talking about 
Harrys exceptional potionmaking! Some credit must 
go to you, of course, you taught him for five years! 

Trapped, with Slughorns arm around his shoulders, 
Snape looked down his hooked nose at Harry, his 
black eyes narrowed. 

Funny, I never had the impression that I managed to 
teach Potter anything at all. 

Well, then, its natural ability! shouted Slughorn. 
You should have seen what he gave me, first lesson, 

  358 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Draught of Living Death  never had a student 
produce finer on a first attempt, I dont think even 
you, Severus   

Really? said Snape quietly, his eyes still boring into 
Harry, who felt a certain disquiet. The last thing he 
wanted was for Snape to start investigating the 
source of his newfound brilliance at Potions. 

Remind me what other subjects youre taking, 

Harry? asked Slughorn. 

Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, 
Transfiguration, Herbology ... 

All the subjects required, in short, for an Auror, said 
Snape, with the faintest sneer. 

Yeah, well, thats what Id like to do, said Harry 
defiantly. 

And a great one youll make too! boomed Slughorn. 

I dont think you should be an Auror, Harry, said 
Luna unexpectedly. Everybody looked at her. The 
Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought 
everyone knew that. Theyre working to bring down 
the Ministry of Magic from within using a 
combination of Dark Magic and gum disease. 

Harry inhaled half his mead up his nose as he started 
to laugh. Really, it had been worth bringing Luna just 
for this. Emerging from his goblet, coughing, sopping 
wet but still grinning, he saw something calculated to 
raise his spirits even higher: Draco Malfoy being 
dragged by the ear toward them by Argus Filch. 

Professor Slughorn, wheezed Filch, his jowls aquiver 
and the maniacal light of mischiefdetection in his 

  359 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




bulging eyes, I discovered this boy lurking in an 
upstairs corridor. He claims to have been invited to 
your party and to have been delayed in setting out. 

Did you issue him with an invitation? 

Malfoy pulled himself free of Filch s grip, looking 
furious. 

All right, I wasnt invited! he said angrily. I was 
trying to gatecrash, happy? 

No, Im not! said Filch, a statement at complete odds 
with the glee on his face. Youre in trouble, you are! 
Didnt the headmaster say that nighttime prowlings 
out, unless youve got permission, didnt he, eh? 

Thats all right, Argus, thats all right, said 
Slughorn, waving a hand. Its Christmas, and its not 
a crime to want to come to a party. Just this once, 
well forget any punishment; you may stay, Draco. 

Filch s expression of outraged disappointment was 
perfectly predictable; but why, Harry wondered, 
watching him, did Malfoy look almost equally 
unhappy? And why was Snape looking at Malfoy as 
though both angry and . . . was it possible? ... a little 
afraid? 

But almost before Harry had registered what he had 
seen, Filch had turned and shuffled away, muttering 
under his breath; Malfoy had composed his face into 
a smile and was thanking Slughorn for his generosity, 
and Snapes face was smoothly inscrutable again. 

Its nothing, nothing, said Slughorn, waving away 
Malfoy s thanks. I did know your grandfather, after 
all. ... 



  360 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He always spoke very highly of you, sir, said Malfoy 
quickly. Said you were the best potionmaker hed 
ever known. ... 

Harry stared at Malfoy. It was not the suckingup that 
intrigued him; he had watched Malfoy do that to 
Snape for a long time. It was the fact that Malfoy did, 
after all, look a little ill. This was the first time he had 
seen Malfoy close up for ages; he now saw that Malfoy 
had dark shadows under his eyes and a distinctly 
grayish tinge to his skin. 

Id like a word with you, Draco, said Snape 
suddenly. 

Oh, now, Severus, said Slughorn, hiccuping again, 
its Christmas, dont be too hard   

Im his Head of House, and I shall decide how hard, 
or otherwise, to be, said Snape curtly. Follow me, 
Draco. 

They left, Snape leading the way, Malfoy looking 
resentful. Harry stood there for a moment, irresolute, 
then said, Ill be back in a bit, Luna  er  
bathroom. 

All right, she said cheerfully, and he thought he 
heard her, as he hurried off into the crowd, resume 
the subject of the Rotfang Conspiracy with Professor 
Trelawney, who seemed sincerely interested. 

It was easy, once out of the party, to pull his 
Invisibility Cloak out of his pocket and throw it over 
himself, for the corridor was quite deserted. What was 
more difficult was finding Snape and Malfoy. Harry 
ran down the corridor, the noise of his feet masked by 
the music and loud talk still issuing from Slughorn s 
office behind him. Perhaps Snape had taken Malfoy to 
  361 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




his office in the dungeons ... or perhaps he was 
escorting him back to the Slytherin common room. ... 
Harry pressed his ear against door after door as he 
dashed down the corridor until, with a great jolt of 
excitement, he crouched down to the keyhole of the 
last classroom in the corridor and heard voices. 

"... cannot afford mistakes, Draco, because if you are 
expelled   

I didnt have anything to do with it, all right? 

I hope you are telling the truth, because it was both 
clumsy and foolish. Already you are suspected of 
having a hand in it. 

Who suspects me? said Malfoy angrily. For the last 
time, I didnt do it, okay? That Bell girl mustve had 
an enemy no one knows about  dont look at me like 
that! I know what youre doing, Im not stupid, but it 
wont work  I can stop you! 

There was a pause and then Snape said quietly, Ah 
. . . Aunt Bellatrix has been teaching you Occlumency, 

I see. What thoughts are you trying to conceal from 
your master, Draco? 

Im not trying to conceal anything from him, I just 
dont want you butting in! 

Harry pressed his ear still more closely against the 
keyhole. ... What had happened to make Malfoy speak 
to Snape like this  Snape, toward whom he had 
always shown respect, even liking? 

So that is why you have been avoiding me this term? 
You have feared my interference? You realize that, 
had anybody else failed to come to my office when I 
had told them repeatedly to be there, Draco   

  362 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




So put me in detention! Report me to Dumbledore! 
jeered Malfoy. 

There was another pause. Then Snape said, You 
know perfectly well that I do not wish to do either of 
those things. 

Youd better stop telling me to come to your office 
then! 

Listen to me, said Snape, his voice so low now that 
Harry had to push his ear very hard against the 
keyhole to hear. I am trying to help you. I swore to 
your mother I would protect you. I made the 
Unbreakable Vow, Draco   

Looks like you 11 have to break it, then, because I 
dont need your protection! Its my job, he gave it to 
me and Im doing it, Ive got a plan and its going to 
work, its just taking a bit longer than I thought it 
would! 

What is your plan? 

Its none of your business! 

If you tell me what you are trying to do, I can assist 
you   

Ive got all the assistance I need, thanks, Im not 
alone! 

You were certainly alone tonight, which was foolish 
in the extreme, wandering the corridors without 
lookouts or backup, these are elementary mistakes  



I wouldve had Crabbe and Goyle with me if you 
hadnt put them in detention! 

  363 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Keep your voice down! spat Snape, for Malfoys voice 
had risen excitedly. If your friends Crabbe and Goyle 
intend to pass their Defense Against the Dark Arts 
O.W.L. this time around, they will need to work a 
little harder than they are doing at pres   

What does it matter? said Malfoy. Defense Against 
the Dark Arts  its all just a joke, isnt it, an act? 
Like any of us need protecting against the Dark Arts 



It is an act that is crucial to success, Draco! said 
Snape. Where do you think I would have been all 
these years, if I had not known how to act? Now listen 
to me! You are being incautious, wandering around at 
night, getting yourself caught, and if you are placing 
your reliance in assistants like Crabbe and Goyle   

Theyre not the only ones, Ive got other people on my 
side, better people! 

Then why not confide in me, and I can   

I know what youre up to! You want to steal my 
glory! 

There was another pause, then Snape said coldly, 
You are speaking like a child. I quite understand 
that your fathers capture and imprisonment has 
upset you, but   

Harry had barely a seconds warning; he heard 
Malfoys footsteps on the other side of the door and 
flung himself out of the way just as it burst open; 
Malfoy was striding away down the corridor, past the 
open door of Slughorns office, around the distant 
corner, and out of sight. 



  364 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hardly daring to breathe, Harry remained crouched 
down as Snape emerged slowly from the classroom. 
His expression unfathomable, he returned to the 
party. Harry remained on the floor, hidden beneath 
the cloak, his mind racing. 



  365 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






A VERY FROSTY CHRISTMAS 

So Snape was offering to help him? He was definitely 
offering to help him? 

If you ask that once more, said Harry, Im going to 
stick this sprout   

Im only checking! said Ron. They were standing 
alone at the Burrows kitchen sink, peeling a 
mountain of sprouts for Mrs. Weasley. Snow was 
drifting past the window in front of them. 

Yes, Snape was offering to help himl said Harry. He 
said hed promised Malfoys mother to protect him, 
that hed made an Unbreakable Oath or something  



An Unbreakable Vow? said Ron, looking stunned. 
Nah, he cant have. ... Are you sure? 

Yes, Im sure, said Harry. Why, what does it 
mean? 



  366 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Well, you cant break an Unbreakable Vow. ... 

Id worked that much out for myself, funnily enough. 
What happens if you break it, then? 

You die, said Ron simply. Fred and George tried to 
get me to make one when I was about five. I nearly 
did too, I was holding hands with Fred and everything 
when Dad found us. He went mental, said Ron, with 
a reminiscent gleam in his eyes. Only time Ive ever 
seen Dad as angry as Mum. Fred reckons his left 
buttock has never been the same since. 

Yeah, well, passing over Freds left buttock   

I beg your pardon? said Freds voice as the twins 
entered the kitchen. 

Aaah, George, look at this. Theyre using knives and 
everything. Bless them. 

Ill be seventeen in two and a bit months time, said 
Ron grumpily, and then Ill be able to do it by magic! 

But meanwhile, said George, sitting down at the 
kitchen table and putting his feet up on it, we can 
enjoy watching you demonstrate the correct use of a 
 whoopsadaisy! 

You made me do that! said Ron angrily, sucking his 
cut thumb. You wait, when Im seventeen   

Im sure youll dazzle us all with hitherto 
unsuspected magical skills, yawned Fred. 

And speaking of hitherto unsuspected skills, 

Ronald, said George, what is this we hear from 
Ginny about you and a young lady called  unless 
our information is faulty  Lavender Brown? 

  367 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron turned a little pink, but did not look displeased 
as he turned back to the sprouts. Mind your own 
business. 

What a snappy retort, said Fred. I really dont know 
how you think of them. No, what we wanted to know 
was . . . how did it happen? 

What dyou mean? 

Did she have an accident or something? 

What? 

Well, how did she sustain such extensive brain 
damage? Careful, now! 

Mrs. Weasley entered the room just in time to see Ron 
throw the sprout knife at Fred, who had turned it into 
a paper airplane with one lazy flick of his wand. 

Ronl she said furiously. Dont you ever let me see 
you throwing knives again! 

I wont, said Ron, let you see, he added under his 
breath, as he turned back to the sprout mountain. 

Fred, George, Im sorry, dears, but Remus is arriving 
tonight, so Bill will have to squeeze in with you two. 

No problem, said George. 

Then, as Charlie isnt coming home, that just leaves 
Harry and Ron in the attic, and if Fleur shares with 
Ginny   

  thatll make Ginnys Christmas   muttered Fred. 



  368 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




  everyone should be comfortable. Well, theyll have 
a bed, anyway, said Mrs. Weasley, sounding slightly 
harassed. 



Percy definitely not showing his ugly face, then? 
asked Fred. 

Mrs. Weasley turned away before she answered. No, 
hes busy, I expect, at the Ministry. 

Or hes the worlds biggest prat, said Fred, as Mrs. 
Weasley left the kitchen. One of the two. Well, lets 
get going, then, George. 

What are you two up to? asked Ron. Cant you help 
us with these sprouts? You could just use your wand 
and then well be free too! 

No, I dont think we can do that, said Fred seriously. 
Its very characterbuilding stuff, learning to peel 
sprouts without magic, makes you appreciate how 
difficult it is for Muggles and Squibs   

  and if you want people to help you, Ron, added 
George, throwing the paper airplane at him, I 
wouldnt chuck knives at them. Just a little hint. 
Were off to the village, theres a very pretty girl 
working in the paper shop who thinks my card tricks 
are something marvelous ... almost like real magic. 



Gits, said Ron darkly, watching Fred and George 
setting off across the snowy yard. Wouldve only 
taken them ten seconds and then we couldve gone 
too. 

I couldnt, said Harry. I promised Dumbledore I 
wouldnt wander off while Im staying here. 

  369 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh yeah, said Ron. He peeled a few more sprouts 
and then said, Are you going to tell Dumbledore what 
you heard Snape and Malfoy saying to each other? 

Yep, said Harry. Im going to tell anyone who can 
put a stop to it, and Dumbledores top of the list. I 
might have another word with your dad too. 

Pity you didnt hear what Malfoys actually doing, 
though. 

I couldnt have done, could I? That was the whole 
point, he was refusing to tell Snape. 

There was silence for a moment or two, then Ron 
said,  Course, you know what theyll all say? Dad 
and Dumbledore and all of them? Theyll say Snape 
isnt really trying to help Malfoy, he was just trying to 
find out what Malfoys up to. 

They didnt hear him, said Harry flatly. No ones 
that good an actor, not even Snape. 

Yeah ... Im just saying, though, said Ron. 

Harry turned to face him, frowning. You think Im 
right, though? 

Yeah, I do! said Ron hastily. Seriously, I do! But 
theyre all convinced Snapes in the Order, arent 
they? 

Harry said nothing. It had already occurred to him 
that this would be the most likely objection to his new 
evidence; he could hear Hermione now: Obviously, 
Harry, he was pretending to offer help so he could trick 
Malfoy into telling him what hes doing. ... 



  370 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




This was pure imagination, however, as he had had 
no opportunity to tell Hermione what he had 
overheard. She had disappeared from Slughorns 
parry before he returned to it, or so he had been 
informed by an irate McLaggen, and she had already 
gone to bed by the time he returned to the common 
room. As he and Ron had left for the Burrow early the 
next day, he had barely had time to wish her a happy 
Christmas and to tell her that he had some very 
important news when they got back from the 
holidays. He was not entirely sure that she had heard 
him, though; Ron and Lavender had been saying a 
thoroughly nonverbal goodbye just behind him at the 
time. 

Still, even Hermione would not be able to deny one 
thing: Malfoy was definitely up to something, and 
Snape knew it, so Harry felt fully justified in saying I 
told you so, which he had done several times to Ron 
already. 

Harry did not get the chance to speak to Mr. Weasley, 
who was working very long hours at the Ministry, 
until Christmas Eve night. The Weasleys and their 
guests were sitting in the living room, which Ginny 
had decorated so lavishly that it was rather like 
sitting in a paperchain explosion. Fred, George, 

Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the 
angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome 
that had bitten Fred on the ankle as he pulled up 
carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, 
stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings 
glued to its back, it glowered down at them all, the 
ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald 
head like a potato and rather hairy feet. 

They were all supposed to be listening to a Christmas 
broadcast by Mrs. Weasleys favorite singer, Celestina 
Warbeck, whose voice was warbling out of the large 

  371 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




wooden wireless set. Fleur, who seemed to find 
Celestina very dull, was talking so loudly in the 
corner that a scowling Mrs. Weasley kept pointing her 
wand at the volume control, so that Celestina grew 
louder and louder. Under cover of a particularly jazzy 
number called A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love, 
Fred and George started a game of Exploding Snap 
with Ginny. Ron kept shooting Bill and Fleur covert 
looks, as though hoping to pick up tips. Meanwhile, 
Remus Lupin, who was thinner and more ragged 
looking than ever, was sitting beside the fire, staring 
into its depths as though he could not hear 
Celestinas voice. 

Oh, come and stir my cauldron, 

And if you do it right, 

Ill boil you up some hot strong love 
To keep you warm tonight. 

We danced to this when we were eighteen! said Mrs. 
Weasley, wiping her eyes on her knitting. Do you 
remember, Arthur? 

Mphf? said Mr. Weasley, whose head had been 
nodding over the satsuma he was peeling. Oh yes . . . 
marvelous tune ... 

With an effort, he sat up a little straighter and looked 
around at Harry, who was sitting next to him. 

Sorry about this, he said, jerking his head toward 
the wireless as Celestina broke into the chorus. Be 
over soon. 

No problem, said Harry, grinning. Has it been busy 
at the Ministry? 

Very, said Mr. Weasley. I wouldnt mind if we were 
getting anywhere, but of the three arrests weve made 

  372 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




in the last couple of months, I doubt that one of them 
is a genuine Death Eater  only dont repeat that, 
Harry, he added quickly, looking much more awake 
all of a sudden. 

Theyre not still holding Stan Shunpike, are they? 
asked Harry. 

Im afraid so, said Mr. Weasley. I know 
Dumbledores tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour 
about Stan. ... I mean, anybody who has actually 
interviewed him agrees that hes about as much a 
Death Eater as this satsuma . . . but the top levels 
want to look as though theyre making some progress, 
and three arrests sounds better than three mistaken 
arrests and releases... but again, this is all top 
secret. ... 

I wont say anything, said Harry. He hesitated for a 
moment, wondering how best to embark on what he 
wanted to say; as he marshaled his thoughts, 
Celestina Warbeck began a ballad called You 
Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me. 

Mr. Weasley, you know what I told you at the station 
when we were setting off for school? 

I checked, Harry, said Mr. Weasley at once. I went 
and searched the Malfoys house. There was nothing, 
either broken or whole, that shouldnt have been 
there. 

Yeah, I know, I saw in the Prophet that youd looked 
... but this is something different. ... Well, something 
more ... 

And he told Mr. Weasley everything he had overheard 
between Malfoy and Snape. As Harry spoke, he saw 
Lupins head turn a little toward him, taking in every 

  373 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




word. When he had finished, there was silence, except 
for Celestinas crooning. 

Oh, my poor heart, where has it gone? 

Its left me for a spell . . . 

Has it occurred to you, Harry, said Mr. Weasley, 
that Snape was simply pretending  ? 

Pretending to offer help, so that he could find out 
what Malfoys up to? said Harry quickly. Yeah, I 
thought youd say that. But how do we know? 

It isnt our business to know, said Lupin 
unexpectedly. He had turned his back on the fire now 
and faced Harry across Mr. Weasley. Its 
Dumbledores business. Dumbledore trusts Severus, 
and that ought to be good enough for all of us. 

But, said Harry, just say  just say Dumbledores 
wrong about Snape   

People have said it, many times. It comes down to 
whether or not you trust Dumbledores judgment. I 
do; therefore, I trust Severus. 

But Dumbledore can make mistakes, argued Harry. 
He says it himself. And you  he looked Lupin 
straight in the eye  do you honestly like Snape? 

I neither like nor dislike Severus, said Lupin. No, 
Harry, I am speaking the truth, he added, as Harry 
pulled a skeptical expression. We shall never be 
bosom friends, perhaps; after all that happened 
between James and Sirius and Severus, there is too 
much bitterness there. But I do not forget that during 
the year I taught at Hogwarts, Severus made the 
Wolfsbane Potion for me every month, made it 
  374 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




perfectly, so that I did not have to suffer as I usually 
do at the full moon. 

But he accidentally let it slip that youre a werewolf, 
so you had to leave! said Harry angrily. 

Lupin shrugged. The news would have leaked out 
anyway. We both know he wanted my job, but he 
could have wreaked much worse damage on me by 
tampering with the potion. He kept me healthy. I 
must be grateful. 

Maybe he didnt dare mess with the potion with 
Dumbledore watching him! said Harry. 

You are determined to hate him, Harry, said Lupin 
with a faint smile. And I understand; with James as 
your father, with Sirius as your godfather, you have 
inherited an old prejudice. By all means tell 
Dumbledore what you have told Arthur and me, but 
do not expect him to share your view of the matter; do 
not even expect him to be surprised by what you tell 
him. It might have been on Dumbledores orders that 
Severus questioned Draco. 

... and now youve torn it quite apart 

Ill thank you to give back my heart! 

Celestina ended her song on a very long, highpitched 
note and loud applause issued out of the wireless, 
which Mrs. Weasley joined in with enthusiastically. 

Eez eet over? said Fleur loudly. Thank goodness, 
what an orrible   

Shall we have a nightcap, then? asked Mr. Weasley 
loudly, leaping to his feet. Who wants eggnog? 



  375 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What have you been up to lately? Harry asked 
Lupin, as Mr. Weasley bustled off to fetch the eggnog, 
and everybody else stretched and broke into 
conversation. 

Oh, Ive been underground, said Lupin. Almost 
literally. Thats why I havent been able to write, 

Harry; sending letters to you would have been 
something of a giveaway. 

What do you mean? 

Ive been living among my fellows, my equals, said 
Lupin. Werewolves, he added, at Harrys look of 
incomprehension. Nearly all of them are on 
Voldemorts side. Dumbledore wanted a spy and here 
I was ... readymade. 

He sounded a little bitter, and perhaps realized it, for 
he smiled more warmly as he went on, I am not 
complaining; it is necessary work and who can do it 
better than I? However, it has been difficult gaining 
their trust. I bear the unmistakable signs of having 
tried to live among wizards, you see, whereas they 
have shunned normal society and live on the margins, 
stealing  and sometimes killing  to eat. 

How come they like Voldemort? 

They think that, under his rule, they will have a 
better life, said Lupin. And it is hard to argue with 
Grey back out there. ... 

Whos Grey back? 

You havent heard of him? Lupins hands closed 
convulsively in his lap. Fenrir Greyback is, perhaps, 
the most savage werewolf alive today. He regards it as 
his mission in life to bite and to contaminate as many 

  376 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




people as possible; he wants to create enough 
werewolves to overcome the wizards. Voldemort has 
promised him prey in return for his services. 

Greyback specializes in children. ... Bite them young, 
he says, and raise them away from their parents, 
raise them to hate normal wizards. Voldemort has 
threatened to unleash him upon peoples sons and 
daughters; it is a threat that usually produces good 
results. 

Lupin paused and then said, It was Greyback who 
bit me. 

What? said Harry, astonished. When  when you 
were a kid, you mean? 

Yes. My father had offended him. I did not know, for 
a very long time, the identity of the werewolf who had 
attacked me; I even felt pity for him, thinking that he 
had had no control, knowing by then how it felt to 
transform. But Greyback is not like that. At the full 
moon, he positions himself close to victims, ensuring 
that he is near enough to strike. He plans it all. And 
this is the man Voldemort is using to marshal the 
werewolves. I cannot pretend that my particular 
brand of reasoned argument is making much 
headway against Greybacks insistence that we 
werewolves deserve blood, that we ought to revenge 
ourselves on normal people. 

But you are normal! said Harry fiercely. Youve just 
got a  a problem   

Lupin burst out laughing. Sometimes you remind me 
a lot of James. He called it my furry little problem in 
company. Many people were under the impression 
that I owned a badly behaved rabbit. 



  377 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He accepted a glass of eggnog from Mr. Weasley with 
a word of thanks, looking slightly more cheerful. 
Harry, meanwhile, felt a rush of excitement: This last 
mention of his father had reminded him that there 
was something he had been looking forward to asking 
Lupin. 

Have you ever heard of someone called the Half 
Blood Prince? 

The HalfBlood what? 

Prince, said Harry, watching him closely for signs of 
recognition. 

There are no Wizarding princes, said Lupin, now 
smiling. Is this a title youre thinking of adopting? I 
should have thought being the Chosen One would be 
enough. 

Its nothing to do with me! said Harry indignantly. 
The HalfBlood Prince is someone who used to go to 
Hogwarts, Ive got his old Potions book. He wrote 
spells all over it, spells he invented. One of them was 
Levicorpus   

Oh, that one had a great vogue during my time at 
Hogwarts, said Lupin reminiscently. There were a 
few months in my fifth year when you couldnt move 
for being hoisted into the air by your ankle. 

My dad used it, said Harry. I saw him in the 
Pensieve, he used it on Snape. 

He tried to sound casual, as though this was a 
throwaway comment of no real importance, but he 
was not sure he had achieved the right effect; Lupins 
smile was a little too understanding. 



  378 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yes, he said, but he wasnt the only one. As I say, it 
was very popular. ... You know how these spells come 
and go. ... 

But it sounds like it was invented while you were at 
school, Harry persisted. 

Not necessarily, said Lupin. Jinxes go in and out of 
fashion like everything else. 

He looked into Harrys face and then said quietly, 
James was a pureblood, Harry, and I promise you, 
he never asked us to call him Prince.  

Abandoning pretense, Harry said, And it wasnt 
Sirius? Or you? 

Definitely not. 

Oh. Harry stared into the fire. I just thought  
well, hes helped me out a lot in Potions classes, the 
Prince has. 

How old is this book, Harry? 

I dunno, Ive never checked. 

Well, perhaps that will give you some clue as to when 
the Prince was at Hogwarts, said Lupin. 

Shortly after this, Fleur decided to imitate Celestina 
singing A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love, which 
was taken by everyone, once they had glimpsed Mrs. 
Weasleys expression, to be the cue to go to bed. 

Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Rons attic 
bedroom, where a camp bed had been added for 
Harry. 



  379 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron fell asleep almost immediately, but Harry delved 
into his trunk and pulled out his copy of Advanced 
PotionMaking before getting into bed. There he turned 
its s, searching, until he finally found, at the 
front of the book, the date that it had been published. 
It was nearly fifty years old. Neither his father, nor his 
fathers friends, had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago. 
Feeling disappointed, Harry threw the book back into 
his trunk, turned off the lamp, and rolled over, 
thinking of werewolves and Snape, Stan Shunpike 
and the HalfBlood Prince, and finally falling into an 
uneasy sleep full of creeping shadows and the cries of 
bitten children. ... 

Shes got to be joking. ... 

Harry woke with a start to find a bulging stocking 
lying over the end of his bed. He put on his glasses 
and looked around; the tiny window was almost 
completely obscured with snow and, in front of it, Ron 
was sitting bolt upright in bed and examining what 
appeared to be a thick gold chain. 

Whats that? asked Harry. 

Its from Lavender, said Ron, sounding revolted. 

She cant honestly think Id wear ... 

Harry looked more closely and let out a shout of 
laughter. Dangling from the chain in large gold letters 
were the words: 

My Sweetheart 

Nice, he said. Classy. You should definitely wear it 
in front of Fred and George. 



  380 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




If you tell them, said Ron, shoving the necklace out 
of sight under his pillow, I  I  111   

Stutter at me? said Harry, grinning. Come on, 
would I? 

How could she think Id like something like that, 
though? Ron demanded of thin air, looking rather 
shocked. 

Well, think back, said Harry. Have you ever let it 
slip that youd like to go out in public with the words 
My Sweetheart round your neck? 

Well ... we dont really talk much, said Ron. Its 
mainly ... 

Snogging, said Harry. 

Well, yeah, said Ron. He hesitated a moment, then 
said, Is Hermione really going out with McLaggen? 

I dunno, said Harry. They were at Slughorns party 
together, but I dont think it went that well. 

Ron looked slightly more cheerful as he delved deeper 
into his stocking. 

Harrys presents included a sweater with a large 
Golden Snitch worked onto the front, handknitted by 
Mrs. Weasley, a large box of Weasleys Wizard 
Wheezes products from the twins, and a slightly 
damp, moldysmelling package that came with a label 
reading TO MASTER, FROM KREACHER. 

Harry stared at it. Dyou reckon this is safe to open? 
he asked. 



  381 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Cant be anything dangerous, all our mails still 
being searched at the Ministry, replied Ron, though 
he was eyeing the parcel suspiciously. 

I didnt think of giving Kreacher anything. Do people 
usually give their houseelves Christmas presents? 
asked Harry, prodding the parcel cautiously. 

Hermione would, said Ron. But lets wait and see 
what it is before you start feeling guilty. 

A moment later, Harry had given a loud yell and leapt 
out of his camp bed; the package contained a large 
number of maggots. 

Nice, said Ron, roaring with laughter. Very 
thoughtful. 

Id rather have them than that necklace, said Harry, 
which sobered Ron up at once. 

Everybody was wearing new sweaters when they all 
sat down for Christmas lunch, everyone except Fleur 
(on whom, it appeared, Mrs. Weasley had not wanted 
to waste one) and Mrs. Weasley herself, who was 
sporting a brandnew midnight blue witchs hat 
glittering with what looked like tiny starlike 
diamonds, and a spectacular golden necklace. 

Fred and George gave them to me! Arent they 
beautiful? 

Well, we find we appreciate you more and more, 
Mum, now were washing our own socks, said 
George, waving an airy hand. Parsnips, Remus? 

Harry, youve got a maggot in your hair, said Ginny 
cheerfully, leaning across the table to pick it out; 



  382 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry felt goose bumps erupt up his neck that had 
nothing to do with the maggot. 

 Ow orrible, said Fleur, with an affected little 
shudder. 

Yes, isnt it? said Ron. Gravy, Fleur? 

In his eagerness to help her, he knocked the gravy 
boat flying; Bill waved his wand and the gravy soared 
up in the air and returned meekly to the boat. 

You are as bad as zat Tonks, said Fleur to Ron, 
when she had finished kissing Bill in thanks. She is 
always knocking   

I invited dear Tonks to come along today, said Mrs. 
Weasley, setting down the carrots with unnecessary 
force and glaring at Fleur. But she wouldnt come. 
Have you spoken to her lately, Remus? 

No, I havent been in contact with anybody very 
much, said Lupin. But Tonks has got her own 
family to go to, hasnt she? 

Hmmm, said Mrs. Weasley. Maybe. I got the 
impression she was planning to spend Christmas 
alone, actually. 

She gave Lupin an annoyed look, as though it was all 
his fault she was getting Fleur for a daughterinlaw 
instead of Tonks, but Harry, glancing across at Fleur, 
who was now feeding Bill bits of turkey off her own 
fork, thought that Mrs. Weasley was fighting a long 
lost battle. He was, however, reminded of a question 
he had with regard to Tonks, and who better to ask 
than Lupin, the man who knew all about Patronuses? 



  383 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tonkss Patronus has changed its form, he told him. 
Snape said so anyway. I didnt know that could 
happen. Why would your Patronus change? 

Lupin took his time chewing his turkey and 
swallowing before saying slowly, Sometimes ... a 
great shock ... an emotional upheaval ... 

It looked big, and it had four legs, said Harry, 
struck by a sudden thought and lowering his voice. 
Hey ... it couldnt be  ? 

Arthur! said Mrs. Weasley suddenly. She had risen 
from her chair; her hand was pressed over her heart 
and she was staring out of the kitchen window. 
Arthur  its Percy! 

What? 

Mr. Weasley looked around. Everybody looked quickly 
at the window; Ginny stood up for a better look. 

There, sure enough, was Percy Weasley, striding 
across the snowy yard, his hornrimmed glasses 
glinting in the sunlight. He was not, however, alone. 

Arthur, hes  hes with the Minister! 

And sure enough, the man Harry had seen in the 
Daily Prophet was following along in Percys wake, 
limping slightly, his mane of graying hair and his 
black cloak flecked with snow. Before any of them 
could say anything, before Mr. and Mrs. Weasley 
could do more than exchange stunned looks, the back 
door opened and there stood Percy. 

There was a moments painful silence. Then Percy 
said rather stiffly, Merry Christmas, Mother. 



  384 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh, Percy\ said Mrs. Weasley, and she threw herself 
into his arms. 



Rufus Scrimgeour paused in the doorway, leaning on 
his walking stick and smiling as he observed this 
affecting scene. 

You must forgive this intrusion, he said, when Mrs. 
Weasley looked around at him, beaming and wiping 
her eyes. Percy and I were in the vicinity  working, 
you know  and he couldnt resist dropping in and 
seeing you all. 

But Percy showed no sign of wanting to greet any of 
the rest of the family. He stood, pokerstraight and 
awkwardlooking, and stared over everybody elses 
heads. Mr. Weasley, Fred, and George were all 
observing him, stonyfaced. 

Please, come in, sit down, Minister! fluttered Mrs. 
Weasley, straightening her hat. Have a little purkey, 
or some tooding. ... I mean   

No, no, my dear Molly, said Scrimgeour. Harry 
guessed that he had checked her name with Percy 
before they entered the house. I dont want to 
intrude, wouldnt be here at all if Percy hadnt wanted 
to see you all so badly. ... 

Oh, Perce! said Mrs. Weasley tearfully, reaching up 
to kiss him. 

"... Weve only looked in for five minutes, so Ill have a 
stroll around the yard while you catch up with Percy. 
No, no, I assure you I dont want to butt in! Well, if 
anybody cared to show me your charming garden . . . 
Ah, that young mans finished, why doesnt he take a 
stroll with me? 

  385 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The atmosphere around the table changed 
perceptibly. Everybody looked from Scrimgeour to 
Harry. Nobody seemed to find Scrimgeour s pretense 
that he did not know Harrys name convincing, or find 
it natural that he should be chosen to accompany the 
Minister around the garden when Ginny, Fleur, and 
George also had clean plates. 

Yeah, all right, said Harry into the silence. 

He was not fooled; for all Scrimgeours talk that they 
had just been in the area, that Percy wanted to look 
up his family, this must be the real reason that they 
had come, so that Scrimgeour could speak to Harry 
alone. 

Its fine, he said quietly, as he passed Lupin, who 
had half risen from his chair. Fine, he added, as Mr. 
Weasley opened his mouth to speak. 

Wonderful! said Scrimgeour, standing back to let 
Harry pass through the door ahead of him. Well just 
take a turn around the garden, and Percy and Ill be 
off. Carry on, everyone! 

Harry walked across the yard toward the Weasleys 
overgrown, snowcovered garden, Scrimgeour limping 
slightly at his side. He had, Harry knew, been Head of 
the Auror office; he looked tough and battlescarred, 
very different from portly Fudge in his bowler hat. 

Charming, said Scrimgeour, stopping at the garden 
fence and looking out over the snowy lawn and the 
indistinguishable plants. Charming. 

Harry said nothing. He could tell that Scrimgeour was 
watching him. 



  386 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ive wanted to meet you for a very long time, said 
Scrimgeour, after a few moments. Did you know 
that? 

No, said Harry truthfully. 

Oh yes, for a very long time. But Dumbledore has 
been very protective of you, said Scrimgeour. 
Natural, of course, natural, after what youve been 
through. ... Especially what happened at the Ministry 



He waited for Harry to say something, but Harry did 
not oblige, so he went on, I have been hoping for an 
occasion to talk to you ever since I gained office, but 
Dumbledore has  most understandably, as I say  
prevented this. 

Still, Harry said nothing, waiting. 

The rumors that have flown around! said 
Scrimgeour. Well, of course, we both know how these 
stories get distorted ... all these whispers of a 
prophecy ... of you being the Chosen One... 

They were getting near it now, Harry thought, the 
reason Scrimgeour was here. 

"... I assume that Dumbledore has discussed these 
matters with you? 

Harry deliberated, wondering whether he ought to lie 
or not. He looked at the little gnome prints all around 
the flowerbeds, and the scuffedup patch that marked 
the spot where Fred had caught the gnome now 
wearing the tutu at the top of the Christmas tree. 
Finally, he decided on the truth ... or a bit of it. 

Yeah, weve discussed it. 

  387 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Have you, have you ... said Scrimgeour. Harry could 
see, out of the corner of his eye, Scrimgeour squinting 
at him, so he pretended to be very interested in a 
gnome that had just poked its head out from 
underneath a frozen rhododendron. And what has 
Dumbledore told you, Harry? 

Sorry, but thats between us, said Harry. He kept 
his voice as pleasant as he could, and Scrimgeours 
tone, too, was light and friendly as he said, Oh, of 
course, if its a question of confidences, I wouldnt 
want you to divulge ... no, no ... and in any case, does 
it really matter whether you are the Chosen One or 
not?  

Harry had to mull that one over for a few seconds 
before responding. I dont really know what you 
mean, Minister. 

Well, of course, to you it will matter enormously, 
said Scrimgeour with a laugh. But to the Wizarding 
community at large ... its all perception, isnt it? Its 
what people believe thats important. 

Harry said nothing. He thought he saw, dimly, where 
they were heading, but he was not going to help 
Scrimgeour get there. The gnome under the 
rhododendron was now digging for worms at its roots, 
and Harry kept his eyes fixed upon it. 

People believe you are the Chosen One, you see, 
said Scrimgeour. They think you quite the hero  
which, of course, you are, Harry, chosen or not! How 
many times have you faced HeWhoMustNotBe 
Named now? Well, anyway, he pressed on, without 
waiting for a reply, the point is, you are a symbol of 
hope for many, Harry. The idea that there is 
somebody out there who might be able, who might 
even be destined, to destroy HeWhoMustNotBe 
  388 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Named  well, naturally, it gives people a lift. And I 
cant help but feel that, once you realize this, you 
might consider it, well, almost a duty, to stand 
alongside the Ministry, and give everyone a boost. 

The gnome had just managed to get hold of a worm. It 
was now tugging very hard on it, trying to get it out of 
the frozen ground. Harry was silent so long that 
Scrimgeour said, looking from Harry to the gnome, 
Funny little chaps, arent they? But what say you, 
Harry? 

I dont exactly understand what you want, said 
Harry slowly.  Stand alongside the Ministry ... What 
does that mean? 

Oh, well, nothing at all onerous, I assure you, said 
Scrimgeour. If you were to be seen popping in and 
out of the Ministry from time to time, for instance, 
that would give the right impression. And of course, 
while you were there, you would have ample 
opportunity to speak to Gawain Robards, my 
successor as Head of the Auror office. Dolores 
Umbridge has told me that you cherish an ambition 
to become an Auror. Well, that could be arranged very 
easily. ... 

Harry felt anger bubbling in the pit of his stomach: So 
Dolores Umbridge was still at the Ministry, was she? 

So basically, he said, as though he just wanted to 
clarify a few points, youd like to give the impression 
that Im working for the Ministry? 

It would give everyone a lift to think you were more 
involved, Harry, said Scrimgeour, sounding relieved 
that Harry had cottoned on so quickly.  The Chosen 
One, you know ... Its all about giving people hope, 
the feeling that exciting things are happening. ... 
  389 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But if I keep running in and out of the Ministry, 
said Harry, still endeavoring to keep his voice friendly, 
wont that seem as though I approve of what the 
Ministrys up to? 

Well, said Scrimgeour, frowning slightly, well, yes, 
thats partly why wed like   

No, I dont think thatll work, said Harry pleasantly. 
You see, I dont like some of the things the Ministrys 
doing. Locking up Stan Shunpike, for instance. 

Scrimgeour did not speak for a moment but his 
expression hardened instantly. I would not expect 
you to understand, he said, and he was not as 
successful at keeping anger out of his voice as Harry 
had been. These are dangerous times, and certain 
measures need to be taken. You are sixteen years old 



Dumbledores a lot older than sixteen, and he doesnt 
think Stan should be in Azkaban either, said Harry. 
Youre making Stan a scapegoat, just like you want 
to make me a mascot. 

They looked at each other, long and hard. Finally 
Scrimgeour said, with no pretense at warmth, I see. 
You prefer  like your hero, Dumbledore  to 
disassociate yourself from the Ministry? 

I dont want to be used, said Harry. 

Some would say its your duty to be used by the 
Ministry! 

Yeah, and others might say its your duty to check 
that people really are Death Eaters before you chuck 
them in prison, said Harry, his temper rising now. 
Youre doing what Barty Crouch did. You never get it 

  390 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




right, you people, do you? Either weve got Fudge, 
pretending everythings lovely while people get 
murdered right under his nose, or weve got you, 
chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to 
pretend youve got the Chosen One working for you! 

So youre not the Chosen One? said Scrimgeour. 

I thought you said it didnt matter either way? said 
Harry, with a bitter laugh. Not to you anyway. 

I shouldnt have said that, said Scrimgeour quickly. 
It was tactless   

No, it was honest, said Harry. One of the only 
honest things youve said to me. You dont care 
whether I live or die, but you do care that I help you 
convince everyone youre winning the war against 
Voldemort. I havent forgotten, Minister. ... 

He raised his right fist. There, shining white on the 
back of his cold hand, were the scars which Dolores 
Umbridge had forced him to carve into his own flesh: / 
must not tell lies. 

I dont remember you rushing to my defense when I 
was trying to tell everyone Voldemort was back. The 
Ministry wasnt so keen to be pals last year. 

They stood in silence as icy as the ground beneath 
their feet. The gnome had finally managed to extricate 
his worm and was now sucking on it happily, leaning 
against the bottommost branches of the 
rhododendron bush. 

What is Dumbledore up to? said Scrimgeour 
brusquely. Where does he go when he is absent from 
Hogwarts? 



  391 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No idea, said Harry. 

And you wouldnt tell me if you knew, said 
Scrimgeour, would you? 

No, I wouldnt, said Harry. 

Well, then, I shall have to see whether I cant find out 
by other means. 

You can try, said Harry indifferently. But you seem 
cleverer than Fudge, so Id have thought youd have 
learned from his mistakes. He tried interfering at 
Hogwarts. You might have noticed hes not Minister 
anymore, but Dumbledores still headmaster. Id leave 
Dumbledore alone, if I were you. 

There was a long pause. 

Well, it is clear to me that he has done a very good 
job on you, said Scrimgeour, his eyes cold and hard 
behind his wirerimmed glasses. Dumbledores man 
through and through, arent you, Potter? 

Yeah, I am, said Harry. Glad we straightened that 
out. 

And turning his back on the Minister of Magic, he 
strode back toward the house. 



  392 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






A SLUGGISH MEMORY 

Late in the afternoon, a few days after New Year, 
Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up beside the kitchen 
fire to return to Hogwarts. The Ministry had arranged 
this oneoff connection to the Floo Network to return 
students quickly and safely to the school. Only Mrs. 
Weasley was there to say goodbye, as Mr. Weasley, 
Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. Mrs. 
Weasley dissolved into tears at the moment of parting. 
Admittedly, it took very little to set her off lately; she 
had been crying on and off ever since Percy had 
stormed from the house on Christmas Day with his 
glasses splattered with mashed parsnip (for which 
Fred, George, and Ginny all claimed credit). 

Dont cry, Mum, said Ginny, patting her on the back 
as Mrs. Weasley sobbed into her shoulder. Its okay. 



Yeah, dont worry about us, said Ron, permitting his 
mother to plant a very wet kiss on his cheek, or 



  393 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



about Percy. Hes such a prat, its not really a loss, is 
it? 



Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever as she 
enfolded Harry in her arms. 

Promise me youll look after yourself. ... Stay out of 
trouble. ... 

I always do, Mrs. Weasley, said Harry. I like a quiet 
life, you know me. 

She gave a watery chuckle and stood back. Be good, 
then, all of you. ... 

Harry stepped into the emerald fire and shouted 
Hogwarts! He had one last fleeting view of the 
Weasleys kitchen and Mrs. Weasleys tearful face 
before the flames engulfed him; spinning very fast, he 
caught blurred glimpses of other Wizarding rooms, 
which were whipped out of sight before he could get a 
proper look; then he was slowing down, finally 
stopping squarely in the fireplace in Professor 
McGonagalls office. She barely glanced up from her 
work as he clambered out over the grate. 

Evening, Potter. Try not to get too much ash on the 
carpet. 

No, Professor. 

Harry straightened his glasses and flattened his hair 
as Ron came spinning into view. When Ginny had 
arrived, all three of them trooped out of McGonagalls 
office and off toward Gryffindor Tower. Harry glanced 
out of the corridor windows as they passed; the sun 
was already sinking over grounds carpeted in deeper 
snow than had lain over the Burrow garden. In the 



  394 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




distance, he could see Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in 
front of his cabin. 



Baubles, said Ron confidently, when they reached 
the Fat Lady, who was looking rather paler than 
usual and winced at his loud voice. 

No, she said. 

What dyou mean, no? 

There is a new password, she said. And please 
dont shout. 

But weve been away, howre we supposed to  ? 
Harry! Ginny! 

Hermione was hurrying toward them, very pinkfaced 
and wearing a cloak, hat, and gloves. 

I got back a couple of hours ago, Ive just been down 
to visit Hagrid and Buck  I mean Witherwings, she 
said breathlessly. Did you have a good Christmas? 

Yeah, said Ron at once, pretty eventful, Rufus 
Scrim   

Ive got something for you, Harry, said Hermione, 
neither looking at Ron nor giving any sign that she 
had heard him. Oh, hang on  password. 
Abstinence. 

Precisely, said the Fat Lady in a feeble voice, and 
swung forward to reveal the portrait hole. 

Whats up with her? asked Harry. 



  395 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Overindulged over Christmas, apparently, said 
Hermione, rolling her eyes as she led the way into the 
packed common room. She and her friend Violet 
drank their way through all the wine in that picture of 
drunk monks down by the Charms corridor. Anyway 



She rummaged in her pocket for a moment, then 
pulled out a scroll of parchment with Dumbledores 
writing on it. 

Great, said Harry, unrolling it at once to discover 
that his next lesson with Dumbledore was scheduled 
for the following night. Ive got loads to tell him  
and you. Lets sit down   

But at that moment there was a loud squeal of Won 
Won! and Lavender Brown came hurtling out of 
nowhere and flung herself into Rons arms. Several 
onlookers sniggered; Hermione gave a tinkling laugh 
and said, Theres a table over here. ... Coming, 
Ginny? 

No, thanks, I said Id meet Dean, said Ginny, 
though Harry could not help noticing that she did not 
sound very enthusiastic. Leaving Ron and Lavender 
locked in a kind of vertical wrestling match, Harry led 
Hermione over to the spare table. 

So how was your Christmas? 

Oh, fine, she shrugged. Nothing special. How was it 
at WonWons? 

Ill tell you in a minute, said Harry. Look, 

Hermione, cant you  ? 

No, I cant, she said flatly. So dont even ask. 



  396 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I thought maybe, you know, over Christmas   



It was the Fat Lady who drank a vat of fivehundred 
year old wine, Harry, not me. So what was this 
important news you wanted to tell me? 

She looked too fierce to argue with at that moment, so 
Harry dropped the subject of Ron and recounted all 
that he had overheard between Malfoy and Snape. 
When he had finished, Hermione sat in thought for a 
moment and then said, Dont you think  ? 

  he was pretending to offer help so that he could 
trick Malfoy into telling him what hes doing? 

Well, yes, said Hermione. 

Rons dad and Lupin think so, Harry said 
grudgingly. But this definitely proves Malfoys 
planning something, you cant deny that. 

No, I cant, she answered slowly. 

And hes acting on Voldemorts orders, just like I 
said! 

Hmm . . . did either of them actually mention 
Voldemorts name? 

Harry frowned, trying to remember. Im not sure ... 
Snape definitely said your master, and who else 
would that be? 

I dont know, said Hermione, biting her lip. Maybe 
his father? 

She stared across the room, apparently lost in 
thought, not even noticing Lavender tickling Ron. 
Hows Lupin? 

  397 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Not great, said Harry, and he told her all about 
Lupins mission among the werewolves and the 
difficulties he was facing. Have you heard of this 
Fenrir Grey back? 

Yes, I have! said Hermione, sounding startled. And 
so have you, Harry! 

When, History of Magic? You know full well I never 
listened ... 

No, no, not History of Magic  Malfoy threatened 
Borgin with him! said Hermione. Back in Knockturn 
Alley, dont you remember? He told Borgin that 
Grey back was an old family friend and that hed be 
checking up on Borgins progress! 

Harry gaped at her. I forgot! But this proves Malfoys 
a Death Eater, how else could he be in contact with 
Greyback and telling him what to do? 

It is pretty suspicious, breathed Hermione. Unless 



Oh, come on, said Harry in exasperation, you cant 
get round this one! 

Well ... there is the possibility it was an empty 
threat. 

Youre unbelievable, you are, said Harry, shaking 
his head. Well see whos right. ... Youll be eating 
your words, Hermione, just like the Ministry. Oh 
yeah, I had a row with Rufus Scrimgeour as well. ... 

And the rest of the evening passed amicably with both 
of them abusing the Minister of Magic, for Hermione, 
like Ron, thought that after all the Ministry had put 



  398 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry through the previous year, they had a great 
deal of nerve asking him for help now. 

The new term started next morning with a pleasant 
surprise for the sixth years: a large sign had been 
pinned to the common room notice boards overnight. 

APPARITION LESSONS 

If you are seventeen years of age, or will turn 
seventeen on or before the 31st August next, you are 
eligible for a twelveweek course of Apparition Lessons 
from a Ministry of Magic Apparition instructor. Please 
sign below if you would like to participate. Cost: 12 
Galleons. 

Harry and Ron joined the crowd that was jostling 
around the notice and taking it in turns to write their 
names at the bottom. Ron was just taking out his 
quill to sign after Hermione when Lavender crept up 
behind him, slipped her hands over his eyes, and 
trilled, Guess who, WonWon? Harry turned to see 
Hermione stalking off; he caught up with her, having 
no wish to stay behind with Ron and Lavender, but to 
his surprise, Ron caught up with them only a little 
way beyond the portrait hole, his ears bright red and 
his expression disgruntled. Without a word, Hermione 
sped up to walk with Neville. 

So  Apparition, said Ron, his tone making it 
perfectly plain that Harry was not to mention what 
had just happened. Should be a laugh, eh? 

I dunno, said Harry. Maybe its better when you do 
it yourself, I didnt enjoy it much when Dumbledore 
took me along for the ride. 



  399 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I forgot youd already done it. ... Id better pass my 
test first time, said Ron, looking anxious. Fred and 
George did. 

Charlie failed, though, didnt he? 

Yeah, but Charlies bigger than me  Ron held his 
arms out from his body as though he was a gorilla  
so Fred and George didnt go on about it much ... not 
to his face anyway ... 

When can we take the actual test? 

Soon as were seventeen. Thats only March for me! 

Yeah, but you wouldnt be able to Apparate in here, 
not in the castle ... 

Not the point, is it? Everyone would know I could 
Apparate if I wanted. 

Ron was not the only one to be excited at the prospect 
of Apparition. All that day there was much talk about 
the forthcoming lessons; a great deal of store was set 
by being able to vanish and reappear at will. 

How cool will it be when we can just   Seamus 
clicked his fingers to indicate disappearance. Me 
cousin Fergus does it just to annoy me, you wait till I 
can do it back ... Hell never have another peaceful 
moment. ... 

Lost in visions of this happy prospect, he flicked his 
wand a little too enthusiastically, so that instead of 
producing the fountain of pure water that was the 
object of todays Charms lesson, he let out a hoselike 
jet that ricocheted off the ceiling and knocked 
Professor Flitwick flat on his face. 



  400 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harrys already Apparated, Ron told a slightly 
abashed Seamus, after Professor Flitwick had dried 
himself off with a wave of his wand and set Seamus 
lines: I am a wizard, not a baboon brandishing a 
stick. Dum  er  someone took him. SideAlong 
Apparition, you know. 

Whoa! whispered Seamus, and he, Dean, and 
Neville put their heads a little closer to hear what 
Apparition felt like. For the rest of the day, Harry was 
besieged with requests from the other sixth years to 
describe the sensation of Apparition. All of them 
seemed awed, rather than put off, when he told them 
how uncomfortable it was, and he was still answering 
detailed questions at ten to eight that evening, when 
he was forced to lie and say that he needed to return 
a book to the library, so as to escape in time for his 
lesson with Dumbledore. 

The lamps in Dumbledore s office were lit, the 
portraits of previous headmasters were snoring gently 
in their frames, and the Pensieve was ready upon the 
desk once more. Dumbledore s hands lay on either 
side of it, the right one as blackened and burnt 
looking as ever. It did not seem to have healed at all 
and Harry wondered, for perhaps the hundredth time, 
what had caused such a distinctive injury, but did 
not ask; Dumbledore had said that he would know 
eventually and there was, in any case, another 
subject he wanted to discuss. But before Harry could 
say anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore 
spoke. 

I hear that you met the Minister of Magic over 
Christmas? 

Yes, said Harry. Hes not very happy with me. 



  401 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




No, sighed Dumbledore. He is not very happy with 
me either. We must try not to sink beneath our 
anguish, Harry, but battle on. 

Harry grinned. 

He wanted me to tell the Wizarding community that 
the Ministrys doing a wonderful job. 

Dumbledore smiled. 

It was Fudges idea originally, you know. During his 
last days in office, when he was trying desperately to 
cling to his post, he sought a meeting with you, 
hoping that you would give him your support   

After everything Fudge did last year? said Harry 
angrily. After Umbridge? 

I told Cornelius there was no chance of it, but the 
idea did not die when he left office. Within hours of 
Scrimgeours appointment we met and he demanded 
that I arrange a meeting with you   

So thats why you argued! Harry blurted out. It was 
in the Daily Prophet 

The Prophet is bound to report the truth 
occasionally, said Dumbledore, if only accidentally. 
Yes, that was why we argued. Well, it appears that 
Rufus found a way to corner you at last. 

He accused me of being Dumbledore s man through 
and through.  

How very rude of him. 

I told him I was. 



  402 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore opened his mouth to speak and then 
closed it again. Behind Harry, Fawkes the phoenix let 
out a low, soft, musical cry. To Harrys intense 
embarrassment, he suddenly realized that 
Dumbledore s bright blue eyes looked rather watery, 
and stared hastily at his own knees. When 
Dumbledore spoke, however, his voice was quite 
steady. 

I am very touched, Harry. 

Scrimgeour wanted to know where you go when 
youre not at Hogwarts, said Harry, still looking 
fixedly at his knees. 

Yes, he is very nosy about that, said Dumbledore, 
now sounding cheerful, and Harry thought it safe to 
look up again. He has even attempted to have me 
followed. Amusing, really. He set Dawlish to tail me. It 
wasnt kind. I have already been forced to jinx 
Dawlish once; I did it again with the greatest regret. 

So they still dont know where you go? asked Harry, 
hoping for more information on this intriguing 
subject, but Dumbledore merely smiled over the top 
of his halfmoon spectacles. 

No, they dont, and the time is not quite right for you 
to know either. Now, I suggest we press on, unless 
theres anything else  ? 

There is, actually, sir, said Harry. Its about Malfoy 
and Snape. 

Professor Snape, Harry. 

Yes, sir. I overheard them during Professor 
Slughorns party ... well, I followed them, actually. ... 



  403 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore listened to Harrys story with an 
impassive face. When Harry had finished he did not 
speak for a few moments, then said, Thank you for 
telling me this, Harry, but I suggest that you put it 
out of your mind. I do not think that it is of great 
importance. 

Not of great importance? repeated Harry 
incredulously. Professor, did you understand  ? 

Yes, Harry, blessed as I am with extraordinary 
brainpower, I understood everything you told me, 
said Dumbledore, a little sharply. I think you might 
even consider the possibility that I understood more 
than you did. Again, I am glad that you have confided 
in me, but let me reassure you that you have not told 
me anything that causes me disquiet. 

Harry sat in seething silence, glaring at Dumbledore. 
What was going on? Did this mean that Dumbledore 
had indeed ordered Snape to find out what Malfoy 
was doing, in which case he had already heard 
everything Harry had just told him from Snape? Or 
was he really worried by what he had heard, but 
pretending not to be? 

So, sir, said Harry, in what he hoped was a polite, 
calm voice, you definitely still trust  ? 

I have been tolerant enough to answer that question 
already, said Dumbledore, but he did not sound very 
tolerant anymore. My answer has not changed. 

I should think not, said a snide voice; Phineas 
Nigellus was evidently only pretending to be asleep. 
Dumbledore ignored him. 



  404 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And now, Harry, I must insist that we press on. I 
have more important things to discuss with you this 
evening. 

Harry sat there feeling mutinous. How would it be if 
he refused to permit the change of subject, if he 
insisted upon arguing the case against Malfoy? As 
though he had read Harrys mind, Dumbledore shook 
his head. 

Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the 
best of friends! Each of us believes that what he has 
to say is much more important than anything the 
other might have to contribute! 

I dont think what youve got to say is unimportant, 
sir, said Harry stiffly. 

Well, you are quite right, because it is not, said 
Dumbledore briskly. I have two more memories to 
show you this evening, both obtained with enormous 
difficulty, and the second of them is, I think, the most 
important I have collected. 

Harry did not say anything to this; he still felt angry 
at the reception his confidences had received, but 
could not see what was to be gained by arguing 
further. 

So, said Dumbledore, in a ringing voice, we meet 
this evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom 
we left last lesson poised on the threshold of his years 
at Hogwarts. You will remember how excited he was 
to hear that he was a wizard, that he refused my 
company on a trip to Diagon Alley, and that I, in turn, 
warned him against continued thievery when he 
arrived at school. 



  405 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, the start of the school year arrived and with it 
came Tom Riddle, a quiet boy in his secondhand 
robes, who lined up with the other first years to be 
sorted. He was placed in Slytherin House almost the 
moment that the Sorting Hat touched his head, 
continued Dumbledore, waving his blackened hand 
toward the shelf over his head where the Sorting Hat 
sat, ancient and unmoving. How soon Riddle learned 
that the famous founder of the House could talk to 
snakes, I do not know  perhaps that very evening. 
The knowledge can only have excited him and 
increased his sense of selfimportance. 

However, if he was frightening or impressing fellow 
Slytherins with displays of Parseltongue in their 
common room, no hint of it reached the staff. He 
showed no sign of outward arrogance or aggression at 
all. As an unusually talented and very goodlooking 
orphan, he naturally drew attention and sympathy 
from the staff almost from the moment of his arrival. 
He seemed polite, quiet, and thirsty for knowledge. 
Nearly all were most favorably impressed by him. 

Didnt you tell them, sir, what hed been like when 
you met him at the orphanage? asked Harry. 

No, I did not. Though he had shown no hint of 
remorse, it was possible that he felt sorry for how he 
had behaved before and was resolved to turn over a 
fresh leaf. I chose to give him that chance. 

Dumbledore paused and looked inquiringly at Harry, 
who had opened his mouth to speak. Here, again, was 
Dumbledore s tendency to trust people in spite of 
overwhelming evidence that they did not deserve it! 
But then Harry remembered something. . . . 

But you didnt really trust him, sir, did you? He told 
me . . . the Riddle who came out of that diary said, 

  406 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the 
other teachers did.  

Let us say that I did not take it for granted that he 
was trustworthy, said Dumbledore. I had, as I have 
already indicated, resolved to keep a close eye upon 
him, and so I did. I cannot pretend that I gleaned a 
great deal from my observations at first. He was very 
guarded with me; he felt, I am sure, that in the thrill 
of discovering his true identity he had told me a little 
too much. He was careful never to reveal as much 
again, but he could not take back what he had let slip 
in his excitement, nor what Mrs. Cole had confided in 
me. However, he had the sense never to try and 
charm me as he charmed so many of my colleagues. 

As he moved up the school, he gathered about him a 
group of dedicated friends; I call them that, for want 
of a better term, although as I have already indicated, 
Riddle undoubtedly felt no affection for any of them. 
This group had a kind of dark glamour within the 
castle. They were a motley collection; a mixture of the 
weak seeking protection, the ambitious seeking some 
shared glory, and the thuggish gravitating toward a 
leader who could show them more refined forms of 
cruelty. In other words, they were the forerunners of 
the Death Eaters, and indeed some of them became 
the first Death Eaters after leaving Hogwarts. 

Rigidly controlled by Riddle, they were never detected 
in open wrongdoing, although their seven years at 
Hogwarts were marked by a number of nasty 
incidents to which they were never satisfactorily 
linked, the most serious of which was, of course, the 
opening of the Chamber of Secrets, which resulted in 
the death of a girl. As you know, Hagrid was wrongly 
accused of that crime. 



  407 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I have not been able to find many memories of Riddle 
at Hogwarts, said Dumbledore, placing his withered 
hand on the Pensieve. Few who knew him then are 
prepared to talk about him; they are too terrified. 
What I know, I found out after he had left Hogwarts, 
after much painstaking effort, after tracing those few 
who could be tricked into speaking, after searching 
old records and questioning Muggle and wizard 
witnesses alike. 

Those whom I could persuade to talk told me that 
Riddle was obsessed with his parentage. This is 
understandable, of course; he had grown up in an 
orphanage and naturally wished to know how he 
came to be there. It seems that he searched in vain 
for some trace of Tom Riddle senior on the shields in 
the trophy room, on the lists of prefects in the old 
school records, even in the books of Wizarding 
history. Finally he was forced to accept that his father 
had never set foot in Hogwarts. I believe that it was 
then that he dropped the name forever, assumed the 
identity of Lord Voldemort, and began his 
investigations into his previously despised mothers 
family  the woman whom, you will remember, he 
had thought could not be a witch if she had 
succumbed to the shameful human weakness of 
death. 

All he had to go upon was the single name Marvolo, 
which he knew from those who ran the orphanage 
had been his mothers fathers name. Finally, after 
painstaking research through old books of Wizarding 
families, he discovered the existence of Slytherins 
surviving line. In the summer of his sixteenth year, he 
left the orphanage to which he returned annually and 
set off to find his Gaunt relatives. And now, Harry, if 
you will stand ... 



  408 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore rose, and Harry saw that he was again 
holding a small crystal bottle filled with swirling, 
pearly memory. 

I was very lucky to collect this, he said, as he 
poured the gleaming mass into the Pensieve. As you 
will understand when we have experienced it. Shall 
we? 

Harry stepped up to the stone basin and bowed 
obediently until his face sank through the surface of 
the memory; he felt the familiar sensation of falling 
through nothingness and then landed upon a dirty 
stone floor in almost total darkness. 

It took him several seconds to recognize the place, by 
which time Dumbledore had landed beside him. The 
Gaunts house was now more indescribably filthy 
than anywhere Harry had ever seen. The ceiling was 
thick with cobwebs, the floor coated in grime; moldy 
and rotting food lay upon the table amidst a mass of 
crusted pots. The only light came from a single 
guttering candle placed at the feet of a man with hair 
and beard so overgrown Harry could see neither eyes 
nor mouth. He was slumped in an armchair by the 
fire, and Harry wondered for a moment whether he 
was dead. But then there came a loud knock on the 
door and the man jerked awake, raising a wand in his 
right hand and a short knife in his left. 

The door creaked open. There on the threshold, 
holding an oldfashioned lamp, stood a boy Harry 
recognized at once: tall, pale, darkhaired, and 
handsome  the teenage Voldemort. 

Voldemorts eyes moved slowly around the hovel and 
then found the man in the armchair. For a few 
seconds they looked at each other, then the man 



  409 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




staggered upright, the many empty bottles at his feet 
clattering and tinkling across the floor. 

YOU! he bellowed. YOU! 

And he hurtled drunkenly at Riddle, wand and knife 
held aloft. 

Stop. 

Riddle spoke in Parseltongue. The man skidded into 
the table, sending moldy pots crashing to the floor. He 
stared at Riddle. There was a long silence while they 
contemplated each other. The man broke it. 

 You speak it? 

Yes, I speak it, said Riddle. He moved forward into 
the room, allowing the door to swing shut behind 
him. Harry could not help but feel a resentful 
admiration for Voldemorts complete lack of fear. His 
face merely expressed disgust and, perhaps, 
disappointment. 

Where is Marvolo? he asked. 

Dead, said the other. Died years ago, didnt he? 
Riddle frowned. 

 Who are you, then? 

Im Morfin, aint 1? 

 Marvolo s son? 

 Course I am, then ... 



  410 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Morfin pushed the hair out of his dirty face, the better 
to see Riddle, and Harry saw that he wore Marvolos 
blackstoned ring on his right hand. 

I thought you was that Muggle, whispered Morfin. 

 You look mighty like that Muggle . 

What Muggle? said Riddle sharply. 

That Muggle what my sister took a fancy to, that 
Muggle what lives in the big house over the way, said 
Morfin, and he spat unexpectedly upon the floor 
between them. You look right like him. Riddle. But 
hes older now, in e? Hes oldern you, now I think on 
it. ... 

Morfin looked slightly dazed and swayed a little, still 
clutching the edge of the table for support. He come 
back, see, he added stupidly. 

Voldemort was gazing at Morfin as though appraising 
his possibilities. Now he moved a little closer and 
said, Riddle came back? 

Ar, he left her, and serve her right, marrying filth\ 
said Morfin, spitting on the floor again. Robbed us, 
mind, before she ran off! Wheres the locket, eh, 
wheres Slytherins locket? 

Voldemort did not answer. Morfin was working 
himself into a rage again; he brandished his knife and 
shouted, Dishonored us, she did, that little slut! And 
whore you, coming here and asking questions about 
all that? Its over, innit. ... Its over. ... 

He looked away, staggering slightly, and Voldemort 
moved forward. As he did so, an unnatural darkness 
fell, extinguishing Voldemorts lamp and Morfin s 
candle, extinguishing everything. ... 

  411 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Dumbledores fingers closed tightly around Harrys 
arm and they were soaring back into the present 
again. The soft golden light in Dumbledores office 
seemed to dazzle Harrys eyes after that impenetrable 
darkness. 

Is that all? said Harry at once. Why did it go dark, 
what happened? 

Because Morfin could not remember anything from 
that point onward, said Dumbledore, gesturing Harry 
back into his seat. When he awoke next morning, he 
was lying on the floor, quite alone. Marvolos ring had 
gone. 

Meanwhile, in the village of Little Hangleton, a maid 
was running along the High Street, screaming that 
there were three bodies lying in the drawing room of 
the big house: Tom Riddle Senior and his mother and 
father. 

The Muggle authorities were perplexed. As far as I 
am aware, they do not know to this day how the 
Riddles died, for the Avada Kedavra curse does not 
usually leave any sign of damage. ... The exception 
sits before me, Dumbledore added, with a nod to 
Harrys scar. The Ministry, on the other hand, knew 
at once that this was a wizards murder. They also 
knew that a convicted Mugglehater lived across the 
valley from the Riddle house, a Mugglehater who had 
already been imprisoned once for attacking one of the 
murdered people. 

So the Ministry called upon Morfin. They did not 
need to question him, to use Veritaserum or 
Legilimency. He admitted to the murder on the spot, 
giving details only the murderer could know. He was 
proud, he said, to have killed the Muggles, had been 
awaiting his chance all these years. He handed over 
  412 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




his wand, which was proved at once to have been 
used to kill the Riddles. And he permitted himself to 
be led off to Azkaban without a fight. All that 
disturbed him was the fact that his fathers ring had 
disappeared. Hell kill me for losing it, he told his 
captors over and over again. Hell kill me for losing 
his ring.  And that, apparently, was all he ever said 
again. He lived out the remainder of his life in 
Azkaban, lamenting the loss of Marvolos last 
heirloom, and is buried beside the prison, alongside 
the other poor souls who have expired within its 
walls. 

So Voldemort stole Morfins wand and used it? said 
Harry, sitting up straight. 

Thats right, said Dumbledore. We have no 
memories to show us this, but I think we can be fairly 
sure what happened. Voldemort Stupefied his uncle, 
took his wand, and proceeded across the valley to the 
big house over the way.  There he murdered the 
Muggle man who had abandoned his witch mother, 
and, for good measure, his Muggle grandparents, 
thus obliterating the last of the unworthy Riddle line 
and revenging himself upon the father who never 
wanted him. Then he returned to the Gaunt hovel, 
performed the complex bit of magic that would 
implant a false memory in his uncles mind, laid 
Morfins wand beside its unconscious owner, 
pocketed the ancient ring he wore, and departed. 

And Morfin never realized he hadnt done it? 

Never, said Dumbledore. He gave, as I say, a full 
and boastful confession. 

But he had this real memory in him all the time! 



  413 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Yes, but it took a great deal of skilled Legilimency to 
coax it out of him, said Dumbledore, and why 
should anybody delve further into Morfins mind 
when he had already confessed to the crime? 

However, I was able to secure a visit to Morfin in the 
last weeks of his life, by which time I was attempting 
to discover as much as I could about Voldemorts 
past. I extracted this memory with difficulty. When I 
saw what it contained, I attempted to use it to secure 
Morfins release from Azkaban. Before the Ministry 
reached their decision, however, Morfin had died. 

But how come the Ministry didnt realize that 
Voldemort had done all that to Morfin? Harry asked 
angrily. He was underage at the time, wasnt he? I 
thought they could detect underage magic! 

You are quite right  they can detect magic, but not 
the perpetrator: You will remember that you were 
blamed by the Ministry for the Hover Charm that was, 
in fact, cast by   

Dobby, growled Harry; this injustice still rankled. 

So if youre underage and you do magic inside an 
adult witch or wizards house, the Ministry wont 
know? 

They will certainly be unable to tell who performed 
the magic, said Dumbledore, smiling slightly at the 
look of great indignation on Harrys face. They rely 
on witch and wizard parents to enforce their 
offsprings obedience while within their walls. 

Well, thats rubbish, snapped Harry. Look what 
happened here, look what happened to Morfin! 

I agree, said Dumbledore. Whatever Morfin was, he 
did not deserve to die as he did, blamed for murders 



  414 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




he had not committed. But it is getting late, and I 
want you to see this other memory before we part. ... 



Dumbledore took from an inside pocket another 
crystal phial and Harry fell silent at once, 
remembering that Dumbledore had said it was the 
most important one he had collected. Harry noticed 
that the contents proved difficult to empty into the 
Pensieve, as though they had congealed slightly; did 
memories go bad? 

This will not take long, said Dumbledore, when he 
had finally emptied the phial. We shall be back 
before you know it. Once more into the Pensieve, then 



And Harry fell again through the silver surface, 
landing this time right in front of a man he recognized 
at once. 

It was a much younger Horace Slughorn. Harry was 
so used to him bald that he found the sight of 
Slughorn with thick, shiny, strawcolored hair quite 
disconcerting; it looked as though he had had his 
head thatched, though there was already a shiny 
Galleonsized bald patch on his crown. His mustache, 
less massive than it was these days, was gingery 
blond. He was not quite as rotund as the Slughorn 
Harry knew, though the golden buttons on his richly 
embroidered waistcoat were taking a fair amount of 
strain. His little feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, he 
was sitting well back in a comfortable winged 
armchair, one hand grasping a small glass of wine, 
the other searching through a box of crystalized 
pineapple. 

Harry looked around as Dumbledore appeared beside 
him and saw that they were standing in Slughorn s 
office. Half a dozen boys were sitting around 

  415 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Slughorn, all on harder or lower seats than his, and 
all in their midteens. Harry recognized Voldemort at 
once. His was the most handsome face and he looked 
the most relaxed of all the boys. His right hand lay 
negligently upon the arm of his chair; with a jolt, 
Harry saw that he was wearing Marvolos goldand 
black ring; he had already killed his father. 

Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is 
retiring? he asked. 

Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldnt tell you, said 
Slughorn, wagging a reproving, sugarcovered finger 
at Riddle, though ruining the effect slightly by 
winking. I must say, Id like to know where you get 
your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half 
the staff, you are. 

Riddle smiled; the other boys laughed and cast him 
admiring looks. 

What with your uncanny ability to know things you 
shouldnt, and your careful flattery of the people who 
matter  thank you for the pineapple, by the way, 
youre quite right, it is my favorite   

As several of the boys tittered, something very odd 
happened. The whole room was suddenly filled with a 
thick white fog, so that Harry could see nothing but 
the face of Dumbledore, who was standing beside 
him. Then Slughorn s voice rang out through the 
mist, unnaturally loudly,  Youll go wrong, boy, mark 
my words. 

The fog cleared as suddenly as it had appeared and 
yet nobody made any allusion to it, nor did anybody 
look as though anything unusual had just happened. 
Bewildered, Harry looked around as a small golden 



  416 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




clock standing upon Slughorns desk chimed eleven 
oclock. 

Good gracious, is it that time already? said 
Slughorn. Youd better get going, boys, or well all be 
in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by tomorrow 
or its detention. Same goes for you, Avery. 

Slughorn pulled himself out of his armchair and 
carried his empty glass over to his desk as the boys 
filed out. Voldemort, however, stayed behind. Harry 
could tell he had dawdled deliberately, wanting to be 
last in the room with Slughorn. 

Look sharp, Tom, said Slughorn, turning around 
and finding him still present. You dont want to be 
caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect ... 

Sir, I wanted to ask you something. 

Ask away, then, mboy, ask away. ... 

Sir, I wondered what you know about . . . about 
Horcruxes? 

And it happened all over again: The dense fog filled 
the room so that Harry could not see Slughorn or 
Voldemort at all; only Dumbledore, smiling serenely 
beside him. Then Slughorns voice boomed out again, 
just as it had done before. 

I dont know anything about Horcruxes and I wouldnt 
tell you if I did! Now get out of here at once and dont 
let me catch you mentioning them again\ 

Well, thats that, said Dumbledore placidly beside 
Harry. Time to go. 



  417 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And Harrys feet left the floor to fall, seconds later, 
back onto the mg in front of Dumbledores desk. 



Thats all there is? said Harry blankly. 

Dumbledore had said that this was the most 
important memory of all, but he could not see what 
was so significant about it. Admittedly the fog, and 
the fact that nobody seemed to have noticed it, was 
odd, but other than that nothing seemed to have 
happened except that Voldemort had asked a 
question and failed to get an answer. 

As you might have noticed, said Dumbledore, 
reseating himself behind his desk, that memory has 
been tampered with. 

Tampered with? repeated Harry, sitting back down 
too. 

Certainly, said Dumbledore. Professor Slughorn 
has meddled with his own recollections. 

But why would he do that? 

Because, I think, he is ashamed of what he 
remembers, said Dumbledore. He has tried to 
rework the memory to show himself in a better light, 
obliterating those parts which he does not wish me to 
see. It is, as you will have noticed, very crudely done, 
and that is all to the good, for it shows that the true 
memory is still there beneath the alterations. 

And so, for the first time, I am giving you homework, 
Harry. It will be your job to persuade Professor 
Slughorn to divulge the real memory, which will 
undoubtedly be our most crucial piece of information 
of all. 

  418 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry stared at him. 

But surely, sir, he said, keeping his voice as 
respectful as possible, you dont need me  you 
could use Legilimency ... or Veritaserum. ... 

Professor Slughorn is an extremely able wizard who 
will be expecting both, said Dumbledore. He is 
much more accomplished at Occlumency than poor 
Morfin Gaunt, and I would be astonished if he has 
not carried an antidote to Veritaserum with him ever 
since I coerced him into giving me this travesty of a 
recollection. 

No, I think it would be foolish to attempt to wrest the 
truth from Professor Slughorn by force, and might do 
much more harm than good; I do not wish him to 
leave Hogwarts. However, he has his weaknesses like 
the rest of us, and I believe that you are the one 
person who might be able to penetrate his defenses. It 
is most important that we secure the true memory, 
Harry. ... How important, we will only know when we 
have seen the real thing. So, good luck ... and good 
night. 

A little taken aback by the abrupt dismissal, Harry 
got to his feet quickly. Good night, sir. 

As he closed the study door behind him, he distinctly 
heard Phineas Nigellus say, I cant see why the boy 
should be able to do it better than you, Dumbledore. 

I wouldnt expect you to, Phineas, replied 
Dumbledore, and Fawkes gave another low, musical 
cry. 



  419 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






BIRTHDAY SURPRISES 

The next day Harry confided in both Ron and 
Hermione the task that Dumbledore had set him, 
though separately, for Hermione still refused to 
remain in Rons presence longer than it took to give 
him a contemptuous look. 

Ron thought that Harry was unlikely to have any 
trouble with Slughorn at all. 

He loves you, he said over breakfast, waving an airy 
forkful of fried egg. Wont refuse you anything, will 
he? Not his little Potions Prince. Just hang back after 
class this afternoon and ask him. 

Hermione, however, took a gloomier view. He must 
be determined to hide what really happened if 
Dumbledore couldnt get it out of him, she said in a 
low voice, as they stood in the deserted, snowy 
courtyard at break. Horcruxes ... Horcruxes ... Ive 
never even heard of them. ... 



  420 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



You havent? Harry was disappointed; he had hoped 
that Hermione might have been able to give him a 
clue as to what Horcruxes were. 



They must be really advanced Dark Magic, or why 
would Voldemort have wanted to know about them? I 
think its going to be difficult to get the information, 
Harry, youll have to be very careful about how you 
approach Slughorn, think out a strategy. ... 

Ron reckons I should just hang back after Potions 
this afternoon. ... 

Oh, well, if WonWon thinks that, youd better do it, 
she said, flaring up at once. After all, when has Won 
Wons judgment ever been faulty? 

Hermione, cant you  ? 

iVo! she said angrily, and stormed away, leaving 
Harry alone and ankledeep in snow. 

Potions lessons were uncomfortable enough these 
days, seeing as Harry, Ron, and Hermione had to 
share a desk. Today, Hermione moved her cauldron 
around the table so that she was close to Ernie, and 
ignored both Harry and Ron. 

Whatve you done? Ron muttered to Harry, looking 
at Hermione s haughty profile. 

But before Harry could answer, Slughorn was calling 
for silence from the front of the room. 

Settle down, settle down, please! Quickly, now, lots 
of work to get through this afternoon! Golpalotts 
Third Law ... who can tell me  ? But Miss Granger 
can, of course! 

  421 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hermione recited at top speed: GolpalottsThird 
Lawstatesthattheantidoteforablendedpoison 
willbeequaltomorethanthesumoftheantidotes 
foreachoftheseparatecomponents. 

Precisely! beamed Slughorn. Ten points for 
Gryffindor! Now, if we accept Golpalotts Third Law as 
true ... 

Harry was going to have to take Slughorn s word for it 
that Golpalotts Third Law was true, because he had 
not understood any of it. Nobody apart from 
Hermione seemed to be following what Slughorn said 
next either. 

"... which means, of course, that assuming we have 
achieved correct identification of the potions 
ingredients by Scarpins Revelaspell, our primary aim 
is not the relatively simple one of selecting antidotes 
to those ingredients in and of themselves, but to find 
that added component that will, by an almost 
alchemical process, transform these disparate 
elements   

Ron was sitting beside Harry with his mouth half 
open, doodling absently on his new copy of Advanced 
PotionMaking. Ron kept forgetting that he could no 
longer rely on Hermione to help him out of trouble 
when he failed to grasp what was going on. 

"... and so, finished Slughorn, I want each of you to 
come and take one of these phials from my desk. You 
are to create an antidote for the poison within it 
before the end of the lesson. Good luck, and dont 
forget your protective gloves! 

Hermione had left her stool and was halfway toward 
Slughorn s desk before the rest of the class had 
realized it was time to move, and by the time Harry, 

  422 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron, and Ernie returned to the table, she had already 
tipped the contents of her phial into her cauldron and 
was kindling a fire underneath it. 

Its a shame that the Prince wont be able to help you 
much with this, Harry, she said brightly as she 
straightened up. You have to understand the 
principles involved this time. No shortcuts or cheats! 

Annoyed, Harry uncorked the poison he had taken 
from Slughorns desk, which was a garish shade of 
pink, tipped it into his cauldron, and lit a fire 
underneath it. He did not have the faintest idea what 
he was supposed to do next. He glanced around at 
Ron, who was now standing there looking rather 
gormless, having copied everything Harry had done. 

You sure the Prince hasnt got any tips? Ron 
muttered to Harry. 

Harry pulled out his trusty copy of Advanced Potion 
Making and turned to the chapter on antidotes. There 
was Golpalotts Third Law, stated word for word as 
Hermione had recited it, but not a single illuminating 
note in the Princes hand to explain what it meant. 
Apparently the Prince, like Hermione, had had no 
difficulty understanding it. 

Nothing, said Harry gloomily. 

Hermione was now waving her wand enthusiastically 
over her cauldron. Unfortunately, they could not copy 
the spell she was doing because she was now so good 
at nonverbal incantations that she did not need to say 
the words aloud. Ernie Macmillan, however, was 
muttering, Specialis Reveliol over his cauldron, 
which sounded impressive, so Harry and Ron 
hastened to imitate him. 



  423 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




It took Harry only five minutes to realize that his 
reputation as the best potionmaker in the class was 
crashing around his ears. Slughorn had peered 
hopefully into his cauldron on his first circuit of the 
dungeon, preparing to exclaim in delight as he 
usually did, and instead had withdrawn his head 
hastily, coughing, as the smell of bad eggs 
overwhelmed him. Hermiones expression could not 
have been any smugger; she had loathed being 
outperformed in every Potions class. She was now 
decanting the mysteriously separated ingredients of 
her poison into ten different crystal phials. More to 
avoid watching this irritating sight than anything 
else, Harry bent over the HalfBlood Princes book and 
turned a few s with unnecessary force. 

And there it was, scrawled right across a long list of 
antidotes: 

Just shove a bezoar down their throats. 

Harry stared at these words for a moment. Hadnt he 
once, long ago, heard of bezoars? Hadnt Snape 
mentioned them in their firstever Potions lesson? A 
stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will 
protect from most poisons. 

It was not an answer to the Golpalott problem, and 
had Snape still been their teacher, Harry would not 
have dared do it, but this was a moment for desperate 
measures. He hastened toward the store cupboard 
and rummaged within it, pushing aside unicorn 
horns and tangles of dried herbs until he found, at 
the very back, a small cardboard box on which had 
been scribbled the word bezoars. 

He opened the box just as Slughorn called, Two 
minutes left, everyone! Inside were half a dozen 



  424 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




shriveled brown objects, looking more like driedup 
kidneys than real stones. Harry seized one, put the 
box back in the cupboard, and hurried back to his 
cauldron. 

Times ... UP! called Slughorn genially. Well, lets 
see how youve done! Blaise ... what have you got for 
me? 

Slowly, Slughorn moved around the room, examining 
the various antidotes. Nobody had finished the task, 
although Hermione was trying to cram a few more 
ingredients into her bottle before Slughorn reached 
her. Ron had given up completely, and was merely 
trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fumes issuing 
from his cauldron. Harry stood there waiting, the 
bezoar clutched in a slightly sweaty hand. 

Slughorn reached their table last. He sniffed Ernies 
potion and passed on to Rons with a grimace. He did 
not linger over Rons cauldron, but backed away 
swiftly, retching slightly. 

And you, Harry, he said. What have you got to 
show me? 

Harry held out his hand, the bezoar sitting on his 
palm. 

Slughorn looked down at it for a full ten seconds. 
Harry wondered, for a moment, whether he was going 
to shout at him. Then he threw back his head and 
roared with laughter. 

Youve got nerve, boy! he boomed, taking the bezoar 
and holding it up so that the class could see it. Oh, 
youre like your mother. ... Well, I cant fault you. ... A 
bezoar would certainly act as an antidote to all these 
potions! 

  425 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hermione, who was sweatyfaced and had soot on her 
nose, looked livid. Her halffinished antidote, 
comprising fiftytwo ingredients, including a chunk of 
her own hair, bubbled sluggishly behind Slughorn, 
who had eyes for nobody but Harry. 

And you thought of a bezoar all by yourself, did you, 
Harry? she asked through gritted teeth. 

Thats the individual spirit a real potionmaker 
needs! said Slughorn happily, before Harry could 
reply. Just like his mother, she had the same 
intuitive grasp of potionmaking, its undoubtedly 
from Lily he gets it. ... Yes, Harry, yes, if youve got a 
bezoar to hand, of course that would do the trick . . . 
although as they dont work on everything, and are 
pretty rare, its still worth knowing how to mix 
antidotes. ... 

The only person in the room looking angrier than 
Hermione was Malfoy, who, Harry was pleased to see, 
had spilled something that looked like catsick over 
himself. Before either of them could express their fury 
that Harry had come top of the class by not doing any 
work, however, the bell rang. 

Time to pack up! said Slughorn. And an extra ten 
points to Gryffindor for sheer cheek! 

Still chuckling, he waddled back to his desk at the 
front of the dungeon. 

Harry dawdled behind, taking an inordinate amount 
of time to do up his bag. Neither Ron nor Hermione 
wished him luck as they left; both looked rather 
annoyed. At last Harry and Slughorn were the only 
two left in the room. 



  426 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Come on, now, Harry, youll be late for your next 
lesson, said Slughorn affably, snapping the gold 
clasps shut on his dragon skin briefcase. 

Sir, said Harry, reminding himself irresistibly of 
Voldemort, I wanted to ask you something. 

Ask away, then, my dear boy, ask away. ... 

Sir, I wondered what you know about . . . about 
Horcruxes? 

Slughorn froze. His round face seemed to sink in 
upon itself. He licked his lips and said hoarsely, 

What did you say? 

I asked whether you know anything about 
Horcruxes, sir. You see   

Dumbledore put you up to this, whispered 
Slughorn. His voice had changed completely. It was 
not genial anymore, but shocked, terrified. He 
fumbled in his breast pocket and pulled out a 
handkerchief, mopping his sweating brow. 
Dumbledores shown you that  that memory. Well? 
Hasnt he? 

Yes, said Harry, deciding on the spot that it was 
best not to lie. 

Yes, of course, said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing 
at his white face. Of course ... well, if youve seen 
that memory, Harry, youll know that I dont know 
anything  anything  he repeated the word 
forcefully  about Horcruxes. 

He seized his dragonskin briefcase, stuffed his 
handkerchief back into his pocket, and marched to 
the dungeon door. 

  427 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Sir, said Harry desperately, I just thought there 
might be a bit more to the memory   

Did you? said Slughorn. Then you were wrong, 
werent you? WRONG! 

He bellowed the last word and, before Harry could say 
another word, slammed the dungeon door behind 
him. 

Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic 
when Harry told them of this disastrous interview. 
Hermione was still seething at the way Harry had 
triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron was 
resentful that Harry hadnt slipped him a bezoar too. 

It wouldve just looked stupid if wed both done it! 
said Harry irritably. Look, I had to try and soften him 
up so I could ask him about Voldemort, didnt I? Oh, 
will you get a grip\ he added in exasperation, as Ron 
winced at the sound of the name. 

Infuriated by his failure and by Rons and Hermiones 
attitudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over 
what to do next about Slughorn. He decided that, for 
the time being, he would let Slughorn think that he 
had forgotten all about Horcruxes; it was surely best 
to lull him into a false sense of security before 
returning to the attack. 

When Harry did not question Slughorn again, the 
Potions master reverted to his usual affectionate 
treatment of him, and appeared to have put the 
matter from his mind. Harry awaited an invitation to 
one of his little evening parties, determined to accept 
this time, even if he had to reschedule Quidditch 
practice. Unfortunately, however, no such invitation 
arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: 
Neither of them had received an invitation and nor, as 
  428 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




far as they knew, had anybody else. Harry could not 
help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn 
was not quite as forgetful as he appeared, simply 
determined to give Harry no additional opportunities 
to question him. 

Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione 
for the first time in living memory. She was so 
shocked, she even forgot that she was annoyed at 
Harry for his trick with the bezoar. 

I havent found one single explanation of what 
Horcruxes do! she told him. Not a single one! Ive 
been right through the restricted section and even in 
the most horrible books, where they tell you how to 
brew the most gruesome potions  nothing! All I 
could find was this, in the introduction to Magick 
Moste Evile  listen  Of the Horcrux, wickedest of 
magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give 
direction. ...I mean, why mention it then? she said 
impatiently, slamming the old book shut; it let out a 
ghostly wail. Oh, shut up, she snapped, stuffing it 
back into her bag. 

The snow melted around the school as February 
arrived, to be replaced by cold, dreary wetness. 
Purplishgray clouds hung low over the castle and a 
constant fall of chilly rain made the lawns slippery 
and muddy. The upshot of this was that the sixth 
years first Apparition lesson, which was scheduled 
for a Saturday morning so that no normal lessons 
would be missed, took place in the Great Hall instead 
of in the grounds. 

When Harry and Hermione arrived in the Hall (Ron 
had come down with Lavender), they found that the 
tables had disappeared. Rain lashed against the high 
windows and the enchanted ceiling swirled darkly 
above them as they assembled in front of Professors 
  429 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick, and Sprout  the 
Heads of Houses  and a small wizard whom Harry 
took to be the Apparition instructor from the Ministry. 
He was oddly colorless, with transparent eyelashes, 
wispy hair, and an insubstantial air, as though a 
single gust of wind might blow him away. Harry 
wondered whether constant disappearances and 
reappearances had somehow diminished his 
substance, or whether this frail build was ideal for 
anyone wishing to vanish. 

Good morning, said the Ministry wizard, when all 
the students had arrived and the Heads of Houses 
had called for quiet. My name is Wilkie Twycross and 
I shall be your Ministry Apparition instructor for the 
next twelve weeks. I hope to be able to prepare you for 
your Apparition Tests in this time   

Malfoy, be quiet and pay attention! barked Professor 
McGonagall. 

Everybody looked around. Malfoy had flushed a dull 
pink; he looked furious as he stepped away from 
Crabbe, with whom he appeared to have been having 
a whispered argument. Harry glanced quickly at 
Snape, who also looked annoyed, though Harry 
strongly suspected that this was less because of 
Malfoys rudeness than the fact that McGonagall had 
reprimanded one of his House. 

  by which time, many of you may be ready to take 
your tests, Twycross continued, as though there had 
been no interruption. 

As you may know, it is usually impossible to 
Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts. The 
headmaster has lifted this enchantment, purely 
within the Great Hall, for one hour, so as to enable 
you to practice. May I emphasize that you will not be 
  430 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




able to Apparate outside the walls of this Hall, and 
that you would be unwise to try. 

I would like each of you to place yourselves now so 
that you have a clear five feet of space in front of 
you. 

There was a great scrambling and jostling as people 
separated, banged into each other, and ordered 
others out of their space. The Heads of Houses moved 
among the students, marshaling them into position 
and breaking up arguments. 

Harry, where are you going? demanded Hermione. 

But Harry did not answer; he was moving quickly 
through the crowd, past the place where Professor 
Flitwick was making squeaky attempts to position a 
few Ravenclaws, all of whom wanted to be near the 
front, past Professor Sprout, who was chivying the 
Hufflepuffs into line, until, by dodging around Ernie 
Macmillan, he managed to position himself right at 
the back of the crowd, directly behind Malfoy, who 
was taking advantage of the general upheaval to 
continue his argument with Crabbe, standing five feet 
away and looking mutinous. 

I dont know how much longer, all right? Malfoy 
shot at him, oblivious to Harry standing right behind 
him. Its taking longer than I thought it would. 

Crabbe opened his mouth, but Malfoy appeared to 
secondguess what he was going to say. Look, its 
none of your business what Im doing, Crabbe, you 
and Goyle just do as youre told and keep a lookout! 

I tell my friends what Im up to, if I want them to 
keep a lookout for me, Harry said, just loud enough 
for Malfoy to hear him. 

  431 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Malfoy spun around on the spot, his hand flying to 
his wand, but at that precise moment the four Heads 
of House shouted, Quiet! and silence fell again. 
Malfoy turned slowly to face the front again. 

Thank you, said Twycross. Now then ... 

He waved his wand. Oldfashioned wooden hoops 
instantly appeared on the floor in front of every 
student. 

The important things to remember when Apparating 
are the three Ds! said Twycross. Destination, 
Determination, Deliberation! 

Step one: Fix your mind firmly upon the desired 
destination, said Twycross. In this case, the interior 
of your hoop. Kindly concentrate upon that 
destination now. 

Everybody looked around furtively to check that 
everyone else was staring into their hoop, then hastily 
did as they were told. Harry gazed at the circular 
patch of dusty floor enclosed by his hoop and tried 
hard to think of nothing else. This proved impossible, 
as he couldnt stop puzzling over what Malfoy was 
doing that needed lookouts. 

Step two, said Twycross, focus your determination 
to occupy the visualized space! Let your yearning to 
enter it flood from your mind to every particle of your 
body! 

Harry glanced around surreptitiously. A little way to 
his left, Ernie Macmillan was contemplating his hoop 
so hard that his face had turned pink; it looked as 
though he was straining to lay a Quafflesized egg. 
Harry bit back a laugh and hastily returned his gaze 
to his own hoop. 

  432 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Step three, called Twycross, and only when I give 
the command ... Turn on the spot, feeling your way 
into nothingness, moving with deliberation ,! On my 
command, now . . . one   

Harry glanced around again; lots of people were 
looking positively alarmed at being asked to Apparate 
so quickly. 

 two   

Harry tried to fix his thoughts on his hoop again; he 
had already forgotten what the three Ds stood for. 

THREE! 

Harry spun on the spot, lost balance, and nearly fell 
over. He was not the only one. The whole Hall was 
suddenly full of staggering people; Neville was flat on 
his back; Ernie Macmillan, on the other hand, had 
done a kind of pirouetting leap into his hoop and 
looked momentarily thrilled, until he caught sight of 
Dean Thomas roaring with laughter at him. 

Never mind, never mind, said Twycross dryly, who 
did not seem to have expected anything better. 

Adjust your hoops, please, and back to your original 
positions. ... 

The second attempt was no better than the first. The 
third was just as bad. Not until the fourth did 
anything exciting happen. There was a horrible 
screech of pain and everybody looked around, 
terrified, to see Susan Bones of Hufflepuff wobbling in 
her hoop with her left leg still standing five feet away 
where she had started. 

The Heads of House converged on her; there was a 
great bang and a puff of purple smoke, which cleared 

  433 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




to reveal Susan sobbing, reunited with her leg but 
looking horrified. 



Splinching, or the separation of random body parts, 
said Wilkie Twycross dispassionately, occurs when 
the mind is insufficiently determined. You must 
concentrate continuously upon your destination , and 
move, without haste, but with deliberation ... thus. 

Twycross stepped forward, turned gracefully on the 
spot with his arms outstretched, and vanished in a 
swirl of robes, reappearing at the back of the Hall. 

Remember the three Ds, he said, and try again ... 
one  two  three   

But an hour later, Susans Splinching was still the 
most interesting thing that had happened. Twycross 
did not seem discouraged. Fastening his cloak at his 
neck, he merely said, Until next Saturday, 
everybody, and do not forget: Destination. 
Determination. Deliberation. 

With that, he waved his wand, Vanishing the hoops, 
and walked out of the Hall accompanied by Professor 
McGonagall. Talk broke out at once as people began 
moving toward the entrance hall. 

How did you do? asked Ron, hurrying toward Harry. 
I think I felt something the last time I tried  a kind 
of tingling in my feet. 

I expect your trainers are too small, WonWon, said 
a voice behind them, and Hermione stalked past, 
smirking. 

I didnt feel anything, said Harry, ignoring this 
interruption. But I dont care about that now   

  434 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What dyou mean, you dont care? Dont you want to 
learn to Apparate? said Ron incredulously. 

Im not fussed, really, I prefer flying, said Harry, 
glancing over his shoulder to see where Malfoy was, 
and speeding up as they came into the entrance hall. 
Look, hurry up, will you, theres something I want to 
do. ... 

Perplexed, Ron followed Harry back to the Gryffindor 
Tower at a run. They were temporarily detained by 
Peeves, who had jammed a door on the fourth floor 
shut and was refusing to let anyone pass until they 
set fire to their own pants, but Harry and Ron simply 
turned back and took one of their trusted shortcuts. 
Within five minutes, they were climbing through the 
portrait hole. 

Are you going to tell me what were doing, then? 
asked Ron, panting slightly. 

Up here, said Harry, and he crossed the common 
room and led the way through the door to the boys 
staircase. 

Their dormitory was, as Harry had hoped, empty. He 
flung open his trunk and began to rummage in it, 
while Ron watched impatiently. 

Harry ... 

Malfoy s using Crabbe and Goyle as lookouts. He was 
arguing with Crabbe just now. I want to know  
aha. 

He had found it, a folded square of apparently blank 
parchment, which he now smoothed out and tapped 
with the tip of his wand. 



  435 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I solemnly swear that I am up to no good ... or Malfoy 
is anyway. 

At once, the Marauders Map appeared on the 
parchments surface. Here was a detailed plan of 
every one of the castles floors and, moving around it, 
the tiny, labeled black dots that signified each of the 
castles occupants. 

Help me find Malfoy, said Harry urgently. 

He laid the map upon his bed, and he and Ron leaned 
over it, searching. 

There! said Ron, after a minute or so. Hes in the 
Slytherin common room, look . . . with Parkinson and 
Zabini and Crabbe and Goyle ... 

Harry looked down at the map, disappointed, but 
rallied almost at once. 

Well, Im keeping an eye on him from now on, he 
said firmly. And the moment I see him lurking 
somewhere with Crabbe and Goyle keeping watch 
outside, itll be on with the old Invisibility Cloak and 
off to find out what hes   

He broke off as Neville entered the dormitory, bringing 
with him a strong smell of singed material, and began 
rummaging in his trunk for a fresh pair of pants. 

Despite his determination to catch Malfoy out, Harry 
had no luck at all over the next couple of weeks. 
Although he consulted the map as often as he could, 
sometimes making unnecessary visits to the 
bathroom between lessons to search it, he did not 
once see Malfoy anywhere suspicious. Admittedly, he 
spotted Crabbe and Goyle moving around the castle 
on their own more often than usual, sometimes 
  436 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




remaining stationary in deserted corridors, but at 
these times Malfoy was not only nowhere near them, 
but impossible to locate on the map at all. This was 
most mysterious. Harry toyed with the possibility that 
Malfoy was actually leaving the school grounds, but 
could not see how he could be doing it, given the very 
high level of security now operating within the castle. 
He could only suppose that he was missing Malfoy 
amongst the hundreds of tiny black dots upon the 
map. As for the fact that Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle 
appeared to be going their different ways when they 
were usually inseparable, these things happened as 
people got older  Ron and Hermione, Harry reflected 
sadly, were living proof. 

February moved toward March with no change in the 
weather except that it became windy as well as wet. 

To general indignation, a sign went up on all common 
room notice boards that the next trip into Hogsmeade 
had been canceled. Ron was furious. 

It was on my birthday! he said. I was looking 
forward to that! 

Not a big surprise, though, is it? said Harry. Not 
after what happened to Katie. 

She had still not returned from St. Mungos. What 
was more, further disappearances had been reported 
in the Daily Prophet, including several relatives of 
students at Hogwarts. 

But now all Ive got to look forward to is stupid 
Apparition! said Ron grumpily. Big birthday treat ... 

Three lessons on, Apparition was proving as difficult 
as ever, though a few more people had managed to 
Splinch themselves. Frustration was running high 
and there was a certain amount of illfeeling toward 

  437 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Wilkie Twycross and his three Ds, which had inspired 
a number of nicknames for him, the politest of which 
were Dogbreath and Dunghead. 

Happy birthday, Ron, said Harry, when they were 
woken on the first of March by Seamus and Dean 
leaving noisily for breakfast. Have a present. 

He threw the package across onto Rons bed, where it 
joined a small pile of them that must, Harry assumed, 
have been delivered by houseelves in the night. 

Cheers, said Ron drowsily and, as he ripped off the 
paper, Harry got out of bed, opened his own trunk, 
and began rummaging in it for the Marauders Map, 
which he hid after every use. He turfed out half the 
contents of his trunk before he found it hiding 
beneath the rolledup socks in which he was still 
keeping his bottle of lucky potion, Felix Felicis. 

Right, he murmured, taking it back to bed with him, 
tapping it quietly and murmuring,  I solemnly swear 
that I am up to no good, so that Neville, who was 
passing the foot of his bed at the time, would not 
hear. 

Nice one, Harry! said Ron enthusiastically, waving 
the new pair of Quidditch Keepers gloves Harry had 
given him. 

No problem, said Harry absentmindedly, as he 
searched the Slytherin dormitory closely for Malfoy. 
Hey ... I dont think hes in his bed. ... 

Ron did not answer; he was too busy unwrapping 
presents, every now and then letting out an 
exclamation of pleasure. 



  438 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Seriously good haul this year! he announced, 
holding up a heavy gold watch with odd symbols 
around the edge and tiny moving stars instead of 
hands. See what Mum and Dad got me? Blimey, I 
think Ill come of age next year too. ... 

Cool, muttered Harry, sparing the watch a glance 
before peering more closely at the map. Where was 
Malfoy? He did not seem to be at the Slytherin table 
in the Great Hall, eating breakfast. ... He was 
nowhere near Snape, who was sitting in his study. ... 
He wasnt in any of the bathrooms or in the hospital 
wing. ... 

Want one? said Ron thickly, holding out a box of 
Chocolate Cauldrons. 

No thanks, said Harry, looking up. Malfoys gone 
again! 

Cant have done, said Ron, stuffing a second 
Cauldron into his mouth as he slid out of bed to get 
dressed. Come on, if you dont hurry up, youll have 
to Apparate on an empty stomach. ... Might make it 
easier, I suppose ... Ron looked thoughtfully at the 
box of Chocolate Cauldrons, then shrugged and 
helped himself to a third. 

Harry tapped the map with his wand, muttered, 
Mischief managed, though it hadnt been, and got 
dressed, thinking hard. There had to be an 
explanation for Malfoys periodic disappearances, but 
he simply could not think what it could be. The best 
way of finding out would be to tail him, but even with 
the Invisibility Cloak this was an impractical idea: 
Harry had lessons, Quidditch practice, homework, 
and Apparition; he could not follow Malfoy around 
school all day without his absence being remarked 
upon. 

  439 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ready? he said to Ron. 

He was halfway to the dormitory door when he 
realized that Ron had not moved, but was leaning on 
his bedpost, staring out of the rainwashed window 
with a strangely unfocused look on his face. 

Ron? Breakfast. 

Im not hungry. 

Harry stared at him. 

I thought you just said  ? 

Well, all right, Ill come down with you, sighed Ron, 
but I dont want to eat. 

Harry scrutinized him suspiciously. 

Youve just eaten half a box of Chocolate Cauldrons, 
havent you? 

Its not that, Ron sighed again. You ... you wouldnt 
understand. 

Fair enough, said Harry, albeit puzzled, as he 
turned to open the door. 

Harry! said Ron suddenly. 

What? 

Harry, I cant stand it! 

You cant stand what? asked Harry, now starting to 
feel definitely alarmed. Ron was rather pale and 
looked as though he was about to be sick. 



  440 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I cant stop thinking about her! said Ron hoarsely. 

Harry gaped at him. He had not expected this and 
was not sure he wanted to hear it. Friends they might 
be, but if Ron started calling Lavender LavLav, he 
would have to put his foot down. 

Why does that stop you having breakfast? Harry 
asked, trying to inject a note of common sense into 
the proceedings. 

I dont think she knows I exist, said Ron with a 
desperate gesture. 

She definitely knows you exist, said Harry, 
bewildered. She keeps snogging you, doesnt she? 

Ron blinked. Who are you talking about? 

Who are you talking about? said Harry, with an 
increasing sense that all reason had dropped out of 
the conversation. 

Romilda Vane, said Ron softly, and his whole face 
seemed to illuminate as he said it, as though hit by a 
ray of purest sunlight. 

They stared at each other for almost a whole minute, 
before Harry said, This is a joke, right? Youre 
joking. 

I think ... Harry, I think I love her, said Ron in a 
strangled voice. 

Okay, said Harry, walking up to Ron to get a better 
look at the glazed eyes and the pallid complexion, 
okay... Say that again with a straight face. 



  441 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I love her, repeated Ron breathlessly. Have you 
seen her hair, its all black and shiny and silky ... and 
her eyes? Her big dark eyes? And her   

This is really funny and everything, said Harry 
impatiently, but jokes over, all right? Drop it. 

He turned to leave; he had got two steps toward the 
door when a crashing blow hit him on the right ear. 
Staggering, he looked around. Rons fist was drawn 
right back; his face was contorted with rage; he was 
about to strike again. 

Harry reacted instinctively; his wand was out of his 
pocket and the incantation sprang to mind without 
conscious thought: Levicorpus\ 

Ron yelled as his heel was wrenched upward once 
more; he dangled helplessly, upside down, his robes 
hanging off him. 

 What was that for? Harry bellowed. 

You insulted her, Harry! You said it was a joke! 
shouted Ron, who was slowly turning purple in the 
face as all the blood rushed to his head. 

This is insane! said Harry. Whats got into  ? 

And then he saw the box lying open on Rons bed, 
and the truth hit him with the force of a stampeding 
troll. 

Where did you get those Chocolate Cauldrons? 

They were a birthday present! shouted Ron, 
revolving slowly in midair as he struggled to get free. 

I offered you one, didnt I? 



  442 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You just picked them up off the floor, didnt you? 



Theyd fallen off my bed, all right? Let me go! 

They didnt fall off your bed, you prat, dont you 
understand? They were mine, I chucked them out of 
my trunk when I was looking for the map, theyre the 
Chocolate Cauldrons Romilda gave me before 
Christmas, and theyre all spiked with love potion! 

But only one word of this seemed to have registered 
with Ron. 

Romilda? he repeated. Did you say Romilda? Harry 
 do you know her? Can you introduce me? 

Harry stared at the dangling Ron, whose face now 
looked tremendously hopeful, and fought a strong 
desire to laugh. A part of him  the part closest to 
his throbbing right ear  was quite keen on the idea 
of letting Ron down and watching him run amok until 
the effects of the potion wore off. . . . But on the other 
hand, they were supposed to be friends, Ron had not 
been himself when he had attacked, and Harry 
thought that he would deserve another punching if he 
permitted Ron to declare undying love for Romilda 
Vane. 

Yeah, Ill introduce you, said Harry, thinking fast. 
Im going to let you down now, okay? 

He sent Ron crashing back to the floor (his ear did 
hurt quite a lot), but Ron simply bounded to his feet 
again, grinning. 

Shell be in Slughorns office, said Harry confidently, 
leading the way to the door. 



  443 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Why will she be in there? asked Ron anxiously, 
hurrying to keep up. 

Oh, she has extra Potions lessons with him, said 
Harry, inventing wildly. 

Maybe I could ask if I can have them with her? said 
Ron eagerly. 

Great idea, said Harry. 

Lavender was waiting beside the portrait hole, a 
complication Harry had not foreseen. 

Youre late, WonWon! she pouted. Ive got you a 
birthday   

Leave me alone, said Ron impatiently. Harrys going 
to introduce me to Romilda Vane. 

And without another word to her, he pushed his way 
out of the portrait hole. Harry tried to make an 
apologetic face to Lavender, but it might have turned 
out simply amused, because she looked more 
offended than ever as the Fat Lady swung shut 
behind them. 

Harry had been slightly worried that Slughorn might 
be at breakfast, but he answered his office door at the 
first knock, wearing a green velvet dressing gown and 
matching nightcap and looking rather blearyeyed. 

Harry, he mumbled. This is very early for a call. ... I 
generally sleep late on a Saturday. ... 

Professor, Im really sorry to disturb you, said Harry 
as quietly as possible, while Ron stood on tiptoe, 
attempting to see past Slughorn into his room, but 
my friend Rons swallowed a love potion by mistake. 

  444 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You couldnt make him an antidote, could you? Id 
take him to Madam Pomfrey, but were not supposed 
to have anything from Weasleys Wizard Wheezes and, 
you know ... awkward questions ... 

Id have thought you could have whipped him up a 
remedy, Harry, an expert potioneer like you? asked 
Slughorn. 

Er, said Harry, somewhat distracted by the fact that 
Ron was now elbowing him in the ribs in an attempt 
to force his way into the room, well, Ive never mixed 
an antidote for a love potion, sir, and by the time I get 
it right, Ron mightve done something serious   

Helpfully, Ron chose this moment to moan, I cant 
see her, Harry  is he hiding her? 

Was this potion within date? asked Slughorn, now 
eyeing Ron with professional interest. They can 
strengthen, you know, the longer theyre kept. 

That would explain a lot, panted Harry, now 
positively wrestling with Ron to keep him from 
knocking Slughorn over. Its his birthday, Professor, 
he added imploringly. 

Oh, all right, come in, then, come in, said Slughorn, 
relenting. Ive got the necessary here in my bag, its 
not a difficult antidote. ... 

Ron burst through the door into Slughorn s 
overheated, crowded study, tripped over a tasseled 
footstool, regained his balance by seizing Harry 
around the neck, and muttered, She didnt see that, 
did she? 



  445 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Shes not here yet, said Harry, watching Slughorn 
opening his potion kit and adding a few pinches of 
this and that to a small crystal bottle. 

Thats good, said Ron fervently. How do I look? 

Very handsome, said Slughorn smoothly, handing 
Ron a glass of clear liquid. Now drink that up, its a 
tonic for the nerves, keep you calm when she arrives, 
you know. 

Brilliant, said Ron eagerly, and he gulped the 
antidote down noisily. 

Harry and Slughorn watched him. For a moment, Ron 
beamed at them. Then, very slowly, his grin sagged 
and vanished, to be replaced by an expression of 
utmost horror. 

Back to normal, then? said Harry, grinning. 
Slughorn chuckled. Thanks a lot, Professor. 

Dont mention it, mboy, dont mention it, said 
Slughorn, as Ron collapsed into a nearby armchair, 
looking devastated. Pickmeup, thats what he 
needs, Slughorn continued, now bustling over to a 
table loaded with drinks. Ive got butterbeer, Ive got 
wine, Ive got one last bottle of this oakmatured mead 
. . . hmm . . . meant to give that to Dumbledore for 
Christmas ... ah, well ... He shrugged. He cant miss 
what hes never had! Why dont we open it now and 
celebrate Mr. Weasleys birthday? Nothing like a fine 
spirit to chase away the pangs of disappointed love. 



He chortled again, and Harry joined in. This was the 
first time he had found himself almost alone with 
Slughorn since his disastrous first attempt to extract 
the true memory from him. Perhaps, if he could just 

  446 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




keep Slughorn in a good mood . . . perhaps if they got 
through enough of the oakmatured mead . . . 

There you are then, said Slughorn, handing Harry 
and Ron a glass of mead each before raising his own. 
Well, a very happy birthday, Ralph   

Ron   whispered Harry. 

But Ron, who did not appear to be listening to the 
toast, had already thrown the mead into his mouth 
and swallowed it. 

There was one second, hardly more than a heartbeat, 
in which Harry knew there was something terribly 
wrong and Slughorn, it seemed, did not. 

  and may you have many more   

Ron\ 

Ron had dropped his glass; he halfrose from his 
chair and then crumpled, his extremities jerking 
uncontrollably. Foam was dribbling from his mouth, 
and his eyes were bulging from their sockets. 

Professor! Harry bellowed. Do something! 

But Slughorn seemed paralyzed by shock. Ron 
twitched and choked: His skin was turning blue. 

What  but   spluttered Slughorn. 

Harry leapt over a low table and sprinted toward 
Slughorn s open potion kit, pulling out jars and 
pouches, while the terrible sound of Rons gargling 
breath filled the room. Then he found it  the 
shriveled kidneylike stone Slughorn had taken from 
him in Potions. 

  447 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He hurtled back to Rons side, wrenched open his 
jaw, and thrust the bezoar into his mouth. Ron gave a 
great shudder, a rattling gasp, and his body became 
limp and still. 



  448 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   








ELF TAILS 

So, all in all, not one of Rons better birthdays? said 
Fred. 

It was evening; the hospital wing was quiet, the 
windows curtained, the lamps lit. Rons was the only 
occupied bed. Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were 
sitting around him; they had spent all day waiting 
outside the double doors, trying to see inside 
whenever somebody went in or out. Madam Pomfrey 
had only let them enter at eight oclock. Fred and 
George had arrived at ten past. 

This isnt how we imagined handing over our 
present, said George grimly, putting down a large 
wrapped gift on Rons bedside cabinet and sitting 
beside Ginny. 

Yeah, when we pictured the scene, he was 
conscious, said Fred. 

There we were in Hogsmeade, waiting to surprise 
him   said George. 

  449 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



You were in Hogsmeade? asked Ginny, looking up. 

We were thinking of buying Zonkos, said Fred 
gloomily. A Hogsmeade branch, you know, but a fat 
lot of good itll do us if you lot arent allowed out at 
weekends to buy our stuff anymore. ... But never 
mind that now. 

He drew up a chair beside Harry and looked at Rons 
pale face. 

How exactly did it happen, Harry? 

Harry retold the story he had already recounted, it felt 
like a hundred times to Dumbledore, to McGonagall, 
to Madam Pomfrey, to Hermione, and to Ginny. 

"... and then I got the bezoar down his throat and his 
breathing eased up a bit, Slughorn ran for help, 
McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turned up, and they 
brought Ron up here. They reckon hell be all right. 
Madam Pomfrey says hell have to stay here a week or 
so ... keep taking essence of rue ... 

Blimey, it was lucky you thought of a bezoar, said 
George in a low voice. 

Lucky there was one in the room, said Harry, who 
kept turning cold at the thought of what would have 
happened if he had not been able to lay hands on the 
little stone. 

Hermione gave an almost inaudible sniff. She had 
been exceptionally quiet all day. Having hurtled, 
whitefaced, up to Harry outside the hospital wing 
and demanded to know what had happened, she had 
taken almost no part in Harry and Ginnys obsessive 
discussion about how Ron had been poisoned, but 
merely stood beside them, clenchjawed and 
  450 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




frightenedlooking, until at last they had been allowed 
in to see him. 

Do Mum and Dad know? Fred asked Ginny. 

Theyve already seen him, they arrived an hour ago 
 theyre in Dumbledores office now, but theyll be 
back soon. ... 

There was a pause while they all watched Ron 
mumble a little in his sleep. 

So the poison was in the drink? said Fred quietly. 

Yes, said Harry at once; he could think of nothing 
else and was glad for the opportunity to start 
discussing it again. Slughorn poured it out   

Would he have been able to slip something into Rons 
glass without you seeing? 

Probably, said Harry, but why would Slughorn 
want to poison Ron? 

No idea, said Fred, frowning. You dont think he 
could have mixed up the glasses by mistake? Meaning 
to get you? 

Why would Slughorn want to poison Harry? asked 
Ginny. 

I dunno, said Fred, but there must be loads of 
people whod like to poison Harry, mustnt there? The 
Chosen One and all that? 

So you think Slughorn s a Death Eater? said Ginny. 
Anythings possible, said Fred darkly. 



  451 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He could be under the Imperius Curse, said George. 

Or he could be innocent, said Ginny. The poison 
could have been in the bottle, in which case it was 
probably meant for Slughorn himself. 

Whod want to kill Slughorn? 

Dumbledore reckons Voldemort wanted Slughorn on 
his side, said Harry. Slughorn was in hiding for a 
year before he came to Hogwarts. And ... He thought 
of the memory Dumbledore had not yet been able to 
extract from Slughorn. And maybe Voldemort wants 
him out of the way, maybe he thinks he could be 
valuable to Dumbledore. 

But you said Slughorn had been planning to give 
that bottle to Dumbledore for Christmas, Ginny 
reminded him. So the poisoner could just as easily 
have been after Dumbledore. 

Then the poisoner didnt know Slughorn very well, 
said Hermione, speaking for the first time in hours 
and sounding as though she had a bad head cold. 
Anyone who knew Slughorn would have known there 
was a good chance hed keep something that tasty for 
himself. 

Ermynee, croaked Ron unexpectedly from between 
them. 

They all fell silent, watching him anxiously, but after 
muttering incomprehensibly for a moment he merely 
started snoring. 

The dormitory doors flew open, making them all 
jump: Hagrid came striding toward them, his hair 
rainflecked, his bearskin coat flapping behind him, a 



  452 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




crossbow in his hand, leaving a trail of muddy 
dolphinsized footprints all over the floor. 

Bin in the forest all day! he panted. Aragogs worse, 
I bin readin to him  didn get up ter dinner till jus 
now an then Professor Sprout told me abou Ron! 

How is he? 

Not bad, said Harry. They say hell be okay. 

No more than six visitors at a time! said Madam 
Pomfrey, hurrying out of her office. 

Hagrid makes six, George pointed out. 

Oh ... yes ... said Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to 
have been counting Hagrid as several people due to 
his vastness. To cover her confusion, she hurried off 
to clear up his muddy footprints with her wand. 

I don believe this, said Hagrid hoarsely, shaking his 
great shaggy head as he stared down at Ron. Jus 
don believe it ... Look at him lyin there. ... Whod 
want ter hurt him, eh? 

Thats just what we were discussing, said Harry. 

We dont know. 

Someone couldn have a grudge against the 
Gryffindor Quidditch team, could they? said Hagrid 
anxiously. Firs Katie, now Ron ... 

I cant see anyone trying to bump off a Quidditch 
team, said George. 

Wood mightve done the Slytherins if he couldve got 
away with it, said Fred fairly. 



  453 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, I dont think its Quidditch, but I think theres a 
connection between the attacks, said Hermione 
quietly. 

How dyou work that out? asked Fred. 

Well, for one thing, they both ought to have been 
fatal and werent, although that was pure luck. And 
for another, neither the poison nor the necklace 
seems to have reached the person who was supposed 
to be killed. Of course, she added broodingly, that 
makes the person behind this even more dangerous 
in a way, because they dont seem to care how many 
people they finish off before they actually reach their 
victim. 

Before anybody could respond to this ominous 
pronouncement, the dormitory doors opened again 
and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley hurried up the ward. They 
had done no more than satisfy themselves that Ron 
would make a full recovery on their last visit to the 
ward; now Mrs. Weasley seized hold of Harry and 
hugged him very tightly. Dumbledores told us how 
you saved him with the bezoar, she sobbed. Oh, 
Harry, what can we say? You saved Ginny ... you 
saved Arthur ... now youve saved Ron ... 

Dont be ... I didnt ... muttered Harry awkwardly. 

Half our family does seem to owe you their lives, now 
I stop and think about it, Mr. Weasley said in a 
constricted voice. Well, all I can say is that it was a 
lucky day for the Weasleys when Ron decided to sit in 
your compartment on the Hogwarts Express, Harry. 

Harry could not think of any reply to this and was 
almost glad when Madam Pomfrey reminded them 
that there were only supposed to be six visitors 
around Rons bed; he and Hermione rose at once to 

  454 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




leave and Hagrid decided to go with them, leaving Ron 
with his family. 

Its terrible, growled Hagrid into his beard, as the 
three of them walked back along the corridor to the 
marble staircase. All this new security, an kids are 
still gettin hurt. ... Dumbledores worried sick. ... He 
don say much, but I can tell. ... 

Hasnt he got any ideas, Hagrid? asked Hermione 
desperately. 

I spect hes got hundreds of ideas, brain like his, 
said Hagrid. But he doesn know who sent that 
necklace nor put poison in that wine, or theyd ve bin 
caught, wouldn they? Wha worries me, said Hagrid, 
lowering his voice and glancing over his shoulder 
(Harry, for good measure, checked the ceiling for 
Peeves), is how long Hogwarts can stay open if kids 
are bein attacked. Chamber o Secrets all over again, 
isn it? Therell be panic, more parents takin their 
kids outta school, an nex thing yeh know the board 
o governors ... 

Hagrid stopped talking as the ghost of a longhaired 
woman drifted serenely past, then resumed in a 
hoarse whisper, "... the board o governorsll be talkin 
about shuttin us up fer good. 

Surely not? said Hermione, looking worried. 

Gotta see it from their point o view, said Hagrid 
heavily. I mean, its always bin a bit of a risk sendin 
a kid ter Hogwarts, hasn it? Yer expect accidents, 
don yeh, with hundreds of underage wizards all 
locked up tergether, but attempted murder, thas 
diffrent. Sno wonder Dumbledores angry with Sn  



  455 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hagrid stopped in his tracks, a familiar, guilty 
expression on what was visible of his face above his 
tangled black beard. 

What? said Harry quickly. Dumbledores angry with 
Snape? 

I never said tha, said Hagrid, though his look of 
panic could not have been a bigger giveaway. Look at 
the time, its gettin on fer midnight, I need ter   

Hagrid, why is Dumbledore angry with Snape? 

Harry asked loudly. 

Shhhh! said Hagrid, looking both nervous and 
angry. Don shout stuff like that, Harry, dyeh wan 
me ter lose me job? Mind, I don suppose yehd care, 
would yeh, not now yehve given up Care of Mag   

Dont try and make me feel guilty, it wont work! 
said Harry forcefully. Whats Snape done? 

I dunno, Harry, I shouldnta heard it at all! I  well, I 
was cornin outta the forest the other evenin an I 
overheard em talking  well, arguin. Didnt like ter 
draw attention to meself, so I sorta skulked an tried 
not ter listen, but it was a  well, a heated discussion 
an it wasn easy ter block it out. 

Well? Harry urged him, as Hagrid shuffled his 
enormous feet uneasily. 

Well  I jus heard Snape sayin Dumbledore took 
too much fer granted an maybe he  Snape  didn 
wan ter do it anymore   

Do what? 



  456 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I dunno, Harry, it sounded like Snape was feelin a 
bit overworked, thas all  anyway, Dumbledore told 
him flat out hed agreed ter do it an that was all there 
was to it. Pretty firm with him. An then he said 
summat abou Snape makin investigations in his 
House, in Slytherin. Well, theres nothin strange 
abou that! Hagrid added hastily, as Harry and 
Hermione exchanged looks full of meaning. All the 
Heads o Houses were asked ter look inter that 
necklace business   

Yeah, but Dumbledore s not having rows with the 
rest of them, is he? said Harry. 

Look, Hagrid twisted his crossbow uncomfortably in 
his hands; there was a loud splintering sound and it 
snapped in two. I know what yehre like abou Snape, 
Harry, an I don want yeh ter go readin more inter 
this than there is. 

Look out, said Hermione tersely. 

They turned just in time to see the shadow of Argus 
Filch looming over the wall behind them before the 
man himself turned the corner, hunchbacked, his 
jowls aquiver. 

Oho! he wheezed. Out of bed so late, thisll mean 
detention! 

No it won, Filch, said Hagrid shortly. Theyre with 
me, aren they? 

And what difference does that make? asked Filch 
obnoxiously. 

Im a ruddy teacher, aren I, yeh sneakin Squib! 
said Hagrid, firing up at once. 



  457 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There was a nasty hissing noise as Filch swelled with 
fury; Mrs. Norris had arrived, unseen, and was 
twisting herself sinuously around Filchs skinny 
ankles. 

Get goin, said Hagrid out of the corner of his 
mouth. 

Harry did not need telling twice; he and Hermione 
both hurried off; Hagrids and Filchs raised voices 
echoed behind them as they ran. They passed Peeves 
near the turning into Gryffindor Tower, but he was 
streaking happily toward the source of the yelling, 
cackling and calling, 

When theres strife and when theres trouble 
Call on Peevsie, hell make double! 

The Fat Lady was snoozing and not pleased to be 
woken, but swung forward grumpily to allow them to 
clamber into the mercifully peaceful and empty 
common room. It did not seem that people knew 
about Ron yet; Harry was very relieved: He had been 
interrogated enough that day. Hermione bade him 
good night and set off for the girls dormitory. Harry, 
however, remained behind, taking a seat beside the 
fire and looking down into the dying embers. 

So Dumbledore had argued with Snape. In spite of all 
he had told Harry, in spite of his insistence that he 
trusted Snape completely, he had lost his temper with 
him. ... He did not think that Snape had tried hard 
enough to investigate the Slytherins ... or, perhaps, to 
investigate a single Slytherin: Malfoy? 

Was it because Dumbledore did not want Harry to do 
anything foolish, to take matters into his own hands, 
that he had pretended there was nothing in Harrys 
suspicions? That seemed likely. It might even be that 

  458 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore did not want anything to distract Harry 
from their lessons, or from procuring that memory 
from Slughorn. Perhaps Dumbledore did not think it 
right to confide suspicions about his staff to sixteen 
yearolds. ... 

There you are, Potter! 

Harry jumped to his feet in shock, his wand at the 
ready. He had been quite convinced that the common 
room was empty; he had not been at all prepared for 
a hulking figure to rise suddenly out of a distant 
chair. A closer look showed him that it was Cormac 
McLaggen. 

Ive been waiting for you to come back, said 
McLaggen, disregarding Harrys drawn wand. 

Mustve fallen asleep. Look, I saw them taking 
Weasley up to the hospital wing earlier. Didnt look 
like hell be fit for next weeks match. 

It took Harry a few moments to realize what 
McLaggen was talking about. 

Oh ... right ... Quidditch, he said, putting his wand 
back into the belt of his jeans and running a hand 
wearily through his hair. Yeah ... he might not make 
it. 

Well, then, Ill be playing Keeper, wont I? said 
McLaggen. 

Yeah, said Harry. Yeah, I suppose so. ... 

He could not think of an argument against it; after 
all, McLaggen had certainly performed secondbest in 
the trials. 



  459 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Excellent, said McLaggen in a satisfied voice. So 
whens practice? 

What? Oh ... theres one tomorrow evening. 

Good. Listen, Potter, we should have a talk 
beforehand. Ive got some ideas on strategy you might 
find useful. 

Right, said Harry unenthusiastically. Well, Ill hear 
them tomorrow, then. Im pretty tired now ... see you 



The news that Ron had been poisoned spread quickly 
next day, but it did not cause the sensation that 
Katies attack had done. People seemed to think that 
it might have been an accident, given that he had 
been in the Potions masters room at the time, and 
that as he had been given an antidote immediately 
there was no real harm done. In fact, the Gryffindors 
were generally much more interested in the upcoming 
Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, for many of them 
wanted to see Zacharias Smith, who played Chaser on 
the Hufflepuff team, punished soundly for his 
commentary during the opening match against 
Slytherin. 

Harry, however, had never been less interested in 
Quidditch; he was rapidly becoming obsessed with 
Draco Malfoy. Still checking the Marauders Map 
whenever he got a chance, he sometimes made 
detours to wherever Malfoy happened to be, but had 
not yet detected him doing anything out of the 
ordinary. And still there were those inexplicable times 
when Malfoy simply vanished from the map. ... 

But Harry did not get a lot of time to consider the 
problem, what with Quidditch practice, homework, 



  460 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and the fact that he was now being dogged wherever 
he went by Cormac McLaggen and Lavender Brown. 

He could not decide which of them was more 
annoying. McLaggen kept up a constant stream of 
hints that he would make a better permanent Keeper 
for the team than Ron, and that now that Harry was 
seeing him play regularly he would surely come 
around to this way of thinking too; he was also keen 
to criticize the other players and provide Harry with 
detailed training schemes, so that more than once 
Harry was forced to remind him who was Captain. 

Meanwhile, Lavender kept sidling up to Harry to 
discuss Ron, which Harry found almost more wearing 
than McLaggens Quidditch lectures. At first, 

Lavender had been very annoyed that nobody had 
thought to tell her that Ron was in the hospital wing 
 I mean, I am his girlfriend!  but unfortunately 
she had now decided to forgive Harry this lapse of 
memory and was keen to have lots of indepth chats 
with him about Rons feelings, a most uncomfortable 
experience that Harry would have happily forgone. 

Look, why dont you talk to Ron about all this? 

Harry asked, after a particularly long interrogation 
from Lavender that took in everything from precisely 
what Ron had said about her new dress robes to 
whether or not Harry thought that Ron considered his 
relationship with Lavender to be serious. 

Well, I would, but hes always asleep when I go and 
see him! said Lavender fretfully. 

Is he? said Harry, surprised, for he had found Ron 
perfectly alert every time he had been up to the 
hospital wing, both highly interested in the news of 
Dumbledore and Snapes row and keen to abuse 
McLaggen as much as possible. 

  461 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Is Hermione Granger still visiting him? Lavender 
demanded suddenly. 

Yeah, I think so. Well, theyre friends, arent they? 
said Harry uncomfortably. 

Friends, dont make me laugh, said Lavender 
scornfully. She didnt talk to him for weeks after he 
started going out with me! But I suppose she wants to 
make up with him now hes all interesting. ... 

Would you call getting poisoned being interesting? 
asked Harry. Anyway  sorry, got to go  theres 
McLaggen coming for a talk about Quidditch, said 
Harry hurriedly, and he dashed sideways through a 
door pretending to be solid wall and sprinted down 
the shortcut that would take him off to Potions where, 
thankfully, neither Lavender nor McLaggen could 
follow him. 

On the morning of the Quidditch match against 
Hufflepuff, Harry dropped in on the hospital wing 
before heading down to the pitch. Ron was very 
agitated; Madam Pomfrey would not let him go down 
to watch the match, feeling it would overexcite him. 

So hows McLaggen shaping up? he asked Harry 
nervously, apparently forgetting that he had already 
asked the same question twice. 

Ive told you, said Harry patiently, he could be 
worldclass and I wouldnt want to keep him. He 
keeps trying to tell everyone what to do, he thinks he 
could play every position better than the rest of us. I 
cant wait to be shot of him. And speaking of getting 
shot of people, Harry added, getting to his feet and 
picking up his Firebolt, will you stop pretending to 
be asleep when Lavender comes to see you? Shes 
driving me mad as well. 

  462 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh, said Ron, looking sheepish. Yeah. All right. 

If you dont want to go out with her anymore, just tell 
her, said Harry. 

Yeah ... well ... its not that easy, is it? said Ron. He 
paused. Hermione going to look in before the 
match? he added casually. 

No, shes already gone down to the pitch with 
Ginny. 

Oh, said Ron, looking rather glum. Right. Well, 
good luck. Hope you hammer McLag  I mean, 
Smith. 

Ill try, said Harry, shouldering his broom. See you 
after the match. 

He hurried down through the deserted corridors; the 
whole school was outside, either already seated in the 
stadium or heading down toward it. He was looking 
out of the windows he passed, trying to gauge how 
much wind they were facing, when a noise ahead 
made him glance up and he saw Malfoy walking 
toward him, accompanied by two girls, both of whom 
looked sulky and resentful. 

Malfoy stopped short at the sight of Harry, then gave 
a short, humorless laugh and continued walking. 

Where re you going? Harry demanded. 

Yeah, Im really going to tell you, because its your 
business, Potter, sneered Malfoy. Youd better hurry 
up, theyll be waiting for the Chosen Captain  the 
Boy Who Scored  whatever they call you these 
days. 



  463 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




One of the girls gave an unwilling giggle. Harry stared 
at her. She blushed. Malfoy pushed past Harry and 
she and her friend followed at a trot, turning the 
corner and vanishing from view. 

Harry stood rooted on the spot and watched them 
disappear. This was infuriating; he was already 
cutting it fine to get to the match on time and yet 
there was Malfoy, skulking off while the rest of the 
school was absent: Harrys best chance yet of 
discovering what Malfoy was up to. The silent seconds 
trickled past, and Harry remained where he was, 
frozen, gazing at the place where Malfoy had 
vanished. ... 

Where have you been? demanded Ginny, as Harry 
sprinted into the changing rooms. The whole team 
was changed and ready; Coote and Peakes, the 
Beaters, were both hitting their clubs nervously 
against their legs. 

I met Malfoy, Harry told her quietly, as he pulled his 
scarlet robes over his head. 

So? 

So I wanted to know how come hes up at the castle 
with a couple of girlfriends while everyone else is 
down here. ... 

Does it matter right now? 

Well, Im not likely to find out, am I? said Harry, 
seizing his Firebolt and pushing his glasses straight. 
Come on then! 

And without another word, he marched out onto the 
pitch to deafening cheers and boos. 



  464 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There was little wind; the clouds were patchy; every 
now and then there were dazzling flashes of bright 
sunlight. 

Tricky conditions! McLaggen said bracingly to the 
team. Coote, Peakes, youll want to fly out of the sun, 
so they dont see you coming   

Im the Captain, McLaggen, shut up giving them 
instructions, said Harry angrily. Just get up by the 
goal posts! 

Once McLaggen had marched off, Harry turned to 
Coote and Peakes. 

Make sure you do fly out of the sun, he told them 
grudgingly. 

He shook hands with the Hufflepuff Captain, and 
then, on Madam Hoochs whistle, kicked off and rose 
into the air, higher than the rest of his team, 
streaking around the pitch in search of the Snitch. If 
he could catch it good and early, there might be a 
chance he could get back up to the castle, seize the 
Marauders Map, and find out what Malfoy was doing. 



And thats Smith of Hufflepuff with the Quaffle, said 
a dreamy voice, echoing over the grounds. He did the 
commentary last time, of course, and Ginny Weasley 
flew into him, I think probably on purpose, it looked 
like it. Smith was being quite rude about Gryffindor, I 
expect he regrets that now hes playing them  oh, 
look, hes lost the Quaffle, Ginny took it from him, I 
do like her, shes very nice. ... 

Harry stared down at the commentators podium. 
Surely nobody in their right mind would have let 
Luna Lovegood commentate? But even from above 

  465 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




there was no mistaking that long, dirtyblonde hair, 
nor the necklace of butterbeer corks. ... Beside Luna, 
Professor McGonagall was looking slightly 
uncomfortable, as though she was indeed having 
second thoughts about this appointment. 

"... but now that big Hufflepuff players got the 
Quaffle from her, I cant remember his name, its 
something like Bibble  no, Buggins   

Its Cadwallader! said Professor McGonagall loudly 
from beside Luna. The crowd laughed. 

Harry stared around for the Snitch; there was no sign 
of it. Moments later, Cadwallader scored. McLaggen 
had been shouting criticism at Ginny for allowing the 
Quaffle out of her possession, with the result that he 
had not noticed the large red ball soaring past his 
right ear. 

McLaggen, will you pay attention to what youre 
supposed to be doing and leave everyone else alone! 
bellowed Harry, wheeling around to face his Keeper. 

Youre not setting a great example! McLaggen 
shouted back, redfaced and furious. 

And Harry Potters now having an argument with his 
Keeper, said Luna serenely, while both Hufflepuffs 
and Slytherins below in the crowd cheered and jeered. 
I dont think thatll help him find the Snitch, but 
maybe its a clever ruse. ... 

Swearing angrily, Harry spun round and set off 
around the pitch again, scanning the skies for some 
sign of the tiny, winged golden ball. 

Ginny and Demelza scored a goal apiece, giving the 
redandgoldclad supporters below something to 

  466 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




cheer about. Then Cadwallader scored again, making 
things level, but Luna did not seem to have noticed; 
she appeared singularly uninterested in such 
mundane things as the score, and kept attempting to 
draw the crowds attention to such things as 
interestingly shaped clouds and the possibility that 
Zacharias Smith, who had so far failed to maintain 
possession of the Quaffle for longer than a minute, 
was suffering from something called Losers Lurgy. 

Seventyforty to Hufflepuff! barked Professor 
McGonagall into Lunas megaphone. 

Is it, already? said Luna vaguely. Oh, look! The 
Gryffindor Keepers got hold of one of the Beaters 
bats. 

Harry spun around in midair. Sure enough, 

McLaggen, for reasons best known to himself, had 
pulled Peakes s bat from him and appeared to be 
demonstrating how to hit a Bludger toward an 
oncoming Cadwallader. 

 Will you give him back his bat and get back to the goal 
posts! roared Harry, pelting toward McLaggen just as 
McLaggen took a ferocious swipe at the Bludger and 
mishit it. 

A blinding, sickening pain ... a flash of light . . . distant 
screams . . . and the sensation of falling down a long 
tunnel ... 

And the next thing Harry knew, he was lying in a 
remarkably warm and comfortable bed and looking 
up at a lamp that was throwing a circle of golden light 
onto a shadowy ceiling. He raised his head 
awkwardly. There on his left was a familiarlooking, 
freckly, redhaired person. 



  467 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Nice of you to drop in, said Ron, grinning. 

Harry blinked and looked around. Of course: He was 
in the hospital wing. The sky outside was indigo 
streaked with crimson. The match must have finished 
hours ago ... as had any hope of cornering Malfoy. 
Harrys head felt strangely heavy; he raised a hand 
and felt a stiff turban of bandages. 

What happened? 

Cracked skull, said Madam Pomfrey, bustling up 
and pushing him back against his pillows. Nothing to 
worry about, I mended it at once, but Im keeping you 
in overnight. You shouldnt overexert yourself for a 
few hours. 

I dont want to stay here overnight, said Harry 
angrily, sitting up and throwing back his covers. I 
want to find McLaggen and kill him. 

Im afraid that would come under the heading of 
overexertion,  said Madam Pomfrey, pushing him 
firmly back onto the bed and raising her wand in a 
threatening manner. You will stay here until I 
discharge you, Potter, or I shall call the headmaster. 

She bustled back into her office, and Harry sank back 
into his pillows, fuming. 

Dyou know how much we lost by? he asked Ron 
through clenched teeth. 

Well, yeah I do, said Ron apologetically. Final score 
was three hundred and twenty to sixty. 

Brilliant, said Harry savagely. Really brilliant! 

When I get hold of McLaggen   



  468 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You dont want to get hold of him, hes the size of a 
troll, said Ron reasonably. Personally, I think theres 
a lot to be said for hexing him with that toenail thing 
of the Princes. Anyway, the rest of the team mightve 
dealt with him before you get out of here, theyre not 
happy. ... 

There was a note of badly suppressed glee in Rons 
voice; Harry could tell he was nothing short of thrilled 
that McLaggen had messed up so badly. Harry lay 
there, staring up at the patch of light on the ceiling, 
his recently mended skull not hurting, precisely, but 
feeling slightly tender underneath all the bandaging. 

I could hear the match commentary from here, said 
Ron, his voice now shaking with laughter. I hope 
Luna always commentates from now on. ... Losers 
Lurgy ... 

But Harry was still too angry to see much humor in 
the situation, and after a while Rons snorts subsided. 

Ginny came in to visit while you were unconscious, 
he said, after a long pause, and Harrys imagination 
zoomed into overdrive, rapidly constructing a scene in 
which Ginny, weeping over his lifeless form, confessed 
her feelings of deep attraction to him while Ron gave 
them his blessing. ... She reckons you only just 
arrived on time for the match. How come? You left 
here early enough. 

Oh ... said Harry, as the scene in his minds eye 
imploded. Yeah ... well, I saw Malfoy sneaking off 
with a couple of girls who didnt look like they wanted 
to be with him, and thats the second time hes made 
sure he isnt down on the Quidditch pitch with the 
rest of the school; he skipped the last match too, 
remember? Harry sighed. Wish Id followed him 
now, the match was such a fiasco. ... 

  469 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dont be stupid, said Ron sharply. You couldnt 
have missed a Quidditch match just to follow Malfoy, 
youre the Captain! 

I want to know what hes up to, said Harry. And 
dont tell me its all in my head, not after what I 
overheard between him and Snape   

I never said it was all in your head, said Ron, 
hoisting himself up on an elbow in turn and frowning 
at Harry, but theres no rule saying only one person 
at a time can be plotting anything in this place! Youre 
getting a bit obsessed with Malfoy, Harry. I mean, 
thinking about missing a match just to follow him ... 

I want to catch him at it! said Harry in frustration. 

I mean, wheres he going when he disappears off the 
map? 

I dunno . . . Hogsmeade? suggested Ron, yawning. 

Ive never seen him going along any of the secret 
passageways on the map. I thought they were being 
watched now anyway? 

Well then, I dunno, said Ron. 

Silence fell between them. Harry stared up at the 
circle of lamplight above him, thinking. . . . 

If only he had Rufus Scrimgeours power, he would 
have been able to set a tail upon Malfoy, but 
unfortunately Harry did not have an office full of 
Aurors at his command. ... He thought fleetingly of 
trying to set something up with the D.A., but there 
again was the problem that people would be missed 
from lessons; most of them, after all, still had full 
schedules. ... 



  470 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There was a low, rumbling snore from Rons bed. 

After a while Madam Pomfrey came out of her office, 
this time wearing a thick dressing gown. It was 
easiest to feign sleep; Harry rolled over onto his side 
and listened to all the curtains closing themselves as 
she waved her wand. The lamps dimmed, and she 
returned to her office; he heard the door click behind 
her and knew that she was off to bed. 

This was, Harry reflected in the darkness, the third 
time that he had been brought to the hospital wing 
because of a Quidditch injury. Last time he had fallen 
off his broom due to the presence of dementors 
around the pitch, and the time before that, all the 
bones had been removed from his arm by the 
incurably inept Professor Lockhart. ... That had been 
his most painful injury by far ... he remembered the 
agony of regrowing an armful of bones in one night, a 
discomfort not eased by the arrival of an unexpected 
visitor in the middle of the  

Harry sat bolt upright, his heart pounding, his 
bandage turban askew. He had the solution at last: 
There was a way to have Malfoy followed  how could 
he have forgotten, why hadnt he thought of it before? 

But the question was, how to call him? What did you 
do? 

Quietly, tentatively, Harry spoke into the darkness. 
Kreacher? 

There was a very loud crack, and the sounds of 
scuffling and squeaks filled the silent room. Ron 
awoke with a yelp. 

Whats going  ? 



  471 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry pointed his wand hastily at the door of Madam 
Pomfreys office and muttered, MuffliatoV so that she 
would not come running. Then he scrambled to the 
end of his bed for a better look at what was going on. 

Two houseelves were rolling around on the floor in 
the middle of the dormitory, one wearing a shrunken 
maroon jumper and several woolly hats, the other, a 
filthy old rag strung over his hips like a loincloth. 
Then there was another loud bang, and Peeves the 
Poltergeist appeared in midair above the wrestling 
elves. 

I was watching that, Potty! he told Harry 
indignantly, pointing at the fight below, before letting 
out a loud cackle. Look at the ickle creatures 
squabbling, bitey bitey, punchy punchy   

Kreacher will not insult Harry Potter in front of 
Dobby, no he wont, or Dobby will shut Kreachers 
mouth for him! cried Dobby in a highpitched voice. 

  kicky, scratchy! cried Peeves happily, now pelting 
bits of chalk at the elves to enrage them further. 
Tweaky, pokey! 

Kreacher will say what he likes about his master, oh 
yes, and what a master he is, filthy friend of 
Mudbloods, oh, what would poor Kreachers mistress 
say  ? 

Exactly what Kreachers mistress would have said 
they did not find out, for at that moment Dobby sank 
his knobbly little fist into Kreachers mouth and 
knocked out half of his teeth. Harry and Ron both 
leapt out of their beds and wrenched the two elves 
apart, though they continued to try and kick and 
punch each other, egged on by Peeves, who swooped 



  472 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




around the lamp squealing, Stick your fingers up his 
nosey, draw his cork and pull his earsies   

Harry aimed his wand at Peeves and said, Langlockl 
Peeves clutched at his throat, gulped, then swooped 
from the room making obscene gestures but unable to 
speak, owing to the fact that his tongue had just 
glued itself to the roof of his mouth. 

Nice one, said Ron appreciatively, lifting Dobby into 
the air so that his flailing limbs no longer made 
contact with Kreacher. That was another Prince hex, 
wasnt it? 

Yeah, said Harry, twisting Kreachers wizened arm 
into a half nelson. Right  Im forbidding you to fight 
each other! Well, Kreacher, youre forbidden to fight 
Dobby. Dobby, I know Im not allowed to give you 
orders   

Dobby is a free houseelf and he can obey anyone he 
likes and Dobby will do whatever Harry Potter wants 
him to do! said Dobby, tears now streaming down his 
shriveled little face onto his jumper. 

Okay then, said Harry, and he and Ron both 
released the elves, who fell to the floor but did not 
continue fighting. 

Master called me? croaked Kreacher, sinking into a 
bow even as he gave Harry a look that plainly wished 
him a painful death. 

Yeah, I did, said Harry, glancing toward Madam 
Pomfreys office door to check that the Muffliato spell 
was still working; there was no sign that she had 
heard any of the commotion. Ive got a job for you. 



  473 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Kreacher will do whatever Master wants, said 
Kreacher, sinking so low that his lips almost touched 
his gnarled toes, because Kreacher has no choice, 
but Kreacher is ashamed to have such a master, yes 



Dobby will do it, Harry Potter! squeaked Dobby, his 
tennisballsized eyes still swimming in tears. Dobby 
would be honored to help Harry Potter! 

Come to think of it, it would be good to have both of 
you, said Harry. Okay then ... I want you to tail 
Draco Malfoy. 

Ignoring the look of mingled surprise and 
exasperation on Rons face, Harry went on, I want to 
know where hes going, who hes meeting, and what 
hes doing. I want you to follow him around the 
clock. 

Yes, Harry Potter! said Dobby at once, his great eyes 
shining with excitement. And if Dobby does it wrong, 
Dobby will throw himself off the topmost tower, Harry 
Potter! 

There wont be any need for that, said Harry hastily. 

Master wants me to follow the youngest of the 
Malfoys? croaked Kreacher. Master wants me to spy 
upon the pureblood greatnephew of my old 
mistress? 

Thats the one, said Harry, foreseeing a great danger 
and determining to prevent it immediately. And 
youre forbidden to tip him off, Kreacher, or to show 
him what youre up to, or to talk to him at all, or to 
write him messages or ... or to contact him in any 
way. Got it? 



  474 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He thought he could see Kreacher struggling to see a 
loophole in the instructions he had just been given 
and waited. After a moment or two, and to Harrys 
great satisfaction, Kreacher bowed deeply again and 
said, with bitter resentment, Master thinks of 
everything, and Kreacher must obey him even though 
Kreacher would much rather be the servant of the 
Malfoy boy, oh yes. ... 

Thats settled, then, said Harry. Ill want regular 
reports, but make sure Im not surrounded by people 
when you turn up. Ron and Hermione are okay. And 
dont tell anyone what youre doing. Just stick to 
Malfoy like a couple of wart plasters. 



  475 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






LORD VOLDEMORTS REQUEST 

Harry and Ron left the hospital wing first thing on 
Monday morning, restored to full health by the 
ministrations of Madam Pomfrey and now able to 
enjoy the benefits of having been knocked out and 
poisoned, the best of which was that Hermione was 
friends with Ron again. Hermione even escorted them 
down to breakfast, bringing with her the news that 
Ginny had argued with Dean. The drowsing creature 
in Harrys chest suddenly raised its head, sniffing the 
air hopefully. 

What did they row about? he asked, trying to sound 
casual as they turned onto a seventhfloor corridor 
that was deserted but for a very small girl who had 
been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus. She 
looked terrified at the sight of the approaching sixth 
years and dropped the heavy brass scales she was 
carrying. 

Its all right! said Hermione kindly, hurrying forward 
to help her. Here ... 



  476 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



She tapped the broken scales with her wand and 
said, Reparo. The girl did not say thank you, but 
remained rooted to the spot as they passed and 
watched them out of sight; Ron glanced back at her. 

I swear theyre getting smaller, he said. 

Never mind her, said Harry, a little impatiently. 
What did Ginny and Dean row about, Hermione? 

Oh, Dean was laughing about McLaggen hitting that 
Bludger at you, said Hermione. 

It mustve looked funny, said Ron reasonably. 

It didnt look funny at all! said Hermione hotly. It 
looked terrible and if Coote and Peakes hadnt caught 
Harry he could have been very badly hurt! 

Yeah, well, there was no need for Ginny and Dean to 
split up over it, said Harry, still trying to sound 
casual. Or are they still together? 

Yes, they are  but why are you so interested? 
asked Hermione, giving Harry a sharp look. 

I just dont want my Quidditch team messed up 
again! he said hastily, but Hermione continued to 
look suspicious, and he was most relieved when a 
voice behind them called, Harry! giving him an 
excuse to turn his back on her. 

Oh, hi, Luna. 

I went to the hospital wing to find you, said Luna, 
rummaging in her bag. But they said youd left. ... 

She thrust what appeared to be a green onion, a large 
spotted toadstool, and a considerable amount of what 

  477 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




looked like cat litter into Rons hands, finally pulling 
out a rather grubby scroll of parchment that she 
handed to Harry. 

"... Ive been told to give you this. 

It was a small roll of parchment, which Harry 
recognized at once as another invitation to a lesson 
with Dumbledore. 

Tonight, he told Ron and Hermione, once he had 
unrolled it. 

Nice commentary last match! said Ron to Luna as 
she took back the green onion, the toadstool, and the 
cat litter. Luna smiled vaguely. 

Youre making fun of me, arent you? she said. 
Everyone says I was dreadful. 

No, Im serious! said Ron earnestly. I cant 
remember enjoying commentary more! What is this, 
by the way? he added, holding the onionlike object 
up to eye level. 

Oh, its a Gurdyroot, she said, stuffing the cat litter 
and the toadstool back into her bag. You can keep it 
if you like, Ive got a few of them. Theyre really 
excellent for warding off Gulping Plimpies. 

And she walked away, leaving Ron chortling, still 
clutching the Gurdyroot. 

You know, shes grown on me, Luna, he said, as 
they set off again for the Great Hall. I know shes 
insane, but its in a good   



  478 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He stopped talking very suddenly. Lavender Brown 
was standing at the foot of the marble staircase 
looking thunderous. 

Hi, said Ron nervously. 

Cmon, Harry muttered to Hermione, and they sped 
past, though not before they had heard Lavender say, 
Why didnt you tell me you were getting out today? 
And why was she with you? 

Ron looked both sulky and annoyed when he 
appeared at breakfast half an hour later, and though 
he sat with Lavender, Harry did not see them 
exchange a word all the time they were together. 
Hermione was acting as though she was quite 
oblivious to all of this, but once or twice Harry saw an 
inexplicable smirk cross her face. All that day she 
seemed to be in a particularly good mood, and that 
evening in the common room she even consented to 
look over (in other words, finish writing) Harrys 
Herbology essay, something she had been resolutely 
refusing to do up to this point, because she had 
known that Harry would then let Ron copy his work. 

Thanks a lot, Hermione, said Harry, giving her a 
hasty pat on the back as he checked his watch and 
saw that it was nearly eight oclock. Listen, Ive got to 
hurry or Ill be late for Dumbledore. ... 

She did not answer, but merely crossed out a few of 
his feebler sentences in a weary sort of way. Grinning, 
Harry hurried out through the portrait hole and off to 
the headmasters office. The gargoyle leapt aside at 
the mention of toffee eclairs, and Harry took the spiral 
staircase two steps at a time, knocking on the door 
just as a clock within chimed eight. 



  479 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Enter, called Dumbledore, but as Harry put out a 
hand to push the door, it was wrenched open from 
inside. There stood Professor Trelawney. 

Aha! she cried, pointing dramatically at Harry as 
she blinked at him through her magnifying 
spectacles. So this is the reason I am to be thrown 
unceremoniously from your office, Dumbledore! 

My dear Sybill, said Dumbledore in a slightly 
exasperated voice, there is no question of throwing 
you unceremoniously from anywhere, but Harry does 
have an appointment, and I really dont think there is 
any more to be said   

Very well, said Professor Trelawney, in a deeply 
wounded voice. If you will not banish the usurping 
nag, so be it. ... Perhaps I shall find a school where 
my talents are better appreciated. ... 

She pushed past Harry and disappeared down the 
spiral staircase; they heard her stumble halfway 
down, and Harry guessed that she had tripped over 
one of her trailing shawls. 

Please close the door and sit down, Harry, said 
Dumbledore, sounding rather tired. 

Harry obeyed, noticing as he took his usual seat in 
front of Dumbledore s desk that the Pensieve lay 
between them once more, as did two more tiny crystal 
bottles full of swirling memory. 

Professor Trelawney still isnt happy Firenze is 
teaching, then? Harry asked. 

No, said Dumbledore, Divination is turning out to 
be much more trouble than I could have foreseen, 
never having studied the subject myself. I cannot ask 

  480 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Firenze to return to the forest, where he is now an 
outcast, nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave. 
Between ourselves, she has no idea of the danger she 
would be in outside the castle. She does not know  
and I think it would be unwise to enlighten her  
that she made the prophecy about you and 
Voldemort, you see. 

Dumbledore heaved a deep sigh, then said, But 
never mind my staffing problems. We have much 
more important matters to discuss. Firstly  have 
you managed the task I set you at the end of our 
previous lesson? 

Ah, said Harry, brought up short. What with 
Apparition lessons and Quidditch and Ron being 
poisoned and getting his skull cracked and his 
determination to find out what Draco Malfoy was up 
to, Harry had almost forgotten about the memory 
Dumbledore had asked him to extract from Professor 
Slughorn. Well, I asked Professor Slughorn about it 
at the end of Potions, sir, but, er, he wouldnt give it 
to me. 

There was a little silence. 

I see, said Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry 
over the top of his halfmoon spectacles and giving 
Harry the usual sensation that he was being Xrayed. 
And you feel that you have exerted your very best 
efforts in this matter, do you? That you have 
exercised all of your considerable ingenuity? That you 
have left no depth of cunning unplumbed in your 
quest to retrieve the memory? 

Well, Harry stalled, at a loss for what to say next. 

His single attempt to get hold of the memory suddenly 
seemed embarrassingly feeble. Well ... the day Ron 
swallowed love potion by mistake I took him to 

  481 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Professor Slughorn. I thought maybe if I got Professor 
Slughorn in a good enough mood   

And did that work? asked Dumbledore. 

Well, no, sir, because Ron got poisoned   

  which, naturally, made you forget all about trying 
to retrieve the memory; I would have expected nothing 
else, while your best friend was in danger. Once it 
became clear that Mr. Weasley was going to make a 
full recovery, however, I would have hoped that you 
returned to the task I set you. I thought I made it 
clear to you how very important that memory is. 
Indeed, I did my best to impress upon you that it is 
the most crucial memory of all and that we will be 
wasting our time without it. 

A hot, prickly feeling of shame spread from the top of 
Harrys head all the way down his body. Dumbledore 
had not raised his voice, he did not even sound angry, 
but Harry would have preferred him to yell; this cold 
disappointment was worse than anything. 

Sir, he said, a little desperately, it isnt that I wasnt 
bothered or anything, Ive just had other  other 
things ... 

Other things on your mind, Dumbledore finished 
the sentence for him. I see. 

Silence fell between them again, the most 
uncomfortable silence Harry had ever experienced 
with Dumbledore; it seemed to go on and on, 
punctuated only by the little grunting snores of the 
portrait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore s head. 
Harry felt strangely diminished, as though he had 
shrunk a little since he had entered the room. When 
he could stand it no longer he said, Professor 
  482 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore, Im really sorry. I should have done 
more. ... I should have realized you wouldnt have 
asked me to do it if it wasnt really important. 

Thank you for saying that, Harry, said Dumbledore 
quietly. May I hope, then, that you will give this 
matter higher priority from now on? There will be 
little point in our meeting after tonight unless we 
have that memory. 

Ill do it, sir, Ill get it from him, he said earnestly. 

Then we shall say no more about it just now, said 
Dumbledore more kindly, but continue with our 
story where we left off. You remember where that 
was? 

Yes, sir, said Harry quickly. Voldemort killed his 
father and his grandparents and made it look as 
though his Uncle Morfin did it. Then he went back to 
Hogwarts and he asked ... he asked Professor 
Slughorn about Horcruxes, he mumbled 
shamefacedly. 

Very good, said Dumbledore. Now, you will 
remember, I hope, that I told you at the very outset of 
these meetings of ours that we would be entering the 
realms of guesswork and speculation? 

Yes, sir. 

Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you 
reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as 
to what Voldemort did until the age of seventeen? 

Harry nodded. 

But now, Harry, said Dumbledore, now things 
become murkier and stranger. If it was difficult to find 

  483 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




evidence about the boy Riddle, it has been almost 
impossible to find anyone prepared to reminisce 
about the man Voldemort. In fact, I doubt whether 
there is a soul alive, apart from himself, who could 
give us a full account of his life since he left 
Hogwarts. However, I have two last memories that I 
would like to share with you. Dumbledore indicated 
the two little crystal bottles gleaming beside the 
Pensieve. I shall then be glad of your opinion as to 
whether the conclusions I have drawn from them 
seem likely. 

The idea that Dumbledore valued his opinion this 
highly made Harry feel even more deeply ashamed 
that he had failed in the task of retrieving the Horcrux 
memory, and he shifted guiltily in his seat as 
Dumbledore raised the first of the two bottles to the 
light and examined it. 

I hope you are not tired of diving into other peoples 
memories, for they are curious recollections, these 
two, he said. This first one came from a very old 
houseelf by the name of Hokey. Before we see what 
Hokey witnessed, I must quickly recount how Lord 
Voldemort left Hogwarts. 

He reached the seventh year of his schooling with, as 
you might have expected, top grades in every 
examination he had taken. All around him, his 
classmates were deciding which jobs they were to 
pursue once they had left Hogwarts. Nearly everybody 
expected spectacular things from Tom Riddle, prefect, 
Head Boy, winner of the Award for Special Services to 
the School. I know that several teachers, Professor 
Slughorn amongst them, suggested that he join the 
Ministry of Magic, offered to set up appointments, put 
him in touch with useful contacts. He refused all 
offers. The next thing the staff knew, Voldemort was 
working at Borgin and Burkes. 

  484 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




At Borgin and Burkes? Harry repeated, stunned. 



At Borgin and Burkes, repeated Dumbledore calmly. 
I think you will see what attractions the place held 
for him when we have entered Hokeys memory. But 
this was not Voldemorts first choice of job. Hardly 
anyone knew of it at the time  I was one of the few 
in whom the then headmaster confided  but 
Voldemort first approached Professor Dippet and 
asked whether he could remain at Hogwarts as a 
teacher. 

He wanted to stay here? Why? asked Harry, more 
amazed still. 

I believe he had several reasons, though he confided 
none of them to Professor Dippet, said Dumbledore. 
Firstly, and very importantly, Voldemort was, I 
believe, more attached to this school than he has ever 
been to a person. Hogwarts was where he had been 
happiest; the first and only place he had felt at 
home. 

Harry felt slightly uncomfortable at these words, for 
this was exactly how he felt about Hogwarts too. 

Secondly, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. 
Undoubtedly Voldemort had penetrated many more of 
its secrets than most of the students who pass 
through the place, but he may have felt that there 
were still mysteries to unravel, stores of magic to tap. 

And thirdly, as a teacher, he would have had great 
power and influence over young witches and wizards. 
Perhaps he had gained the idea from Professor 
Slughorn, the teacher with whom he was on best 
terms, who had demonstrated how influential a role a 
teacher can play. I do not imagine for an instant that 
Voldemort envisaged spending the rest of his life at 
  485 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hogwarts, but I do think that he saw it as a useful 
recruiting ground, and a place where he might begin 
to build himself an army. 

But he didnt get the job, sir? 

No, he did not. Professor Dippet told him that he was 
too young at eighteen, but invited him to reapply in a 
few years, if he still wished to teach. 

How did you feel about that, sir? asked Harry 
hesitantly. 

Deeply uneasy, said Dumbledore. I had advised 
Armando against the appointment  I did not give 
the reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was 
very fond of Voldemort and convinced of his honesty. 
But I did not want Lord Voldemort back at this 
school, and especially not in a position of power. 

Which job did he want, sir? What subject did he 
want to teach? 

Somehow, Harry knew the answer even before 
Dumbledore gave it. 

Defense Against the Dark Arts. It was being taught at 
the time by an old Professor by the name of Galatea 
Merrythought, who had been at Hogwarts for nearly 
fifty years. 

So Voldemort went off to Borgin and Burkes, and all 
the staff who had admired him said what a waste it 
was, a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a 
shop. However, Voldemort was no mere assistant. 
Polite and handsome and clever, he was soon given 
particular jobs of the type that only exist in a place 
like Borgin and Burkes, which specializes, as you 
know, Harry, in objects with unusual and powerful 
 486 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




properties. Voldemort was sent to persuade people to 
part with their treasures for sale by the partners, and 
he was, by all accounts, unusually gifted at doing 
this. 

Ill bet he was, said Harry, unable to contain 
himself. 

Well, quite, said Dumbledore, with a faint smile. 
And now it is time to hear from Hokey the houseelf, 
who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the 
name of Hepzibah Smith. 

Dumbledore tapped a bottle with his wand, the cork 
flew out, and he tipped the swirling memory into the 
Pensieve, saying as he did so, After you, Harry. 

Harry got to his feet and bent once more over the 
rippling silver contents of the stone basin until his 
face touched them. He tumbled through dark 
nothingness and landed in a sitting room in front of 
an immensely fat old lady wearing an elaborate ginger 
wig and a brilliant pink set of robes that flowed all 
around her, giving her the look of a melting iced cake. 
She was looking into a small jeweled mirror and 
dabbing rouge onto her already scarlet cheeks with a 
large powder puff, while the tiniest and oldest house 
elf Harry had ever seen laced her fleshy feet into tight 
satin slippers. 

Hurry up, Hokey! said Hepzibah imperiously. He 
said hed come at four, its only a couple of minutes to 
and hes never been late yet! 

She tucked away her powder puff as the houseelf 
straightened up. The top of the elfs head barely 
reached the seat of Hepzibah s chair, and her papery 
skin hung off her frame just like the crisp linen sheet 
she wore draped like a toga. 

  487 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




How do I look? said Hepzibah, turning her head to 
admire the various angles of her face in the mirror. 

Lovely, madam, squeaked Hokey. 

Harry could only assume that it was down in Hokeys 
contract that she must lie through her teeth when 
asked this question, because Hepzibah Smith looked 
a long way from lovely in his opinion. 

A tinkling doorbell rang and both mistress and elf 
jumped. 

Quick, quick, hes here, Hokey! cried Hepzibah and 
the elf scurried out of the room, which was so 
crammed with objects that it was difficult to see how 
anybody could navigate their way across it without 
knocking over at least a dozen things: There were 
cabinets full of little lacquered boxes, cases full of 
goldembossed books, shelves of orbs and celestial 
globes, and many flourishing potted plants in brass 
containers. In fact, the room looked like a cross 
between a magical antique shop and a conservatory. 

The houseelf returned within minutes, followed by a 
tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in 
recognizing as Voldemort. He was plainly dressed in a 
black suit; his hair was a little longer than it had 
been at school and his cheeks were hollowed, but all 
of this suited him; he looked more handsome than 
ever. He picked his way through the cramped room 
with an air that showed he had visited many times 
before and bowed low over Hepzibah s fat little hand, 
brushing it with his lips. 

I brought you flowers, he said quietly, producing a 
bunch of roses from nowhere. 



  488 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You naughty boy, you shouldnt have! squealed old 
Hepzibah, though Harry noticed that she had an 
empty vase standing ready on the nearest little table. 
You do spoil this old lady, Tom. ... Sit down, sit 
down. ... Wheres Hokey? Ah ... 

The houseelf had come dashing back into the room 
carrying a tray of little cakes, which she set at her 
mistresss elbow. 

Help yourself, Tom, said Hepzibah, I know how you 
love my cakes. Now, how are you? You look pale. They 
overwork you at that shop, Ive said it a hundred 
times. ... 

Voldemort smiled mechanically and Hepzibah 
simpered. 

Well, whats your excuse for visiting this time? she 
asked, batting her lashes. 

Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for 
the goblinmade armor, said Voldemort. Five 
hundred Galleons, he feels it is a more than fair   

Now, now, not so fast, or Ill think youre only here 
for my trinkets! pouted Hepzibah. 

I am ordered here because of them, said Voldemort 
quietly. I am only a poor assistant, madam, who 
must do as he is told. Mr. Burke wishes me to inquire 



Oh, Mr. Burke, phooey! said Hepzibah, waving a 
little hand. Ive something to show you that Ive never 
shown Mr. Burke! Can you keep a secret, Tom? Will 
you promise you wont tell Mr. Burke Ive got it? Hed 
never let me rest if he knew Id shown it to you, and 
Im not selling, not to Burke, not to anyone! But you, 
  489 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tom, youll appreciate it for its history, not how many 
Galleons you can get for it. 

Id be glad to see anything Miss Hepzibah shows me, 
said Voldemort quietly, and Hepzibah gave another 
girlish giggle. 

I had Hokey bring it out for me. ... Hokey, where are 
you? I want to show Mr. Riddle our finest treasure. ... 
In fact, bring both, while youre at it. ... 

Here, madam, squeaked the houseelf, and Harry 
saw two leather boxes, one on top of the other, 
moving across the room as if of their own volition, 
though he knew the tiny elf was holding them over 
her head as she wended her way between tables, 
pouffes, and footstools. 

Now, said Hepzibah happily, taking the boxes from 
the elf, laying them in her lap, and preparing to open 
the topmost one, I think youll like this, Tom. ... Oh, 
if my family knew I was showing you. ... They cant 
wait to get their hands on this! 

She opened the lid. Harry edged forward a little to get 
a better view and saw what looked like a small golden 
cup with two finely wrought handles. 

I wonder whether you know what it is, Tom? Pick it 
up, have a good look! whispered Hepzibah, and 
Voldemort stretched out a longfingered hand and 
lifted the cup by one handle out of its snug silken 
wrappings. Harry thought he saw a red gleam in his 
dark eyes. His greedy expression was curiously 
mirrored on Hepzibahs face, except that her tiny eyes 
were fixed upon Voldemorts handsome features. 

A badger, murmured Voldemort, examining the 
engraving upon the cup. Then this was ... ? 

  490 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Helga Hufflepuffs, as you very well know, you clever 
boy! said Hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud 
creaking of corsets and actually pinching his hollow 
cheek. Didnt I tell you I was distantly descended? 
This has been handed down in the family for years 
and years. Lovely, isnt it? And all sorts of powers its 
supposed to possess too, but I havent tested them 
thoroughly, I just keep it nice and safe in here. ... 

She hooked the cup back off Voldemorts long 
forefinger and restored it gently to its box, too intent 
upon settling it carefully back into position to notice 
the shadow that crossed Voldemorts face as the cup 
was taken away. 

Now then, said Hepzibah happily, wheres Hokey? 
Oh yes, there you are  take that away now, Hokey. 

The elf obediently took the boxed cup, and Hepzibah 
turned her attention to the much flatter box in her 
lap. 

I think youll like this even more, Tom, she 
whispered. Lean in a little, dear boy, so you can see. 
...Of course, Burke knows Ive got this one, I bought 
it from him, and I daresay hed love to get it back 
when Im gone. ... 

She slid back the fine filigree clasp and flipped open 
the box. There upon the smooth crimson velvet lay a 
heavy golden locket. 

Voldemort reached out his hand, without invitation 
this time, and held it up to the light, staring at it. 

Slytherins mark, he said quietly, as the light played 
upon an ornate, serpentine S. 



  491 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Thats right! said Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at 
the sight of Voldemort gazing at her locket, transfixed. 
I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldnt let 
it pass, not a real treasure like that, had to have it for 
my collection. Burke bought it, apparently, from a 
raggedlooking woman who seemed to have stolen it, 
but had no idea of its true value   

There was no mistaking it this time: Voldemorts eyes 
flashed scarlet at the words, and Harry saw his 
knuckles whiten on the lockets chain. 

  I daresay Burke paid her a pittance but there you 
are. ... Pretty, isnt it? And again, all kinds of powers 
attributed to it, though I just keep it nice and safe. ... 

She reached out to take the locket back. For a 
moment, Harry thought Voldemort was not going to 
let go of it, but then it had slid through his fingers 
and was back in its red velvet cushion. 

So there you are, Tom, dear, and I hope you enjoyed 
that! 

She looked him full in the face and for the first time, 
Harry saw her foolish smile falter. 

Are you all right, dear? 

Oh yes, said Voldemort quietly. Yes, Im very well. 



I thought  but a trick of the light, I suppose   
said Hepzibah, looking unnerved, and Harry guessed 
that she too had seen the momentary red gleam in 
Voldemorts eyes. Here, Hokey, take these away and 
lock them up again. ... The usual enchantments ... 



  492 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Time to leave, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly, and 
as the little elf bobbed away bearing the boxes, 
Dumbledore grasped Harry once again above the 
elbow and together they rose up through oblivion and 
back to Dumbledore s office. 

Hepzibah Smith died two days after that little scene, 
said Dumbledore, resuming his seat and indicating 
that Harry should do the same. Hokey the houseelf 
was convicted by the Ministry of poisoning her 
mistresss evening cocoa by accident. 

No way! said Harry angrily. 

I see we are of one mind, said Dumbledore. 
Certainly, there are many similarities between this 
death and that of the Riddles. In both cases, 
somebody else took the blame, someone who had a 
clear memory of having caused the death   

Hokey confessed? 

She remembered putting something in her mistresss 
cocoa that turned out not to be sugar, but a lethal 
and littleknown poison, said Dumbledore. It was 
concluded that she had not meant to do it, but being 
old and confused   

Voldemort modified her memory, just like he did with 
Morfin! 

Yes, that is my conclusion too, said Dumbledore. 
And, just as with Morfin, the Ministry was 
predisposed to suspect Hokey   

  because she was a houseelf, said Harry. He had 
rarely felt more in sympathy with the society 
Hermione had set up, S.P.E.W. 



  493 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Precisely, said Dumbledore. She was old, she 
admitted to having tampered with the drink, and 
nobody at the Ministry bothered to inquire further. As 
in the case of Morfin, by the time I traced her and 
managed to extract this memory, her life was almost 
over  but her memory, of course, proves nothing 
except that Voldemort knew of the existence of the 
cup and the locket. 

By the time Hokey was convicted, Hepzibahs family 
had realized that two of her greatest treasures were 
missing. It took them a while to be sure of this, for 
she had many hiding places, having always guarded 
her collection most jealously. But before they were 
sure beyond doubt that the cup and the locket were 
both gone, the assistant who had worked at Borgin 
and Burkes, the young man who had visited 
Hepzibah so regularly and charmed her so well, had 
resigned his post and vanished. His superiors had no 
idea where he had gone; they were as surprised as 
anyone at his disappearance. And that was the last 
that was seen or heard of Tom Riddle for a very long 
time. 

Now, said Dumbledore, if you dont mind, Harry, I 
want to pause once more to draw your attention to 
certain points of our story. Voldemort had committed 
another murder; whether it was his first since he 
killed the Riddles, I do not know, but I think it was. 
This time, as you will have seen, he killed not for 
revenge, but for gain. He wanted the two fabulous 
trophies that poor, besotted, old woman showed him. 
Just as he had once robbed the other children at his 
orphanage, just as he had stolen his Uncle Morfin s 
ring, so he ran off now with Hepzibahs cup and 
locket. 

But, said Harry, frowning, it seems mad. ... Risking 
everything, throwing away his job, just for those ... 

  494 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Mad to you, perhaps, but not to Voldemort, said 
Dumbledore. I hope you will understand in due 
course exactly what those objects meant to him, 
Harry, but you must admit that it is not difficult to 
imagine that he saw the locket, at least, as rightfully 
his. 

The locket maybe, said Harry, but why take the 
cup as well? 

It had belonged to another of Hogwartss founders, 
said Dumbledore. I think he still felt a great pull 
toward the school and that he could not resist an 
object so steeped in Hogwarts history. There were 
other reasons, I think. ... I hope to be able to 
demonstrate them to you in due course. 

And now for the very last recollection I have to show 
you, at least until you manage to retrieve Professor 
Slughorns memory for us. Ten years separates 
Hokeys memory and this one, ten years during which 
we can only guess at what Lord Voldemort was doing. 



Harry got to his feet once more as Dumbledore 
emptied the last memory into the Pensieve. 

Whose memory is it? he asked. 

Mine, said Dumbledore. 

And Harry dived after Dumbledore through the 
shifting silver mass, landing in the very office he had 
just left. There was Fawkes slumbering happily on his 
perch, and there behind the desk was Dumbledore, 
who looked very similar to the Dumbledore standing 
beside Harry, though both hands were whole and 
undamaged and his face was, perhaps, a little less 
lined. The one difference between the presentday 
  495 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




office and this one was that it was snowing in the 
past; bluish flecks were drifting past the window in 
the dark and building up on the outside ledge. 

The younger Dumbledore seemed to be waiting for 
something, and sure enough, moments after their 
arrival, there was a knock on the door and he said, 
Enter. 

Harry let out a hastily stifled gasp. Voldemort had 
entered the room. His features were not those Harry 
had seen emerge from the great stone cauldron 
almost two years ago: They were not as snakelike, the 
eyes were not yet scarlet, the face not yet masklike, 
and yet he was no longer handsome Tom Riddle. It 
was as though his features had been burned and 
blurred; they were waxy and oddly distorted, and the 
whites of the eyes now had a permanently bloody 
look, though the pupils were not yet the slits that 
Harry knew they would become. He was wearing a 
long black cloak, and his face was as pale as the 
snow glistening on his shoulders. 

The Dumbledore behind the desk showed no sign of 
surprise. Evidently this visit had been made by 
appointment. 

Good evening, Tom, said Dumbledore easily. Wont 
you sit down? 

Thank you, said Voldemort, and he took the seat to 
which Dumbledore had gestured  the very seat, by 
the looks of it, that Harry had just vacated in the 
present. I heard that you had become headmaster, 
he said, and his voice was slightly higher and colder 
than it had been. A worthy choice. 

I am glad you approve, said Dumbledore, smiling. 
May I offer you a drink? 

  496 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




That would be welcome, said Voldemort. I have 
come a long way. 

Dumbledore stood and swept over to the cabinet 
where he now kept the Pensieve, but which then was 
full of bottles. Having handed Voldemort a goblet of 
wine and poured one for himself, he returned to the 
seat behind his desk. 

So, Tom ... to what do I owe the pleasure? 

Voldemort did not answer at once, but merely sipped 
his wine. 

They do not call me Tom anymore, he said. These 
days, I am known as   

I know what you are known as, said Dumbledore, 
smiling pleasantly. But to me, Im afraid, you will 
always be Tom Riddle. It is one of the irritating things 
about old teachers. I am afraid that they never quite 
forget their charges youthful beginnings. 

He raised his glass as though toasting Voldemort, 
whose face remained expressionless. Nevertheless, 
Harry felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: 
Dumbledores refusal to use Voldemorts chosen 
name was a refusal to allow Voldemort to dictate the 
terms of the meeting, and Harry could tell that 
Voldemort took it as such. 

I am surprised you have remained here so long, said 
Voldemort after a short pause. I always wondered 
why a wizard such as yourself never wished to leave 
school. 

Well, said Dumbledore, still smiling, to a wizard 
such as myself, there can be nothing more important 
than passing on ancient skills, helping hone young 

  497 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




minds. If I remember correctly, you once saw the 
attraction of teaching too. 

I see it still, said Voldemort. I merely wondered why 
you  who are so often asked for advice by the 
Ministry, and who have twice, I think, been offered 
the post of Minister   

Three times at the last count, actually, said 
Dumbledore. But the Ministry never attracted me as 
a career. Again, something we have in common, I 
think. 

Voldemort inclined his head, unsmiling, and took 
another sip of wine. Dumbledore did not break the 
silence that stretched between them now, but waited, 
with a look of pleasant expectancy, for Voldemort to 
talk first. 

I have returned, he said, after a little while, later, 
perhaps, than Professor Dippet expected ... but I have 
returned, nevertheless, to request again what he once 
told me I was too young to have. I have come to you to 
ask that you permit me to return to this castle, to 
teach. I think you must know that I have seen and 
done much since I left this place. I could show and 
tell your students things they can gain from no other 
wizard. 

Dumbledore considered Voldemort over the top of his 
own goblet for a while before speaking. 

Yes, I certainly do know that you have seen and done 
much since leaving us, he said quietly. Rumors of 
your doings have reached your old school, Tom. I 
should be sorry to believe half of them. 



  498 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Voldemort s expression remained impassive as he 
said, Greatness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, 
spite spawns lies. You must know this, Dumbledore. 

You call it greatness, what you have been doing, do 
you? asked Dumbledore delicately. 

Certainly, said Voldemort, and his eyes seemed to 
burn red. I have experimented; I have pushed the 
boundaries of magic further, perhaps, than they have 
ever been pushed   

Of some kinds of magic, Dumbledore corrected him 
quietly. Of some. Of others, you remain ... forgive me 
... woefully ignorant. 

For the first time, Voldemort smiled. It was a taut 
leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of 
rage. 

The old argument, he said softly. But nothing I 
have seen in the world has supported your famous 
pronouncements that love is more powerful than my 
kind of magic, Dumbledore. 

Perhaps you have been looking in the wrong places, 
suggested Dumbledore. 

Well, then, what better place to start my fresh 
researches than here, at Hogwarts? said Voldemort. 
Will you let me return? Will you let me share my 
knowledge with your students? I place myself and my 
talents at your disposal. I am yours to command. 

Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. And what will 
become of those whom you command? What will 
happen to those who call themselves  or so rumor 
has it  the Death Eaters? 



  499 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry could tell that Voldemort had not expected 
Dumbledore to know this name; he saw Voldemorts 
eyes flash red again and the slitlike nostrils flare. 

My friends, he said, after a moments pause, will 
carry on without me, I am sure. 

I am glad to hear that you consider them friends, 
said Dumbledore. I was under the impression that 
they are more in the order of servants. 

You are mistaken, said Voldemort. 

Then if I were to go to the Hogs Head tonight, I 
would not find a group of them  Nott, Rosier, 
Mulciber, Dolohov  awaiting your return? Devoted 
friends indeed, to travel this far with you on a snowy 
night, merely to wish you luck as you attempted to 
secure a teaching post. 

There could be no doubt that Dumbledore s detailed 
knowledge of those with whom he was traveling was 
even less welcome to Voldemort; however, he rallied 
almost at once. 

You are omniscient as ever, Dumbledore. 

Oh no, merely friendly with the local barmen, said 
Dumbledore lightly. Now, Tom ... 

Dumbledore set down his empty glass and drew 
himself up in his seat, the tips of his fingers together 
in a very characteristic gesture. 

Let us speak openly. Why have you come here 
tonight, surrounded by henchmen, to request a job 
we both know you do not want? 



  500 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Voldemort looked coldly surprised. A job I do not 
want? On the contrary, Dumbledore, I want it very 
much. 



Oh, you want to come back to Hogwarts, but you do 
not want to teach any more than you wanted to when 
you were eighteen. What is it youre after, Tom? Why 
not try an open request for once? 

Voldemort sneered. If you do not want to give me a 
job  



Of course I dont, said Dumbledore. And I dont 
think for a moment you expected me to. Nevertheless, 
you came here, you asked, you must have had a 
purpose. 

Voldemort stood up. He looked less like Tom Riddle 
than ever, his features thick with rage. This is your 
final word? 

It is, said Dumbledore, also standing. 

Then we have nothing more to say to each other. 

No, nothing, said Dumbledore, and a great sadness 
filled his face. The time is long gone when I could 
frighten you with a burning wardrobe and force you 
to make repayment for your crimes. But I wish I 
could, Tom. ... I wish I could. ... 

For a second, Harry was on the verge of shouting a 
pointless warning: He was sure that Voldemorts hand 
had twitched toward his pocket and his wand; but 
then the moment had passed, Voldemort had turned 
away, the door was closing, and he was gone. 

Harry felt Dumbledore s hand close over his arm 
again and moments later, they were standing together 

  501 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




on almost the same spot, but there was no snow 
building on the window ledge, and Dumbledores 
hand was blackened and deadlooking once more. 

Why? said Harry at once, looking up into 
Dumbledores face. Why did he come back? Did you 
ever find out? 

I have ideas, said Dumbledore, but no more than 
that. 

What ideas, sir? 

I shall tell you, Harry, when you have retrieved that 
memory from Professor Slughorn, said Dumbledore. 
When you have that last piece of the jigsaw, 
everything will, I hope, be clear ... to both of us. 

Harry was still burning with curiosity and even 
though Dumbledore had walked to the door and was 
holding it open for him, he did not move at once. 

Was he after the Defense Against the Dark Arts job 
again, sir? He didnt say. ... 

Oh, he definitely wanted the Defense Against the 
Dark Arts job, said Dumbledore. The aftermath of 
our little meeting proved that. You see, we have never 
been able to keep a Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher for longer than a year since I refused the post 
to Lord Voldemort. 



  502 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






THE UNKNOWABLE ROOM 

Harry wracked his brains over the next week as to 
how he was to persuade Slughorn to hand over the 
true memory, but nothing in the nature of a brain 
wave occurred and he was reduced to doing what he 
did increasingly these days when at a loss: poring 
over his Potions book, hoping that the Prince would 
have scribbled something useful in a margin, as he 
had done so many times before. 

You wont find anything in there, said Hermione 
firmly, late on Sunday evening. 

Dont start, Hermione, said Harry. If it hadnt been 
for the Prince, Ron wouldnt be sitting here now. 

He would if youd just listened to Snape in our first 
year, said Hermione dismissively. 

Harry ignored her. He had just found an incantation 
( Sectumsempral) scrawled in a margin above the 
intriguing words For Enemies, and was itching to 



  503 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



try it out, but thought it best not to in front of 
Hermione. Instead, he surreptitiously folded down the 
corner of the . 

They were sitting beside the fire in the common room; 
the only other people awake were fellow sixth years. 
There had been a certain amount of excitement earlier 
when they had come back from dinner to find a new 
sign on the notice board that announced the date for 
their Apparition Test. Those who would be seventeen 
on or before the first test date, the twentyfirst of 
April, had the option of signing up for additional 
practice sessions, which would take place (heavily 
supervised) in Hogsmeade. 

Ron had panicked on reading this notice; he had still 
not managed to Apparate and feared he would not be 
ready for the test. Hermione, who had now achieved 
Apparition twice, was a little more confident, but 
Harry, who would not be seventeen for another four 
months, could not take the test whether ready or not. 

At least you can Apparate, though! said Ron tensely. 
Youll have no trouble come July! 

Ive only done it once, Harry reminded him; he had 
finally managed to disappear and rematerialize inside 
his hoop during their previous lesson. 

Having wasted a lot of time worrying aloud about 
Apparition, Ron was now struggling to finish a 
viciously difficult essay for Snape that Harry and 
Hermione had already completed. Harry fully 
expected to receive low marks on his, because he had 
disagreed with Snape on the best way to tackle 
dementors, but he did not care: Slughorns memory 
was the most important thing to him now. 



  504 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tm telling you, the stupid Prince isnt going to be 
able to help you with this, Harry! said Hermione, 
more loudly. Theres only one way to force someone 
to do what you want, and thats the Imperius Curse, 
which is illegal   

Yeah, I know that, thanks, said Harry, not looking 
up from the book. Thats why Im looking for 
something different. Dumbledore says Veritaserum 
wont do it, but there might be something else, a 
potion or a spell. ... 

Youre going about it the wrong way, said Hermione. 
Only you can get the memory, Dumbledore says. 

That must mean you can persuade Slughorn where 
other people cant. Its not a question of slipping him 
a potion, anyone could do that   

How dyou spell belligerent? said Ron, shaking his 
quill very hard while staring at his parchment. It 
cant be B  U  M   

No, it isnt, said Hermione, pulling Rons essay 
toward her. And augury doesnt begin O  R  G 
either. What kind of quill are you using? 

Its one of Fred and Georges SpellCheck ones ... but 
I think the charm must be wearing off. ... 

Yes, it must, said Hermione, pointing at the title of 
his essay, because we were asked how wed deal with 
dementors, not Dugbogs, and I dont remember you 
changing your name to Roonil Wazlib either. 

Ah no! said Ron, staring horrorstruck at the 
parchment. Dont say Ill have to write the whole 
thing out again! 



  505 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Its okay, we can fix it, said Hermione, pulling the 
essay toward her and taking out her wand. 

I love you, Hermione, said Ron, sinking back in his 
chair, rubbing his eyes wearily. 

Hermione turned faintly pink, but merely said, Dont 
let Lavender hear you saying that. 

I wont, said Ron into his hands. Or maybe I will ... 
then shell ditch me ... 

Why dont you ditch her if you want to finish it? 
asked Harry. 

You havent ever chucked anyone, have you? said 
Ron. You and Cho just   

Sort of fell apart, yeah, said Harry 

Wish that would happen with me and Lavender, 
said Ron gloomily, watching Hermione silently 
tapping each of his misspelled words with the end of 
her wand, so that they corrected themselves on the 
. But the more I hint I want to finish it, the 
tighter she holds on. Its like going out with the giant 
squid. 

There, said Hermione, some twenty minutes later, 
handing back Rons essay. 

Thanks a million, said Ron. Can I borrow your quill 
for the conclusion? 

Harry, who had found nothing useful in the Half 
Blood Princes notes so far, looked around; the three 
of them were now the only ones left in the common 
room, Seamus having just gone up to bed cursing 
Snape and his essay. The only sounds were the 
  506 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




crackling of the fire and Ron scratching out one last 
paragraph on dementors using Hermiones quill. 

Harry had just closed the HalfBlood Princes book, 
yawning, when  

Crack. 

Hermione let out a little shriek; Ron spilled ink all 
over his freshly completed essay, and Harry said, 
Kreacher! 

The houseelf bowed low and addressed his own 
gnarled toes. 

Master said he wanted regular reports on what the 
Malfoy boy is doing, so Kreacher has come to give   

Crack. 

Dobby appeared alongside Kreacher, his teacozy hat 
askew. 

Dobby has been helping too, Harry Potter! he 
squeaked, casting Kreacher a resentful look. And 
Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when he is coming to 
see Harry Potter so they can make their reports 
together! 

What is this? asked Hermione, still looking shocked 
by these sudden appearances. Whats going on, 
Harry? 

Harry hesitated before answering, because he had not 
told Hermione about setting Kreacher and Dobby to 
tail Malfoy; houseelves were always such a touchy 
subject with her. 

Well ... theyve been following Malfoy for me, he 
said. 

  507 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Night and day, croaked Kreacher. 

Dobby has not slept for a week, Harry Potter! said 
Dobby proudly, swaying where he stood. 

Hermione looked indignant. 

You havent slept, Dobby? But surely, Harry, you 
didnt tell him not to   

No, of course I didnt, said Harry quickly. Dobby, 
you can sleep, all right? But has either of you found 
out anything? he hastened to ask, before Hermione 
could intervene again. 

Master Malfoy moves with a nobility that befits his 
pure blood, croaked Kreacher at once. His features 
recall the fine bones of my mistress and his manners 
are those of   

Draco Malfoy is a bad boy! squeaked Dobby angrily. 
A bad boy who  who   

He shuddered from the tassel of his tea cozy to the 
toes of his socks and then ran at the fire, as though 
about to dive into it; Harry, to whom this was not 
entirely unexpected, caught him around the middle 
and held him fast. For a few seconds Dobby 
struggled, then went limp. 

Thank you, Harry Potter, he panted. Dobby still 
finds it difficult to speak ill of his old masters. ... 

Harry released him; Dobby straightened his tea cozy 
and said defiantly to Kreacher, But Kreacher should 
know that Draco Malfoy is not a good master to a 
houseelf! 



  508 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yeah, we dont need to hear about you being in love 
with Malfoy, Harry told Kreacher. Lets fast forward 
to where hes actually been going. 

Kreacher bowed again, looking furious, and then said, 
Master Malfoy eats in the Great Hall, he sleeps in a 
dormitory in the dungeons, he attends his classes in 
a variety of   

Dobby, you tell me, said Harry, cutting across 
Kreacher. Has he been going anywhere he shouldnt 
have? 

Harry Potter, sir, squeaked Dobby, his great orblike 
eyes shining in the firelight, the Malfoy boy is 
breaking no rules that Dobby can discover, but he is 
still keen to avoid detection. He has been making 
regular visits to the seventh floor with a variety of 
other students, who keep watch for him while he 
enters   

The Room of Requirement! said Harry, smacking 
himself hard on the forehead with Advanced Potion 
Making. Hermione and Ron stared at him. Thats 
where hes been sneaking off to! Thats where hes 
doing ... whatever hes doing! And I bet thats why 
hes been disappearing off the map  come to think 
of it, Ive never seen the Room of Requirement on 
there! 

Maybe the Marauders never knew the room was 
there, said Ron. 

I think itll be part of the magic of the room, said 
Hermione. If you need it to be Unplottable, it will be. 

Dobby, have you managed to get in to have a look at 
what Malfoys doing? said Harry eagerly. 



  509 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, Harry Potter, that is impossible, said Dobby. 



No, its not, said Harry at once. Malfoy got into our 
headquarters there last year, so Ill be able to get in 
and spy on him, no problem. 

But I dont think you will, Harry, said Hermione 
slowly. Malfoy already knew exactly how we were 
using the room, didnt he, because that stupid 
Marietta had blabbed. He needed the room to become 
the headquarters of the D.A., so it did. But you dont 
know what the room becomes when Malfoy goes in 
there, so you dont know what to ask it to transform 
into. 

Therell be a way around that, said Harry 
dismissively. Youve done brilliantly, Dobby. 

Kreachers done well too, said Hermione kindly; but 
far from looking grateful, Kreacher averted his huge, 
bloodshot eyes and croaked at the ceiling, The 
Mudblood is speaking to Kreacher, Kreacher will 
pretend he cannot hear   

Get out of it, Harry snapped at him, and Kreacher 
made one last deep bow and Disapparated. Youd 
better go and get some sleep too, Dobby. 

Thank you, Harry Potter, sir! squeaked Dobby 
happily, and he too vanished. 

How goods this? said Harry enthusiastically, 
turning to Ron and Hermione the moment the room 
was elffree again. We know where Malfoys going! 
Weve got him cornered now! 

Yeah, its great, said Ron glumly, who was 
attempting to mop up the sodden mass of ink that 
had recently been an almost completed essay. 

  510 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Hermione pulled it toward her and began siphoning 
the ink off with her wand. 

But whats all this about him going up there with a 
Variety of students? said Hermione. How many 
people are in on it? You wouldnt think hed trust lots 
of them to know what hes doing. ... 

Yeah, that is weird, said Harry, frowning. I heard 
him telling Crabbe it wasnt Crabbes business what 
he was doing ... so whats he telling all these ... all 
these ... 

Harrys voice tailed away; he was staring at the fire. 

God, Ive been stupid, he said quietly. Its obvious, 
isnt it? There was a great vat of it down in the 
dungeon. ... He couldve nicked some any time during 
that lesson. ... 

Nicked what? said Ron. 

Polyjuice Potion. He stole some of the Polyjuice 
Potion Slughorn showed us in our first Potions 
lesson. ... There arent a whole variety of students 
standing guard for Malfoy ... its just Crabbe and 
Goyle as usual. ... Yeah, it all fits! said Harry, 
jumping up and starting to pace in front of the fire. 
Theyre stupid enough to do what theyre told even if 
he wont tell them what hes up to ... but he doesnt 
want them to be seen lurking around outside the 
Room of Requirement, so hes got them taking 
Polyjuice to make them look like other people. ... 
Those two girls I saw him with when he missed 
Quidditch  ha! Crabbe and Goyle! 

Do you mean to say, said Hermione in a hushed 
voice, that that little girl whose scales I repaired  ? 



  511 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yeah, of course! said Harry loudly, staring at her. 
Of course! Malfoy mustve been inside the room at 
the time, so she  what am I talking about?  he 
dropped the scales to tell Malfoy not to come out, 
because there was someone there! And there was that 
girl who dropped the toadspawn too! Weve been 
walking past him all the time and not realizing it! 

Hes got Crabbe and Goyle transforming into girls? 
guffawed Ron. Blimey ... No wonder they dont look 
too happy these days. ... Im surprised they dont tell 
him to stuff it. ... 

Well, they wouldnt, would they, if hes shown them 
his Dark Mark? said Harry. 

Hmmm ... the Dark Mark we dont know exists, said 
Hermione skeptically, rolling up Rons dried essay 
before it could come to any more harm and handing it 
to him. 

Well see, said Harry confidently. 

Yes, we will, Hermione said, getting to her feet and 
stretching. But, Harry, before you get all excited, I 
still dont think youll be able to get into the Room of 
Requirement without knowing whats there first. And 
I dont think you should forget  she heaved her bag 
onto her shoulder and gave him a very serious look  
that what youre supposed to be concentrating on is 
getting that memory from Slughorn. Good night. 

Harry watched her go, feeling slightly disgruntled. 
Once the door to the girls dormitories had closed 
behind her he rounded on Ron. 

What dyou think? 



  512 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Wish I could Disapparate like a houseelf, said Ron, 
staring at the spot where Dobby had vanished. Id 
have that Apparition Test in the bag. 

Harry did not sleep well that night. He lay awake for 
what felt like hours, wondering how Malfoy was using 
the Room of Requirement and what he, Harry, would 
see when he went in there the following day, for 
whatever Hermione said, Harry was sure that if 
Malfoy had been able to see the headquarters of the 
D.A., he would be able to see Malfoy s ... what could it 
be? A meeting place? A hideout? A storeroom? A 
workshop? Harrys mind worked feverishly and his 
dreams, when he finally fell asleep, were broken and 
disturbed by images of Malfoy, who turned into 
Slughorn, who turned into Snape. ... 

Harry was in a state of great anticipation over 
breakfast the following morning; he had a free period 
before Defense Against the Dark Arts and was 
determined to spend it trying to get into the Room of 
Requirement. Hermione was rather ostentatiously 
showing no interest in his whispered plans for forcing 
entry into the room, which irritated Harry, because he 
thought she might be a lot of help if she wanted to. 

Look, he said quietly, leaning forward and putting a 
hand on the Daily Prophet, which she had just 
removed from a post owl, to stop her from opening it 
and vanishing behind it. I havent forgotten about 
Slughorn, but I havent got a clue how to get that 
memory off him, and until I get a brain wave why 
shouldnt I find out what Malfoys doing? 

Ive already told you, you need to persuade 
Slughorn, said Hermione. Its not a question of 
tricking him or bewitching him, or Dumbledore could 
have done it in a second. Instead of messing around 
outside the Room of Requirement  she jerked the 
  513 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Prophet out from under Harrys hand and unfolded it 
to look at the front   you should go and find 
Slughorn and start appealing to his better nature. 

Anyone we know  ? asked Ron, as Hermione 
scanned the headlines. 

Yes! said Hermione, causing both Harry and Ron to 
gag on their breakfast. But its all right, hes not 
dead  its Mundungus, hes been arrested and sent 
to Azkaban! Something to do with impersonating an 
Inferius during an attempted burglary . . . and 
someone called Octavius Pepper has vanished. ... Oh, 
and how horrible, a nineyearold boy has been 
arrested for trying to kill his grandparents, they think 
he was under the Imperius Curse. ... 

They finished their breakfast in silence. Hermione set 
off immediately for Ancient Runes; Ron for the 
common room, where he still had to finish his 
conclusion on Snapes dementor essay; and Harry for 
the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of 
wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy 
teaching trolls to do ballet. 

Harry slipped on his Invisibility Cloak once he had 
found an empty passage, but he need not have 
bothered. When he reached his destination he found 
it deserted. Harry was not sure whether his chances 
of getting inside the room were better with Malfoy 
inside it or out, but at least his first attempt was not 
going to be complicated by the presence of Crabbe or 
Goyle pretending to be an elevenyearold girl. 

He closed his eyes as he approached the place where 
the Room of Requirements door was concealed. He 
knew what he had to do; he had become most 
accomplished at it last year. Concentrating with all 
his might he thought, I need to see what Malfoy s 
  514 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




doing in here. ... I need to see what Malfoys doing in 
here. ... I need to see what Malfoys doing in here. ... 

Three times he walked past the door; then, his heart 
pounding with excitement, he opened his eyes and 
faced it  

But he was still looking at a stretch of mundanely 
blank wall. 

He moved forward and gave it an experimental push. 
The stone remained solid and unyielding. 

Okay, said Harry aloud. Okay ... I thought the 
wrong thing. ... 

He pondered for a moment then set off again, eyes 
closed, concentrating as hard as he could. 

I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming 
secretly. ... I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps 
coming secretly. . . . 

After three walks past, he opened his eyes 
expectantly. 

There was no door. 

Oh, come off it, he told the wall irritably. That was 
a clear instruction. ... Fine ... 

He thought hard for several minutes before striding 
off once more. 

I need you to become the place you become for Draco 
Malfoy. ... 

He did not immediately open his eyes when he had 
finished his patrolling; he was listening hard, as 

  515 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




though he might hear the door pop into existence. He 
heard nothing, however, except the distant twittering 
of birds outside. He opened his eyes. 

There was still no door. 

Harry swore. Someone screamed. He looked around to 
see a gaggle of first years running back around the 
corner, apparently under the impression that they 
had just encountered a particularly foulmouthed 
ghost. 

Harry tried every variation of I need to see what 
Draco Malfoy is doing inside you that he could think 
of for a whole hour, at the end of which he was forced 
to concede that Hermione might have had a point: 

The room simply did not want to open for him. 
Frustrated and annoyed, he set off for Defense 
Against the Dark Arts, pulling off his Invisibility Cloak 
and stuffing it into his bag as he went. 

Late again, Potter, said Snape coldly, as Harry 
hurried into the candlelit classroom. Ten points from 
Gryffindor. 

Harry scowled at Snape as he flung himself into the 
seat beside Ron; half the class was still on its feet, 
taking out books and organizing their things; he 
could not be much later than any of them. 

Before we start, I want your dementor essays, said 
Snape, waving his wand carelessly, so that twenty 
five scrolls of parchment soared into the air and 
landed in a neat pile on his desk. And I hope for your 
sakes they are better than the tripe I had to endure 
on resisting the Imperius Curse. Now, if you will all 
open your books to   what is it, Mr. Finnigan? 



  516 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Sir, said Seamus, Ive been wondering, how do you 
tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost? 
Because there was something in the paper about an 
Inferius   

No, there wasnt, said Snape in a bored voice. 

But sir, I heard people talking   

If you had actually read the article in question, Mr. 
Finnigan, you would have known that the socalled 
Inferius was nothing but a smelly sneak thief by the 
name of Mundungus Fletcher. 

I thought Snape and Mundungus were on the same 
side, muttered Harry to Ron and Hermione. 
Shouldnt he be upset Mundungus has been arrest 



But Potter seems to have a lot to say on the subject, 
said Snape, pointing suddenly at the back of the 
room, his black eyes fixed on Harry Let us ask Potter 
how we would tell the difference between an Inferius 
and a ghost. 

The whole class looked around at Harry, who hastily 
tried to recall what Dumbledore had told him the 
night that they had gone to visit Slughorn. 

Er  well  ghosts are transparent   he said. 

Oh, very good, interrupted Snape, his lip curling. 
Yes, it is easy to see that nearly six years of magical 
education have not been wasted on you, Potter. 
Ghosts are transparent.  

Pansy Parkinson let out a highpitched giggle. Several 
other people were smirking. Harry took a deep breath 
and continued calmly, though his insides were 

  517 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




boiling, Yeah, ghosts are transparent, but Inferi are 
dead bodies, arent they? So theyd be solid   

A fiveyearold could have told us as much, sneered 
Snape. The Inferius is a corpse that has been 
reanimated by a Dark wizards spells. It is not alive, it 
is merely used like a puppet to do the wizards 
bidding. A ghost, as I trust that you are all aware by 
now, is the imprint of a departed soul left upon the 
earth ... and of course, as Potter so wisely tells us, 
transparent. 

Well, what Harry said is the most useful if were 
trying to tell them apart! said Ron. When we come 
facetoface with one down a dark alley, were going to 
be having a shufti to see if its solid, arent we, were 
not going to be asking, Excuse me, are you the 
imprint of a departed soul?  

There was a ripple of laughter, instantly quelled by 
the look Snape gave the class. 

Another ten points from Gryffindor, said Snape. I 
would expect nothing more sophisticated from you, 
Ronald Weasley, the boy so solid he cannot Apparate 
half an inch across a room. 

IVo! whispered Hermione, grabbing Harrys arm as 
he opened his mouth furiously. Theres no point, 
youll just end up in detention again, leave it! 

Now open your books to  two hundred and 
thirteen, said Snape, smirking a little, and read the 
first two paragraphs on the Cruciatus Curse. ... 

Ron was very subdued all through the class. When 
the bell sounded at the end of the lesson, Lavender 
caught up with Ron and Harry (Hermione 
mysteriously melted out of sight as she approached) 

  518 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and abused Snape hotly for his jibe about Rons 
Apparition, but this seemed to merely irritate Ron, 
and he shook her off by making a detour into the 
boys bathroom with Harry. 

Snapes right, though, isnt he? said Ron, after 
staring into a cracked mirror for a minute or two. I 
dunno whether its worth me taking the test. I just 
cant get the hang of Apparition. 

You might as well do the extra practice sessions in 
Hogsmeade and see where they get you, said Harry 
reasonably. Itll be more interesting than trying to get 
into a stupid hoop anyway. Then, if youre still not  
you know  as good as youd like to be, you can 
postpone the test, do it with me over the summ  
Myrtle, this is the boys bathroom! 

The ghost of a girl had risen out of the toilet in a 
cubicle behind them and was now floating in midair, 
staring at them through thick, white, round glasses. 

Oh, she said glumly. Its you two. 

Who were you expecting? said Ron, looking at her in 
the mirror. 

Nobody, said Myrtle, picking moodily at a spot on 
her chin. He said hed come back and see me, but 
then you said youd pop in and visit me too  she 
gave Harry a reproachful look  and I havent seen 
you for months and months. Ive learned not to expect 
too much from boys. 

I thought you lived in that girls bathroom? said 
Harry, who had been careful to give the place a wide 
berth for some years now. 



  519 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I do, she said, with a sulky little shrug, but that 
doesnt mean I cant visit other places. I came and 
saw you in your bath once, remember? 

Vividly, said Harry. 

But I thought he liked me, she said plaintively. 
Maybe if you two left, hed come back again. ... We 
had lots in common. ... Im sure he felt it. ... 

And she looked hopefully toward the door. 

When you say you had lots in common, said Ron, 
sounding rather amused now, dyou mean he lives in 
an Sbend too? 

No, said Myrtle defiantly, her voice echoing loudly 
around the old tiled bathroom. I mean hes sensitive, 
people bully him too, and he feels lonely and hasnt 
got anybody to talk to, and hes not afraid to show his 
feelings and cry! 

Theres been a boy in here crying? said Harry 
curiously. A young boy? 

Never you mind! said Myrtle, her small, leaky eyes 
fixed on Ron, who was now definitely grinning. I 
promised I wouldnt tell anyone, and Ill take his 
secret to the   

  not the grave, surely? said Ron with a snort. The 
sewers, maybe ... 

Myrtle gave a howl of rage and dived back into the 
toilet, causing water to slop over the sides and onto 
the floor. Goading Myrtle seemed to have put fresh 
heart into Ron. 



  520 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Youre right, he said, swinging his schoolbag back 
over his shoulder, Ill do the practice sessions in 
Hogsmeade before I decide about taking the test. 

And so the following weekend, Ron joined Hermione 
and the rest of the sixth years who would turn 
seventeen in time to take the test in a fortnight. Harry 
felt rather jealous watching them all get ready to go 
into the village; he missed making trips there, and it 
was a particularly fine spring day, one of the first 
clear skies they had seen in a long time. However, he 
had decided to use the time to attempt another 
assault on the Room of Requirement. 

Youd do better, said Hermione, when he confided 
this plan to Ron and her in the entrance hall, to go 
straight to Slughorns office and try and get that 
memory from him. 

Ive been trying! said Harry crossly, which was 
perfectly true. He had lagged behind after every 
Potions lesson that week in an attempt to corner 
Slughorn, but the Potions master always left the 
dungeon so fast that Harry had not been able to catch 
him. Twice, Harry had gone to his office and knocked, 
but received no reply, though on the second occasion 
he was sure he had heard the quickly stifled sounds 
of an old gramophone. 

He doesnt want to talk to me, Hermione! He can tell 
Ive been trying to get him on his own again, and hes 
not going to let it happen! 

Well, youve just got to keep at it, havent you? 

The short queue of people waiting to file past Filch, 
who was doing his usual prodding act with the 
Secrecy Sensor, moved forward a few steps and Harry 
did not answer in case he was overheard by the 

  521 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




caretaker. He wished Ron and Hermione both luck, 
then turned and climbed the marble staircase again, 
determined, whatever Hermione said, to devote an 
hour or two to the Room of Requirement. 

Once out of sight of the entrance hall, Harry pulled 
the Marauders Map and his Invisibility Cloak from 
his bag. Having concealed himself, he tapped the 
map, murmured,  I solemnly swear that I am up to no 
good, and scanned it carefully. 

As it was Sunday morning, nearly all the students 
were inside their various common rooms, the 
Gryffindors in one tower, the Ravenclaws in another, 
the Slytherins in the dungeons, and the Hufflepuffs in 
the basement near the kitchens. Here and there a 
stray person meandered around the library or up a 
corridor. . . . There were a few people out in the 
grounds ... and there, alone in the seventhfloor 
corridor, was Gregory Goyle. There was no sign of the 
Room of Requirement, but Harry was not worried 
about that; if Goyle was standing guard outside it, the 
room was open, whether the map was aware of it or 
not. He therefore sprinted up the stairs, slowing down 
only when he reached the corner into the corridor, 
when he began to creep, very slowly, toward the very 
same little girl, clutching her heavy brass scales, that 
Hermione had so kindly helped a fortnight before. He 
waited until he was right behind her before bending 
very low and whispering, Hello ... youre very pretty, 
arent you? 

Goyle gave a highpitched scream of terror, threw the 
scales up into the air, and sprinted away, vanishing 
from sight long before the sound of the scales 
smashing had stopped echoing around the corridor. 
Laughing, Harry turned to contemplate the blank wall 
behind which, he was sure, Draco Malfoy was now 
standing frozen, aware that someone unwelcome was 
  522 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




out there, but not daring to make an appearance. It 
gave Harry a most agreeable feeling of power as he 
tried to remember what form of words he had not yet 
tried. 

Yet this hopeful mood did not last long. Half an hour 
later, having tried many more variations of his 
request to see what Malfoy was up to, the wall was 
just as doorless as ever. Harry felt frustrated beyond 
belief; Malfoy might be just feet away from him, and 
there was still not the tiniest shred of evidence as to 
what he was doing in there. Losing his patience 
completely, Harry ran at the wall and kicked it. 

OUCH! 

He thought he might have broken his toe; as he 
clutched it and hopped on one foot, the Invisibility 
Cloak slipped off him. 

Harry? 

He spun around, onelegged, and toppled over. There, 
to his utter astonishment, was Tonks, walking toward 
him as though she frequently strolled up this 
corridor. 

Whatre you doing here? he said, scrambling to his 
feet again; why did she always have to find him lying 
on the floor? 

I came to see Dumbledore, said Tonks. 

Harry thought she looked terrible: thinner than 
usual, her mousecolored hair lank. 

His office isnt here, said Harry, its round the other 
side of the castle, behind the gargoyle   



  523 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I know, said Tonks. Hes not there. Apparently hes 
gone away again. 

Has he? said Harry, putting his bruised foot gingerly 
back on the floor. Hey  you dont know where he 
goes, I suppose? 

No, said Tonks. 

What did you want to see him about? 

Nothing in particular, said Tonks, picking, 
apparently unconsciously, at the sleeve of her robe. I 
just thought he might know whats going on. ... Ive 
heard rumors ... people getting hurt ... 

Yeah, I know, its all been in the papers, said Harry. 
That little kid trying to kill his   

The Prophets often behind the times, said Tonks, 
who didnt seem to be listening to him. You havent 
had any letters from anyone in the Order recently? 

No one from the Order writes to me anymore, said 
Harry, not since Sirius   

He saw that her eyes had filled with tears. 

Im sorry, he muttered awkwardly. I mean ... I miss 
him, as well. ... 

What? said Tonks blankly, as though she had not 
heard him. Well ... Ill see you around, Harry ... 

And she turned abruptly and walked back down the 
corridor, leaving Harry to stare after her. After a 
minute or so, he pulled the Invisibility Cloak on again 
and resumed his efforts to get into the Room of 
Requirement, but his heart was not in it. Finally, a 
  524 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




hollow feeling in his stomach and the knowledge that 
Ron and Hermione would soon be back for lunch 
made him abandon the attempt and leave the corridor 
to Malfoy who, hopefully, would be too afraid to leave 
for some hours to come. 

He found Ron and Hermione in the Great Hall, 
already halfway through an early lunch. 

I did it  well, kind of! Ron told Harry 
enthusiastically when he caught sight of him. I was 
supposed to be Apparating to outside Madam 
Puddifoots Tea Shop and I overshot it a bit, ended up 
near Scrivenshafts, but at least I moved! 

Good one, said Harry. Howd you do, Hermione? 

Oh, she was perfect, obviously, said Ron, before 
Hermione could answer. Perfect deliberation, 
divination, and desperation or whatever the hell it is 
 we all went for a quick drink in the Three 
Broomsticks after and you shouldve heard Twycross 
going on about her  Ill be surprised if he doesnt 
pop the question soon   

And what about you? asked Hermione, ignoring 
Ron. Have you been up at the Room of Requirement 
all this time? 

Yep, said Harry. And guess who I ran into up 
there? Tonks! 

Tonks? repeated Ron and Hermione together, 
looking surprised. 

Yeah, she said shed come to visit Dumbledore. ... 

If you ask me, said Ron once Harry had finished 
describing his conversation with Tonks, shes 

  525 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




cracking up a bit. Losing her nerve after what 
happened at the Ministry. 

Its a bit odd, said Hermione, who for some reason 
looked very concerned. Shes supposed to be 
guarding the school, whys she suddenly abandoning 
her post to come and see Dumbledore when hes not 
even here? 

I had a thought, said Harry tentatively. He felt 
strange about voicing it; this was much more 
Hermiones territory than his. You dont think she 
can have been . . . you know ... in love with Sirius? 

Hermione stared at him. 

What on earth makes you say that? 

I dunno, said Harry, shrugging, but she was nearly 
crying when I mentioned his name . . . and her 
Patronus is a big fourlegged thing now. ... I wondered 
whether it hadnt become ... you know ... him. 

Its a thought, said Hermione slowly. But I still 
dont know why shed be bursting into the castle to 
see Dumbledore, if thats really why she was here. ... 

Goes back to what I said, doesnt it? said Ron, who 
was now shoveling mashed potato into his mouth. 
Shes gone a bit funny. Lost her nerve. Women, he 
said wisely to Harry, theyre easily upset. 

And yet, said Hermione, coming out of her reverie, I 
doubt youd find a woman who sulked for half an 
hour because Madam Rosmerta didnt laugh at their 
joke about the hag, the Healer, and the Mimbulus 
mimbletonia. 

Ron scowled. 

  526 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






AFTER THE BURIAL 

Patches of bright blue sky were beginning to appear 
over the castle turrets, but these signs of approaching 
summer did not lift Harrys mood. He had been 
thwarted, both in his attempts to find out what 
Malfoy was doing, and in his efforts to start a 
conversation with Slughorn that might lead, 
somehow, to Slughorn handing over the memory he 
had apparently suppressed for decades. 

For the last time, just forget about Malfoy, Hermione 
told Harry firmly. 

They were sitting with Ron in a sunny corner of the 
courtyard after lunch. Hermione and Ron were both 
clutching a Ministry of Magic leaflet  Common 
Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Them  for 
they were taking their tests that very afternoon, but 
by and large the leaflets had not proved soothing to 
the nerves. 



  527 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Ron gave a start and tried to hide behind Hermione as 
a girl came around the corner. 

It isnt Lavender, said Hermione wearily. 

Oh, good, said Ron, relaxing. 

Harry Potter? said the girl. I was asked to give you 
this. 

Thanks ... 

Harrys heart sank as he took the small scroll of 
parchment. Once the girl was out of earshot he said, 
Dumbledore said we wouldnt be having any more 
lessons until I got the memory! 

Maybe he wants to check on how youre doing? 
suggested Hermione, as Harry unrolled the 
parchment; but rather than finding Dumbledore s 
long, narrow, slanted writing he saw an untidy 
sprawl, very difficult to read due to the presence of 
large blotches on the parchment where the ink had 
run. 



Dear Harry, Ron, and Hermione, 

Aragog died last night Harry and Ron, you met him, 
and you know how special he was. Hermione, I know 
youd have liked him. It would mean a lot to me if 
youd nip down for the burial later this evening. Im 
planning on doing it round dusk, that was his favorite 
time of day. I know youre not supposed to be out that 
late, but you can use the cloak. Wouldnt ask, but I 
cant face it alone. 



Hagrid 

  528 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Look at this, said Harry, handing the note to 
Hermione. 

Oh, for heavens sake, she said, scanning it quickly 
and passing it to Ron, who read it through looking 
increasingly incredulous. 

Hes mentaft he said furiously. That thing told its 
mates to eat Harry and me! Told them to help 
themselves! And now Hagrid expects us to go down 
there and cry over its horrible hairy body! 

Its not just that, said Hermione. Hes asking us to 
leave the castle at night and he knows securitys a 
million times tighter and how much trouble wed be in 
if we were caught. 

Weve been down to see him by night before, said 
Harry. 

Yes, but for something like this? said Hermione. 
Weve risked a lot to help Hagrid out, but after all  
Aragogs dead. If it were a question of saving him   

  Id want to go even less, said Ron firmly. You 
didnt meet him, Hermione. Believe me, being dead 
will have improved him a lot. 

Harry took the note back and stared down at all the 
inky blotches all over it. Tears had clearly fallen thick 
and fast upon the parchment. ... 

Harry, you cant be thinking of going, said 
Hermione. Its such a pointless thing to get detention 
for. 

Harry sighed. Yeah, I know, he said. I spose 
Hagrid ll have to bury Aragog without us. 



  529 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yes, he will, said Hermione, looking relieved. Look, 
Potions will be almost empty this afternoon, with us 
all off doing our tests. ... Try and soften Slughorn up 
a bit then! 

Fiftyseventh time lucky, you think? said Harry 
bitterly. 

Lucky, said Ron suddenly. Harry, thats it  get 
lucky! 

What dyou mean? 

Use your lucky potion! 

Ron, thats  thats it! said Hermione, sounding 
stunned. Of course! Why didnt I think of it? 

Harry stared at them both. Felix Felicis? he said. I 
dunno ... I was sort of saving it. ... 

What for? demanded Ron incredulously. 

What on earth is more important than this memory, 
Harry? asked Hermione. 

Harry did not answer. The thought of that little golden 
bottle had hovered on the edges of his imagination for 
some time; vague and unformulated plans that 
involved Ginny splitting up with Dean, and Ron 
somehow being happy to see her with a new 
boyfriend, had been fermenting in the depths of his 
brain, unacknowledged except during dreams or the 
twilight time between sleeping and waking. . . . 

Harry? Are you still with us? asked Hermione. 

Wha  ? Yeah, of course, he said, pulling himself 
together. Well ... okay. If I cant get Slughorn to talk 

  530 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




this afternoon, Ill take some Felix and have another 
go this evening. 

Thats decided, then, said Hermione briskly, getting 
to her feet and performing a graceful pirouette. 
Destination ... determination ... deliberation ... she 
murmured. 

Oh, stop that, Ron begged her, I feel sick enough as 
it is  quick, hide me! 

It isnt Lavender! said Hermione impatiently, as 
another couple of girls appeared in the courtyard and 
Ron dived behind her. 

Cool, said Ron, peering over Hermiones shoulder to 
check. Blimey, they dont look happy, do they? 

Theyre the Montgomery sisters and of course they 
dont look happy, didnt you hear what happened to 
their little brother? said Hermione. 

Im losing track of whats happening to everyones 
relatives, to be honest, said Ron. 

Well, their brother was attacked by a werewolf. The 
rumor is that their mother refused to help the Death 
Eaters. Anyway, the boy was only five and he died in 
St. Mungos, they couldnt save him. 

He died? repeated Harry, shocked. But surely 
werewolves dont kill, they just turn you into one of 
them? 

They sometimes kill, said Ron, who looked 
unusually grave now. Ive heard of it happening 
when the werewolf gets carried away. 

What was the werewolfs name? said Harry quickly. 

  531 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Well, the rumor is that it was that Fenrir Greyback, 
said Hermione. 

I knew it  the maniac who likes attacking kids, the 
one Lupin told me about! said Harry angrily. 

Hermione looked at him bleakly. 

Harry, youve got to get that memory, she said. Its 
all about stopping Voldemort, isnt it? These dreadful 
things that are happening are all down to him. ... 

The bell rang overhead in the castle and both 
Hermione and Ron jumped to their feet, looking 
terrified. 

Youll do fine, Harry told them both, as they headed 
toward the entrance hall to meet the rest of the people 
taking their Apparition Test. Good luck. 

And you too! said Hermione with a significant look, 
as Harry headed off to the dungeons. 

There were only three of them in Potions that 
afternoon: Harry, Ernie, and Draco Malfoy. 

All too young to Apparate just yet? said Slughorn 
genially. Not turned seventeen yet? 

They shook their heads. 

Ah well, said Slughorn cheerily, as were so few, 
well do something fun. I want you all to brew me up 
something amusing! 

That sounds good, sir, said Ernie sycophantically, 
rubbing his hands together. Malfoy, on the other 
hand, did not crack a smile. 



  532 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What do you mean, something amusing? he said 
irritably. 

Oh, surprise me, said Slughorn airily. 

Malfoy opened his copy of Advanced PotionMaking 
with a sulky expression. It could not have been 
plainer that he thought this lesson was a waste of 
time. Undoubtedly, Harry thought, watching him over 
the top of his own book, Malfoy was begrudging the 
time he could otherwise be spending in the Room of 
Requirement. 

Was it his imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonks, look 
thinner? Certainly he looked paler; his skin still had 
that grayish tinge, probably because he so rarely saw 
daylight these days. But there was no air of 
smugness, excitement, or superiority; none of the 
swagger that he had had on the Hogwarts Express, 
when he had boasted openly of the mission he had 
been given by Voldemort. ... There could be only one 
conclusion, in Harrys opinion: The mission, whatever 
it was, was going badly. 

Cheered by this thought, Harry skimmed through his 
copy of Advanced PotionMaking and found a heavily 
corrected HalfBlood Princes version of An Elixir to 
Induce Euphoria, which seemed not only to meet 
Slughorn s instructions, but which might (Harrys 
heart leapt as the thought struck him) put Slughorn 
into such a good mood that he would be prepared to 
hand over that memory if Harry could persuade him 
to taste some. ... 

Well, now, this looks absolutely wonderful, said 
Slughorn an hour and a half later, clapping his hands 
together as he stared down into the sunshine yellow 
contents of Harrys cauldron. Euphoria, I take it? And 
whats that I smell? Mmmm ... youve added just a 
  533 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




sprig of peppermint, havent you? Unorthodox, but 
what a stroke of inspiration, Harry, of course, that 
would tend to counterbalance the occasional side 
effects of excessive singing and nosetweaking. ... I 
really dont know where you get these brain waves, 
my boy . . . unless   

Harry pushed the HalfBlood Princes book deeper 
into his bag with his foot. 

  its just your mothers genes coming out in you! 

Oh ... yeah, maybe, said Harry, relieved. 

Ernie was looking rather grumpy; determined to 
outshine Harry for once, he had most rashly invented 
his own potion, which had curdled and formed a kind 
of purple dumpling at the bottom of his cauldron. 
Malfoy was already packing up, sourfaced; Slughorn 
had pronounced his Hiccuping Solution merely 
passable. 

The bell rang and both Ernie and Malfoy left at once. 

Sir, Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced 
over his shoulder; when he saw that the room was 
empty but for himself and Harry, he hurried away as 
fast as he could. 

Professor  Professor, dont you want to taste my po 
 ? called Harry desperately. 

But Slughorn had gone. Disappointed, Harry emptied 
the cauldron, packed up his things, left the dungeon, 
and walked slowly back upstairs to the common 
room. 

Ron and Hermione returned in the late afternoon. 



  534 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry! cried Hermione as she climbed through the 
portrait hole. Harry, I passed! 

Well done! he said. And Ron? 

He  he just failed, whispered Hermione, as Ron 
came slouching into the room looking most morose. 
It was really unlucky, a tiny thing, the examiner just 
spotted that hed left half an eyebrow behind. ... How 
did it go with Slughorn? 

No joy, said Harry, as Ron joined them. Bad luck, 
mate, but youll pass next time  we can take it 
together. 

Yeah, I spose, said Ron grumpily. But half an 
eyebrow\ Like that matters! 

I know, said Hermione soothingly, it does seem 
really harsh. ... 

They spent most of their dinner roundly abusing the 
Apparition examiner, and Ron looked fractionally 
more cheerful by the time they set off back to the 
common room, now discussing the continuing 
problem of Slughorn and the memory. 

So, Harry  you going to use the Felix Felicis or 
what? Ron demanded. 

Yeah, I spose Id better, said Harry. I dont reckon 
Ill need all of it, not twelve hours worth, it cant take 
all night. ... Ill just take a mouthful. Two or three 
hours should do it. 

Its a great feeling when you take it, said Ron 
reminiscently. Like you cant do anything wrong. 



  535 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What are you talking about? said Hermione, 
laughing. Youve never taken any! 

Yeah, but I thought I had, didnt I? said Ron, as 
though explaining the obvious. Same difference 
really ... 

As they had only just seen Slughorn enter the Great 
Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meals, 
they lingered for a while in the common room, the 
plan being that Harry should go to Slughorn s office 
once the teacher had had time to get back there. 
When the sun had sunk to the level of the treetops in 
the Forbidden Forest, they decided the moment had 
come, and after checking carefully that Neville, Dean, 
and Seamus were all in the common room, sneaked 
up to the boys dormitory. 

Harry took out the rolledup socks at the bottom of 
his trunk and extracted the tiny, gleaming bottle. 

Well, here goes, said Harry, and he raised the little 
bottle and took a carefully measured gulp. 

What does it feel like? whispered Hermione. 

Harry did not answer for a moment. Then, slowly but 
surely, an exhilarating sense of infinite opportunity 
stole through him; he felt as though he could have 
done anything, anything at all ... and getting the 
memory from Slughorn seemed suddenly not only 
possible, but positively easy. ... 

He got to his feet, smiling, brimming with confidence. 

Excellent, he said. Really excellent. Right ... Im 
going down to Hagrids. 



  536 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What? said Ron and Hermione together, looking 
aghast. 

No, Harry  youve got to go and see Slughorn, 
remember? said Hermione. 

No, said Harry confidently. Im going to Hagrids, 

Ive got a good feeling about going to Hagrids. 

Youve got a good feeling about burying a giant 
spider? asked Ron, looking stunned. 

Yeah, said Harry, pulling his Invisibility Cloak out of 
his bag. I feel like its the place to be tonight, you 
know what I mean? 

No, said Ron and Hermione together, both looking 
positively alarmed now. 

This is Felix Felicis, I suppose? said Hermione 
anxiously, holding up the bottle to the light. You 
havent got another little bottle full of  I dont know 



Essence of Insanity? suggested Ron, as Harry 
swung his cloak over his shoulders. 

Harry laughed, and Ron and Hermione looked even 
more alarmed. 

Trust me, he said. I know what Im doing ... or at 
least  he strolled confidently to the door  Felix 
does. 

He pulled the Invisibility Cloak over his head and set 
off down the stairs, Ron and Hermione hurrying along 
behind him. At the foot of the stairs, Harry slid 
through the open door. 



  537 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What were you doing up there with her? shrieked 
Lavender Brown, staring right through Harry at Ron 
and Hermione emerging together from the boys 
dormitories. Harry heard Ron spluttering behind him 
as he darted across the room away from them. 

Getting through the portrait hole was simple; as he 
approached it, Ginny and Dean came through it, and 
Harry was able to slip between them. As he did so, he 
brushed accidentally against Ginny. 

Dont push me, please, Dean, she said, sounding 
annoyed. Youre always doing that, I can get through 
perfectly well on my own. ... 

The portrait swung closed behind Harry, but not 
before he had heard Dean make an angry retort. ... 

His feeling of elation increasing, Harry strode off 
through the castle. He did not have to creep along, for 
he met nobody on his way, but this did not surprise 
him in the slightest: This evening, he was the luckiest 
person at Hogwarts. 

Why he knew that going to Hagrids was the right 
thing to do, he had no idea. It was as though the 
potion was illuminating a few steps of the path at a 
time: He could not see the final destination, he could 
not see where Slughorn came in, but he knew that he 
was going the right way to get that memory. When he 
reached the entrance hall he saw that Filch had 
forgotten to lock the front door. Beaming, Harry threw 
it open and breathed in the smell of clean air and 
grass for a moment before walking down the steps 
into the dusk. 

It was when he reached the bottom step that it 
occurred to him how very pleasant it would be to pass 
the vegetable patch on his walk to Hagrids. It was not 
strictly on the way, but it seemed clear to Harry that 

  538 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




this was a whim on which he should act, so he 
directed his feet immediately toward the vegetable 
patch, where he was pleased, but not altogether 
surprised, to find Professor Slughorn in conversation 
with Professor Sprout. Harry lurked behind a low 
stone wall, feeling at peace with the world and 
listening to their conversation. 

I do thank you for taking the time, Pomona, 
Slughorn was saying courteously, most authorities 
agree that they are at their most efficacious if picked 
at twilight. 

Oh, I quite agree, said Professor Sprout warmly. 
That enough for you? 

Plenty, plenty, said Slughorn, who, Harry saw, was 
carrying an armful of leafy plants. This should allow 
for a few leaves for each of my third years, and some 
to spare if anybody overstews them. ... Well, good 
evening to you, and many thanks again! 

Professor Sprout headed off into the gathering 
darkness in the direction of her greenhouses, and 
Slughorn directed his steps to the spot where Harry 
stood, invisible. 

Seized with an immediate desire to reveal himself, 
Harry pulled off the cloak with a flourish. 

Good evening, Professor. 

Merlins beard, Harry, you made me jump, said 
Slughorn, stopping dead in his tracks and looking 
wary. How did you get out of the castle? 

I think Filch mustve forgotten to lock the doors, 
said Harry cheerfully, and was delighted to see 
Slughorn scowl. 

  539 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ill be reporting that man, hes more concerned about 
litter than proper security if you ask me. ... But why 
are you out here, Harry? 

Well, sir, its Hagrid, said Harry, who knew that the 
right thing to do just now was to tell the truth. Hes 
pretty upset. ... But you wont tell anyone, Professor? 

I dont want trouble for him. ... 

Slughorns curiosity was evidently aroused. Well, I 
cant promise that, he said gruffly. But I know that 
Dumbledore trusts Hagrid to the hilt, so Im sure he 
cant be up to anything very dreadful. ... 

Well, its this giant spider, hes had it for years. ... It 
lived in the forest. ... It could talk and everything   

I heard rumors there were acromantulas in the 
forest, said Slughorn softly, looking over at the mass 
of black trees. Its true, then? 

Yes, said Harry. But this one, Aragog, the first one 
Hagrid ever got, it died last night. Hes devastated. He 
wants company while he buries it and I said Id go. 

Touching, touching, said Slughorn absentmindedly, 
his large droopy eyes fixed upon the distant lights of 
Hagrid s cabin. But acromantula venom is very 
valuable ... If the beast only just died it might not yet 
have dried out. ... Of course, I wouldnt want to do 
anything insensitive if Hagrid is upset . . . but if there 
was any way to procure some ... I mean, its almost 
impossible to get venom from an acromantula while 
its alive. ... 

Slughorn seemed to be talking more to himself than 
Harry now. 



  540 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




"... seems an awful waste not to collect it ... might get 
a hundred Galleons a pint. ... To be frank, my salary 
is not large. ... 

And now Harry saw clearly what was to be done. 

Well, he said, with a most convincing hesitancy, 
well, if you wanted to come, Professor, Hagrid would 
probably be really pleased. ... Give Aragog a better 
sendoff, you know ... 

Yes, of course, said Slughorn, his eyes now 
gleaming with enthusiasm. I tell you what, Harry, Ill 
meet you down there with a bottle or two. ... Well 
drink the poor beasts  well  not health  but 
well send it off in style, anyway, once its buried. And 
Ill change my tie, this one is a little exuberant for the 
occasion. ... 

He bustled back into the castle, and Harry sped off to 
Hagrid s, delighted with himself. 

Yeh came, croaked Hagrid, when he opened the door 
and saw Harry emerging from the Invisibility Cloak in 
front of him. 

Yeah  Ron and Hermione couldnt, though, said 
Harry. Theyre really sorry. 

Don  don matter ... Hedve bin touched yehre 
here, though, Harry. ... 

Hagrid gave a great sob. He had made himself a black 
armband out of what looked like a rag dipped in boot 
polish, and his eyes were puffy, red, and swollen. 
Harry patted him consolingly on the elbow, which was 
the highest point of Hagrid he could easily reach. 

Where are we burying him? he asked. The forest? 

  541 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Blimey, no, said Hagrid, wiping his streaming eyes 
on the bottom of his shirt. The other spiders won let 
me anywhere near their webs now Aragogs gone. 
Turns out it was ony on his orders they didn eat me! 
Can yeh believe that, Harry? 

The honest answer was yes; Harry recalled with 
painful ease the scene when he and Ron had come 
facetoface with the acromantulas: They had been 
quite clear that Aragog was the only thing that 
stopped them from eating Hagrid. 

Never bin an area o the forest I couldn go before! 
said Hagrid, shaking his head. It wasn easy, gettin 
Aragogs body out o there, I can tell yeh  they 
usually eat their dead, see. ... But I wanted ter give 
im a nice burial ... a proper sendoff ... 

He broke into sobs again and Harry resumed the 
patting of his elbow, saying as he did so (for the 
potion seemed to indicate that it was the right thing 
to do), Professor Slughorn met me coming down 
here, Hagrid. 

Not in trouble, are yeh? said Hagrid, looking up, 
alarmed. Yeh shouldn be outta the castle in the 
evenin, I know it, its my fault   

No, no, when he heard what I was doing he said hed 
like to come and pay his last respects to Aragog too, 
said Harry. Hes gone to change into something more 
suitable, I think ... and he said hed bring some 
bottles so we can drink to Aragogs memory. . . . 

Did he? said Hagrid, looking both astonished and 
touched. Thas  thas righ nice of him, that is, an 
not turnin yeh in either. Ive never really had a lot ter 
do with Horace Slughorn before. ... Cornin ter see old 



  542 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Aragog off, though, eh? Well ... he dve liked that, 
Aragog would. ... 

Harry thought privately that what Aragog would have 
liked most about Slughorn was the ample amount of 
edible flesh he provided, but he merely moved to the 
rear window of Hagrid s hut, where he saw the rather 
horrible sight of the enormous dead spider lying on its 
back outside, its legs curled and tangled. 

Are we going to bury him here, Hagrid, in your 
garden? 

Jus beyond the pumpkin patch, I thought, said 
Hagrid in a choked voice. Ive already dug the  yeh 
know  grave. Jus thought wed say a few nice 
things over him  happy memories, yeh know   

His voice quivered and broke. There was a knock on 
the door, and he turned to answer it, blowing his nose 
on his great spotted handkerchief as he did so. 
Slughorn hurried over the threshold, several bottles 
in his arms, and wearing a somber black cravat. 

Hagrid, he said, in a deep, grave voice. So very 
sorry to hear of your loss. 

Thas very nice of yeh, said Hagrid. Thanks a lot. 

An thanks fer not givin Harry detention neither. ... 

Wouldnt have dreamed of it, said Slughorn. Sad 
night, sad night ... Where is the poor creature? 

Out here, said Hagrid in a shaking voice. Shall we 
 shall we do it, then? 

The three of them stepped out into the back garden. 
The moon was glistening palely through the trees 
now, and its rays mingled with the light spilling from 

  543 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hagrids window to illuminate Aragogs body lying on 
the edge of a massive pit beside a tenfoothigh 
mound of freshly dug earth. 

Magnificent, said Slughorn, approaching the 
spiders head, where eight milky eyes stared blankly 
at the sky and two huge, curved pincers shone, 
motionless, in the moonlight. Harry thought he heard 
the tinkle of bottles as Slughorn bent over the 
pincers, apparently examining the enormous hairy 
head. 

Its not evryone appreciates how beauiful they are, 
said Hagrid to Slughorn s back, tears leaking from the 
corners of his crinkled eyes. I didn know yeh were 
intrested in creatures like Aragog, Horace. 

Interested? My dear Hagrid, I revere them, said 
Slughorn, stepping back from the body. Harry saw 
the glint of a bottle disappear beneath his cloak, 
though Hagrid, mopping his eyes once more, noticed 
nothing. Now ... shall we proceed to the burial? 

Hagrid nodded and moved forward. He heaved the 
gigantic spider into his arms and, with an enormous 
grunt, rolled it into the dark pit. It hit the bottom with 
a rather horrible, crunchy thud. Hagrid started to cry 
again. 

Of course, its difficult for you, who knew him best, 
said Slughorn, who like Harry could reach no higher 
than Hagrids elbow, but patted it all the same. Why 
dont I say a few words? 

He must have got a lot of good quality venom from 
Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a satisfied 
smirk as he stepped up to the rim of the pit and said, 
in a slow, impressive voice, Farewell, Aragog, king of 
arachnids, whose long and faithful friendship those 
  544 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




who knew you wont forget! Though your body will 
decay, your spirit lingers on in the quiet, webspun 
places of your forest home. May your manyeyed 
descendants ever flourish and your human friends 
find solace for the loss they have sustained. 

Tha was ... tha was ... beauiful! howled Hagrid, 
and he collapsed onto the compost heap, crying 
harder than ever. 

There, there, said Slughorn, waving his wand so 
that the huge pile of earth rose up and then fell, with 
a muffled sort of crash, onto the dead spider, forming 
a smooth mound. Lets get inside and have a drink. 
Get on his other side, Harry. ... Thats it. ... Up you 
come, Hagrid ... Well done ... 

They deposited Hagrid in a chair at the table. Fang, 
who had been skulking in his basket during the 
burial, now came padding softly across to them and 
put his heavy head into Harrys lap as usual. 

Slughorn uncorked one of the bottles of wine he had 
brought. 

I have had it all tested for poison, he assured Harry, 
pouring most of the first bottle into one of Hagrid s 
bucket sized mugs and handing it to Hagrid. Had a 
houseelf taste every bottle after what happened to 
your poor friend Rupert. 

Harry saw, in his minds eye, the expression on 
Hermiones face if she ever heard about this abuse of 
houseelves, and decided never to mention it to her. 

One for Harry ... said Slughorn, dividing a second 
bottle between two mugs, "... and one for me. Well  
he raised his mug high  to Aragog. 

Aragog, said Harry and Hagrid together. 

  545 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Both Slughorn and Hagrid drank deeply. Harry, 
however, with the way ahead illuminated for him by 
Felix Felicis, knew that he must not drink, so he 
merely pretended to take a gulp and then set the mug 
back on the table before him. 

I had him from an egg, yeh know, said Hagrid 
morosely. Tiny little thing he was when he hatched. 
Bout the size of a Pekingese. 

Sweet, said Slughorn. 

Used ter keep him in a cupboard up at the school 
until ... well ... 

Hagrid s face darkened and Harry knew why: Tom 
Riddle had contrived to have Hagrid thrown out of 
school, blamed for opening the Chamber of Secrets. 
Slughorn, however, did not seem to be listening; he 
was looking up at the ceiling, from which a number of 
brass pots hung, and also a long, silky skein of bright 
white hair. 

Thats never unicorn hair, Hagrid? 

Oh, yeah, said Hagrid indifferently. Gets pulled out 
of their tails, they catch it on branches an stuff in the 
forest, yeh know ... 

But my dear chap, do you know how much thats 
worth? 

I use it fer bindin on bandages an stuff if a creature 
gets injured, said Hagrid, shrugging. Its dead useful 
... very strong, see. 

Slughorn took another deep draught from his mug, 
his eyes moving carefully around the cabin now, 
looking, Harry knew, for more treasures that he might 

  546 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




be able to convert into a plentiful supply of oak 
matured mead, crystalized pineapple, and velvet 
smoking jackets. He refilled Hagrids mug and his 
own, and questioned him about the creatures that 
lived in the forest these days and how Hagrid was 
able to look after them all. Hagrid, becoming 
expansive under the influence of the drink and 
Slughorn s flattering interest, stopped mopping his 
eyes and entered happily into a long explanation of 
bowtruckle husbandry. 

The Felix Felicis gave Harry a little nudge at this 
point, and he noticed that the supply of drink that 
Slughorn had brought was running out fast. Harry 
had not yet managed to bring off the Refilling Charm 
without saying the incantation aloud, but the idea 
that he might not be able to do it tonight was 
laughable: Indeed, Harry grinned to himself as, 
unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slughorn (now 
swapping tales of the illegal trade in dragon eggs) he 
pointed his wand under the table at the emptying 
bottles and they immediately began to refill. 

After an hour or so, Hagrid and Slughorn began 
making extravagant toasts: to Hogwarts, to 
Dumbledore, to elfmade wine, and to  

Harry Potter! bellowed Hagrid, slopping some of his 
fourteenth bucket of wine down his chin as he 
drained it. 

Yes, indeed, cried Slughorn a little thickly, Parry 
Otter, the Chosen Boy Who  well  something of 
that sort, he mumbled, and drained his mug too. 

Not long after this, Hagrid became tearful again and 
pressed the whole unicorn tail upon Slughorn, who 
pocketed it with cries of, To friendship! To generosity! 
To ten Galleons a hair! 

  547 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And for a while after that, Hagrid and Slughorn were 
sitting side by side, arms around each other, singing 
a slow sad song about a dying wizard called Odo. 

Aaargh, the good die young, muttered Hagrid, 
slumping low onto the table, a little crosseyed, while 
Slughorn continued to warble the refrain. Me dad 
was no age ter go ... nor were yer mum an dad, 
Harry... 

Great fat tears oozed out of the corners of Hagrid s 
crinkled eyes again; he grasped Harrys arm and 
shook it. 

Bes wiz and witchard o their age I never knew ... 
terrible thing ... terrible thing ... 

And Odo the hero, they bore him back home 
To the place that hed known as a lad, 

sang Slughorn plaintively. 

They laid him to rest with his hat inside out 
And his wand snapped in two, which was sad. 

"... terrible, Hagrid grunted, and his great shaggy 
head rolled sideways onto his arms and he fell asleep, 
snoring deeply. 

Sorry, said Slughorn with a hiccup. Cant carry a 
tune to save my life. 

Hagrid wasnt talking about your singing, said Harry 
quietly. He was talking about my mum and dad 
dying. 

Oh, said Slughorn, repressing a large belch. Oh 
dear. Yes, that was  was terrible indeed. Terrible ... 
terrible ... 

  548 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He looked quite at a loss for what to say, and resorted 
to refilling their mugs. 



I dont  dont suppose you remember it, Harry? he 
asked awkwardly. 

No  well, I was only one when they died, said 
Harry, his eyes on the flame of the candle flickering in 
Hagrids heavy snores. But Ive found out pretty 
much what happened since. My dad died first. Did 
you know that? 

I  I didnt, said Slughorn in a hushed voice. 

Yeah . . . Voldemort murdered him and then stepped 
over his body toward my mum, said Harry. 

Slughorn gave a great shudder, but he did not seem 
able to tear his horrified gaze away from Harrys face. 

He told her to get out of the way, said Harry 
remorselessly. He told me she neednt have died. He 
only wanted me. She could have run. 

Oh dear, breathed Slughorn. She could have ... she 
neednt ... Thats awful. ... 

It is, isnt it? said Harry, in a voice barely more than 
a whisper. But she didnt move. Dad was already 
dead, but she didnt want me to go too. She tried to 
plead with Voldemort ... but he just laughed. ... 

Thats enough! said Slughorn suddenly, raising a 
shaking hand. Really, my dear boy, enough ... Im an 
old man ... I dont need to hear ... I dont want to hear 



I forgot, lied Harry, Felix Felicis leading him on. 

You liked her, didnt you? 

  549 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Liked her? said Slughorn, his eyes brimming with 
tears once more. I dont imagine anyone who met her 
wouldnt have liked her. ... Very brave ... Very funny 
...It was the most horrible thing. ... 

But you wont help her son, said Harry. She gave 
me her life, but you wont give me a memory. 

Hagrids rumbling snores filled the cabin. Harry 
looked steadily into Slughorn s tearfilled eyes. The 
Potions master seemed unable to look away. 

Dont say that, he whispered. It isnt a question ... 

If it were to help you, of course ... but no purpose can 
be served ... 

It can, said Harry clearly. Dumbledore needs 
information. I need information. 

He knew he was safe: Felix was telling him that 
Slughorn would remember nothing of this in the 
morning. Looking Slughorn straight in the eye, Harry 
leaned forward a little. 

I am the Chosen One. I have to kill him. I need that 
memory. 

Slughorn turned paler than ever; his shiny forehead 
gleamed with sweat. 

You are the Chosen One? 

Of course I am, said Harry calmly. 

But then ... my dear boy ... youre asking a great deal 
... youre asking me, in fact, to aid you in your 
attempt to destroy   



  550 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You dont want to get rid of the wizard who killed Lily 
Evans? 

Harry, Harry, of course I do, but   

Youre scared hell find out you helped me? 

Slughorn said nothing; he looked terrified. 

Be brave like my mother, Professor. ... 

Slughorn raised a pudgy hand and pressed his 
shaking fingers to his mouth; he looked for a moment 
like an enormously overgrown baby. 

I am not proud ... he whispered through his fingers. 
I am ashamed of what  of what that memory 
shows. ... I think I may have done great damage that 
day. ... 

Youd cancel out anything you did by giving me the 
memory, said Harry. It would be a very brave and 
noble thing to do. 

Hagrid twitched in his sleep and snored on. Slughorn 
and Harry stared at each other over the guttering 
candle. There was a long, long silence, but Felix 
Felicis told Harry not to break it, to wait. 

Then, very slowly, Slughorn put his hand in his 
pocket and pulled out his wand. He put his other 
hand inside his cloak and took out a small, empty 
bottle. Still looking into Harrys eyes, Slughorn 
touched the tip of his wand to his temple and 
withdrew it, so that a long, silver thread of memory 
came away too, clinging to the wand tip. Longer and 
longer the memory stretched until it broke and 
swung, silvery bright, from the wand. Slughorn 
lowered it into the bottle where it coiled, then spread, 
  551 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




swirling like gas. He corked the bottle with a 
trembling hand and then passed it across the table to 
Harry. 

Thank you very much, Professor. 

Youre a good boy, said Professor Slughorn, tears 
trickling down his fat cheeks into his walrus 
mustache. And youve got her eyes. ... Just dont 
think too badly of me once youve seen it. ... 

And he too put his head on his arms, gave a deep 
sigh, and fell asleep. 



  552 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






HORCRUXES 

Harry could feel the Felix Felicis wearing off as he 
crept back into the castle. The front door had 
remained unlocked for him, but on the third floor he 
met Peeves and only narrowly avoided detection by 
diving sideways through one of his shortcuts. By the 
time he got up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and 
pulled off his Invisibility Cloak, he was not surprised 
to find her in a most unhelpful mood. 

What sort of time do you call this? 

Im really sorry  I had to go out for something 
important   

Well, the password changed at midnight, so youll 
just have to sleep in the corridor, wont you? 

Youre joking! said Harry. Why did it have to 
change at midnight? 



  553 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Thats the way it is, said the Fat Lady. If youre 
angry, go and take it up with the headmaster, hes the 
one whos tightened security. 

Fantastic, said Harry bitterly, looking around at the 
hard floor. Really brilliant. Yeah, I would go and take 
it up with Dumbledore if he was here, because hes 
the one who wanted me to   

He is here, said a voice behind Harry. Professor 
Dumbledore returned to the school an hour ago. 

Nearly Headless Nick was gliding toward Harry, his 
head wobbling as usual upon his ruff. 

I had it from the Bloody Baron, who saw him arrive, 
said Nick. He appeared, according to the Baron, to be 
in good spirits, though a little tired, of course. 

Where is he? said Harry, his heart leaping. 

Oh, groaning and clanking up on the Astronomy 
Tower, its a favorite pastime of his   

Not the Bloody Baron  Dumbledore! 

Oh  in his office, said Nick. I believe, from what 
the Baron said, that he had business to attend to 
before turning in   

Yeah, he has, said Harry, excitement blazing in his 
chest at the prospect of telling Dumbledore he had 
secured the memory. He wheeled about and sprinted 
off again, ignoring the Fat Lady who was calling after 
him. 

Come back! All right, I lied! I was annoyed you woke 
me up! The passwords still tapeworm! 



  554 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But Harry was already hurtling back along the 
corridor and within minutes, he was saying toffee 
eclairs to Dumbledores gargoyle, which leapt aside, 
permitting Harry entrance onto the spiral staircase. 

Enter, said Dumbledore when Harry knocked. He 
sounded exhausted. 

Harry pushed open the door. There was Dumbledores 
office, looking the same as ever, but with black, star 
strewn skies beyond the windows. 

Good gracious, Harry, said Dumbledore in surprise. 
To what do I owe this very late pleasure? 

Sir  Ive got it. Ive got the memory from Slughorn. 

Harry pulled out the tiny glass bottle and showed it to 
Dumbledore. For a moment or two, the headmaster 
looked stunned. Then his face split in a wide smile. 

Harry, this is spectacular news! Very well done 
indeed! I knew you could do it! 

All thought of the lateness of the hour apparently 
forgotten, he hurried around his desk, took the bottle 
with Slughorns memory in his uninjured hand, and 
strode over to the cabinet where he kept the Pensieve. 

And now, said Dumbledore, placing the stone basin 
upon his desk and emptying the contents of the bottle 
into it. Now, at last, we shall see. Harry, quickly ... 

Harry bowed obediently over the Pensieve and felt his 
feet leave the office floor. . . . Once again he fell 
through darkness and landed in Horace Slughorns 
office many years before. 



  555 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There was the much younger Slughorn, with his 
thick, shiny, strawcolored hair and his gingeryblond 
mustache, sitting again in the comfortable winged 
armchair in his office, his feet resting upon a velvet 
pouffe, a small glass of wine in one hand, the other 
rummaging in a box of crystalized pineapple. And 
there were the halfdozen teenage boys sitting around 
Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them, 
Marvolos goldandblack ring gleaming on his finger. 

Dumbledore landed beside Harry just as Riddle 
asked, Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is 
retiring? 

Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldnt tell you, said 
Slughorn, wagging his finger reprovingly at Riddle, 
though winking at the same time. I must say, Id like 
to know where you get your information, boy, more 
knowledgeable than half the staff, you are. 

Riddle smiled; the other boys laughed and cast him 
admiring looks. 

What with your uncanny ability to know things you 
shouldnt, and your careful flattery of the people who 
matter  thank you for the pineapple, by the way, 
youre quite right, it is my favorite   

Several of the boys tittered again. 

  I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of 
Magic within twenty years. Fifteen, if you keep 
sending me pineapple, I have excellent contacts at the 
Ministry. 

Tom Riddle merely smiled as the others laughed 
again. Harry noticed that he was by no means the 
eldest of the group of boys, but that they all seemed 
to look to him as their leader. 

  556 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I dont know that politics would suit me, sir, he said 
when the laughter had died away. I dont have the 
right kind of background, for one thing. 

A couple of the boys around him smirked at each 
other. Harry was sure they were enjoying a private 
joke, undoubtedly about what they knew, or 
suspected, regarding their gang leaders famous 
ancestor. 

Nonsense, said Slughorn briskly, couldnt be 
plainer you come from decent Wizarding stock, 
abilities like yours. No, youll go far, Tom, Ive never 
been wrong about a student yet. 

The small golden clock standing upon Slughorn s 
desk chimed eleven oclock behind him and he looked 
around. 

Good gracious, is it that time already? Youd better 
get going, boys, or well all be in trouble. Lestrange, I 
want your essay by tomorrow or its detention. Same 
goes for you, Avery. 

One by one, the boys filed out of the room. Slughorn 
heaved himself out of his armchair and carried his 
empty glass over to his desk. A movement behind him 
made him look around; Riddle was still standing 
there. 

Look sharp, Tom, you dont want to be caught out of 
bed out of hours, and you a prefect ... 

Sir, I wanted to ask you something. 

Ask away, then, mboy, ask away. ... 

Sir, I wondered what you know about . . . about 
Horcruxes? 

  557 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Slughorn stared at him, his thick fingers 
absentmindedly caressing the stem of his wine glass. 

Project for Defense Against the Dark Arts, is it? 

But Harry could tell that Slughorn knew perfectly well 
that this was not schoolwork. 

Not exactly, sir, said Riddle. I came across the term 
while reading and I didnt fully understand it. 

No ... well ... youd be hardpushed to find a book at 
Hogwarts thatll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, 
thats very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed, said 
Slughorn. 

But you obviously know all about them, sir? I mean, 
a wizard like you  sorry, I mean, if you cant tell me, 
obviously  I just knew if anyone could tell me, you 
could  so I just thought Id ask   

It was very well done, thought Harry, the hesitancy, 
the casual tone, the careful flattery, none of it 
overdone. He, Harry, had had too much experience of 
trying to wheedle information out of reluctant people 
not to recognize a master at work. He could tell that 
Riddle wanted the information very, very much; 
perhaps had been working toward this moment for 
weeks. 

Well, said Slughorn, not looking at Riddle, but 
fiddling with the ribbon on top of his box of 
crystalized pineapple, well, it cant hurt to give you 
an overview, of course. Just so that you understand 
the term. A Horcrux is the word used for an object in 
which a person has concealed part of their soul. 

I dont quite understand how that works, though, 
sir, said Riddle. 

  558 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




His voice was carefully controlled, but Harry could 
sense his excitement. 

Well, you split your soul, you see, said Slughorn, 
and hide part of it in an object outside the body. 
Then, even if ones body is attacked or destroyed, one 
cannot die, for part of the soul remains earthbound 
and undamaged. But of course, existence in such a 
form ... 

Slughorn s face crumpled and Harry found himself 
remembering words he had heard nearly two years 
before:  I was ripped from my body, I was less than 
spirit, less than the meanest ghost . . . but still, I was 
alive. 

... few would want it, Tom, very few. Death would be 
preferable. 

But Riddles hunger was now apparent; his 
expression was greedy, he could no longer hide his 
longing. 

How do you split your soul? 

Well, said Slughorn uncomfortably, you must 
understand that the soul is supposed to remain intact 
and whole. Splitting it is an act of violation, it is 
against nature. 

But how do you do it? 

By an act of evil  the supreme act of evil. By 
committing murder. Killing rips the soul apart. The 
wizard intent upon creating a Horcrux would use the 
damage to his advantage: He would encase the torn 
portion   

Encase? But how  ? 

  559 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There is a spell, do not ask me, I dont know! said 
Slughorn, shaking his head like an old elephant 
bothered by mosquitoes. Do I look as though I have 
tried it  do I look like a killer? 

No, sir, of course not, said Riddle quickly. Im sorry 
...I didnt mean to offend ... 

Not at all, not at all, not offended, said Slughorn 
gruffly. Its natural to feel some curiosity about these 
things. ... Wizards of a certain caliber have always 
been drawn to that aspect of magic. ... 

Yes, sir, said Riddle. What I dont understand, 
though  just out of curiosity  I mean, would one 
Horcrux be much use? Can you only split your soul 
once? Wouldnt it be better, make you stronger, to 
have your soul in more pieces, I mean, for instance, 
isnt seven the most powerfully magical number, 
wouldnt seven  ? 

Merlins beard, Tom! yelped Slughorn. Seven! Isnt 
it bad enough to think of killing one person? And in 
any case . . . bad enough to divide the soul . . . but to 
rip it into seven pieces ... 

Slughorn looked deeply troubled now: He was gazing 
at Riddle as though he had never seen him plainly 
before, and Harry could tell that he was regretting 
entering into the conversation at all. 

Of course, he muttered, this is all hypothetical, 
what were discussing, isnt it? All academic ... 

Yes, sir, of course, said Riddle quickly. 

But all the same, Tom ... keep it quiet, what Ive told 
 thats to say, what weve discussed. People 
wouldnt like to think weve been chatting about 

  560 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Horcruxes. Its a banned subject at Hogwarts, you 
know. ... Dumbledores particularly fierce about it. ... 

I wont say a word, sir, said Riddle, and he left, but 
not before Harry had glimpsed his face, which was 
full of that same wild happiness it had worn when he 
had first found out that he was a wizard, the sort of 
happiness that did not enhance his handsome 
features, but made them, somehow, less human. ... 

Thank you, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly. Let us 
go. ... ' 

When Harry landed back on the office floor 
Dumbledore was already sitting down behind his 
desk. Harry sat too and waited for Dumbledore to 
speak. 

I have been hoping for this piece of evidence for a 
very long time, said Dumbledore at last. It confirms 
the theory on which I have been working, it tells me 
that I am right, and also how very far there is still to 
go. ... 

Harry suddenly noticed that every single one of the 
old headmasters and headmistresses in the portraits 
around the walls was awake and listening in on their 
conversation. A corpulent, rednosed wizard had 
actually taken out an ear trumpet. 

Well, Harry, said Dumbledore, I am sure you 
understood the significance of what we just heard. At 
the same age as you are now, give or take a few 
months, Tom Riddle was doing all he could to find out 
how to make himself immortal. 

You think he succeeded then, sir? asked Harry. He 
made a Horcrux? And thats why he didnt die when 



  561 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




he attacked me? He had a Horcrux hidden 
somewhere? A bit of his soul was safe? 

A bit ... or more, said Dumbledore. You heard 
Voldemort: What he particularly wanted from Horace 
was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard 
who created more than one Horcrux, what would 
happen to the wizard so determined to evade death 
that he would be prepared to murder many times, rip 
his soul repeatedly, so as to store it in many, 
separately concealed Horcruxes. No book would have 
given him that information. As far as I know  as far, 
I am sure, as Voldemort knew  no wizard had ever 
done more than tear his soul in two. 

Dumbledore paused for a moment, marshaling his 
thoughts, and then said, Four years ago, I received 
what I considered certain proof that Voldemort had 
split his soul. 

Where? asked Harry How? 

You handed it to me, Harry, said Dumbledore. The 
diary, Riddles diary, the one giving instructions on 
how to reopen the Chamber of Secrets. 

I dont understand, sir, said Harry. 

Well, although I did not see the Riddle who came out 
of the diary, what you described to me was a 
phenomenon I had never witnessed. A mere memory 
starting to act and think for itself? A mere memory, 
sapping the life out of the girl into whose hands it had 
fallen? No, something much more sinister had lived 
inside that book. ... a fragment of soul, I was almost 
sure of it. The diary had been a Horcrux. But this 
raised as many questions as it answered. 



  562 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




What intrigued and alarmed me most was that that 
diary had been intended as a weapon as much as a 
safeguard. 

I still dont understand, said Harry. 

Well, it worked as a Horcrux is supposed to work  
in other words, the fragment of soul concealed inside 
it was kept safe and had undoubtedly played its part 
in preventing the death of its owner. But there could 
be no doubt that Riddle really wanted that diary read, 
wanted the piece of his soul to inhabit or possess 
somebody else, so that Slytherins monster would be 
unleashed again. 

Well, he didnt want his hard work to be wasted, 
said Harry. He wanted people to know he was 
Slytherins heir, because he couldnt take credit at the 
time. 

Quite correct, said Dumbledore, nodding. But dont 
you see, Harry, that if he intended the diary to be 
passed to, or planted on, some future Hogwarts 
student, he was being remarkably blase about that 
precious fragment of his soul concealed within it. The 
point of a Horcrux is, as Professor Slughorn 
explained, to keep part of the self hidden and safe, 
not to fling it into somebody elses path and run the 
risk that they might destroy it  as indeed happened: 
That particular fragment of soul is no more; you saw 
to that. 

The careless way in which Voldemort regarded this 
Horcrux seemed most ominous to me. It suggested 
that he must have made  or been planning to make 
 more Horcruxes, so that the loss of his first would 
not be so detrimental. I did not wish to believe it, but 
nothing else seemed to make sense. 



  563 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Then you told me, two years later, that on the night 
that Voldemort returned to his body, he made a most 
illuminating and alarming statement to his Death 
Eaters. % who have gone further than anybody along 
the path that leads to immortality. That was what you 
told me he said. Further than anybody, And I thought 
I knew what that meant, though the Death Eaters did 
not. He was referring to his Horcruxes, Horcruxes in 
the plural, Harry, which I do not believe any other 
wizard has ever had. Yet it fitted: Lord Voldemort has 
seemed to grow less human with the passing years, 
and the transformation he has undergone seemed to 
me to be only explicable if his soul was mutilated 
beyond the realms of what we might call usual evil 



So hes made himself impossible to kill by murdering 
other people? said Harry. Why couldnt he make a 
Sorcerers Stone, or steal one, if he was so interested 
in immortality? 

Well, we know that he tried to do just that, five years 
ago, said Dumbledore. But there are several reasons 
why, I think, a Sorcerers Stone would appeal less 
than Horcruxes to Lord Voldemort. 

While the Elixir of Life does indeed extend life, it 
must be drunk regularly, for all eternity, if the drinker 
is to maintain their immortality. Therefore, Voldemort 
would be entirely dependent on the Elixir, and if it 
ran out, or was contaminated, or if the Stone was 
stolen, he would die just like any other man. 
Voldemort likes to operate alone, remember. I believe 
that he would have found the thought of being 
dependent, even on the Elixir, intolerable. Of course 
he was prepared to drink it if it would take him out of 
the horrible partlife to which he was condemned 
after attacking you, but only to regain a body. 
Thereafter, I am convinced, he intended to continue to 
  564 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




rely on his Horcruxes: He would need nothing more, if 
only he could regain a human form. He was already 
immortal, you see ... or as close to immortal as any 
man can be. 

But now, Harry, armed with this information, the 
crucial memory you have succeeded in procuring for 
us, we are closer to the secret of finishing Lord 
Voldemort than anyone has ever been before. You 
heard him, Harry: Wouldnt it be better, make you 
stronger, to have your soul in more pieces ... isnt 
seven the most powerfully magical number ... Isnt 
seven the most powerfully magical number. Yes, I 
think the idea of a sevenpart soul would greatly 
appeal to Lord Voldemort. 

He made seven Horcruxes? said Harry, horror 
struck, while several of the portraits on the walls 
made similar noises of shock and outrage. But they 
could be anywhere in the world  hidden  buried or 
invisible   

I am glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the 
problem, said Dumbledore calmly. But firstly, no, 
Harry, not seven Horcruxes: six. The seventh part of 
his soul, however maimed, resides inside his 
regenerated body. That was the part of him that lived 
a spectral existence for so many years during his 
exile; without that, he has no self at all. That seventh 
piece of soul will be the last that anybody wishing to 
kill Voldemort must attack  the piece that lives in 
his body. 

But the six Horcruxes, then, said Harry, a little 
desperately, how are we supposed to find them? 

You are forgetting . . . you have already destroyed one 
of them. And I have destroyed another. 



  565 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You have? said Harry eagerly. 



Yes indeed, said Dumbledore, and he raised his 
blackened, burnedlooking hand. The ring, Harry. 
Marvolos ring. And a terrible curse there was upon it 
too. Had it not been  forgive me the lack of seemly 
modesty  for my own prodigious skill, and for 
Professor Snapes timely action when I returned to 
Hogwarts, desperately injured, I might not have lived 
to tell the tale. However, a withered hand does not 
seem an unreasonable exchange for a seventh of 
Voldemorts soul. The ring is no longer a Horcrux. 

But how did you find it? 

Well, as you now know, for many years I have made 
it my business to discover as much as I can about 
Voldemorts past life. I have traveled widely, visiting 
those places he once knew. I stumbled across the ring 
hidden in the ruin of the Gaunts house. It seems that 
once Voldemort had succeeded in sealing a piece of 
his soul inside it, he did not want to wear it anymore. 
He hid it, protected by many powerful enchantments, 
in the shack where his ancestors had once lived 
(Morfin having been carted off to Azkaban, of course), 
never guessing that I might one day take the trouble 
to visit the ruin, or that I might be keeping an eye 
open for traces of magical concealment. 

However, we should not congratulate ourselves too 
heartily. You destroyed the diary and I the ring, but if 
we are right in our theory of a sevenpart soul, four 
Horcruxes remain. 

And they could be anything? said Harry. They 
could be old tin cans or, I dunno, empty potion 
bottles. ... 



  566 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You are thinking of Portkeys, Harry, which must be 
ordinary objects, easy to overlook. But would Lord 
Voldemort use tin cans or old potion bottles to guard 
his own precious soul? You are forgetting what I have 
showed you. Lord Voldemort liked to collect trophies, 
and he preferred objects with a powerful magical 
history. His pride, his belief in his own superiority, 
his determination to carve for himself a startling place 
in magical history; these things suggest to me that 
Voldemort would have chosen his Horcruxes with 
some care, favoring objects worthy of the honor. 

The diary wasnt that special. 

The diary, as you have said yourself, was proof that 
he was the Heir of Slytherin; I am sure that 
Voldemort considered it of stupendous importance. 

So, the other Horcruxes? said Harry. Do you think 
you know what they are, sir? 

I can only guess, said Dumbledore. For the reasons 
I have already given, I believe that Lord Voldemort 
would prefer objects that, in themselves, have a 
certain grandeur. I have therefore trawled back 
through Voldemorts past to see if I can find evidence 
that such artifacts have disappeared around him. 

The locket! said Harry loudly. Hufflepuffs cup! 

Yes, said Dumbledore, smiling, I would be prepared 
to bet  perhaps not my other hand  but a couple 
of fingers, that they became Horcruxes three and 
four. The remaining two, assuming again that he 
created a total of six, are more of a problem, but I will 
hazard a guess that, having secured objects from 
Hufflepuff and Slytherin, he set out to track down 
objects owned by Gryffindor or Ravenclaw. Four 
objects from the four founders would, I am sure, have 
  567 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




exerted a powerful pull over Voldemorts imagination. 

I cannot answer for whether he ever managed to find 
anything of Ravenclaws. I am confident, however, 
that the only known relic of Gryffindor remains safe. 

Dumbledore pointed his blackened fingers to the wall 
behind him, where a rubyencrusted sword reposed 
within a glass case. 

Do you think thats why he really wanted to come 
back to Hogwarts, sir? said Harry. To try and find 
something from one of the other founders? 

My thoughts precisely, said Dumbledore. But 
unfortunately, that does not advance us much 
further, for he was turned away, or so I believe, 
without the chance to search the school. I am forced 
to conclude that he never fulfilled his ambition of 
collecting four founders objects. He definitely had two 
 he may have found three  that is the best we can 
do for now. 

Even if he got something of Ravenclaws or of 
Gryffindors, that leaves a sixth Horcrux, said Harry, 
counting on his fingers. Unless he got both? 

I dont think so, said Dumbledore. I think I know 
what the sixth Horcrux is. I wonder what you will say 
when I confess that I have been curious for a while 
about the behavior of the snake, Nagini? 

The snake? said Harry, startled. You can use 
animals as Horcruxes? 

Well, it is inadvisable to do so, said Dumbledore, 
because to confide a part of your soul to something 
that can think and move for itself is obviously a very 
risky business. However, if my calculations are 
correct, Voldemort was still at least one Horcrux short 
  568 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




of his goal of six when he entered your parents house 
with the intention of killing you. 



He seems to have reserved the process of making 
Horcruxes for particularly significant deaths. You 
would certainly have been that. He believed that in 
killing you, he was destroying the danger the 
prophecy had outlined. He believed he was making 
himself invincible. I am sure that he was intending to 
make his final Horcrux with your death. 

As we know, he failed. After an interval of some 
years, however, he used Nagini to kill an old Muggle 
man, and it might then have occurred to him to turn 
her into his last Horcrux. She underlines the 
Slytherin connection, which enhances Lord 
Voldemorts mystique; I think he is perhaps as fond of 
her as he can be of anything; he certainly likes to 
keep her close, and he seems to have an unusual 
amount of control over her, even for a Parselmouth. 

So, said Harry, the diarys gone, the rings gone. 

The cup, the locket, and the snake are still intact, 
and you think there might be a Horcrux that was 
once Ravenclaws or Gryffindors? 

An admirably succinct and accurate summary, yes, 
said Dumbledore, bowing his head. 

So . . . are you still looking for them, sir? Is that where 
youve been going when youve been leaving the 
school? 

Correct, said Dumbledore. I have been looking for a 
very long time. I think ... perhaps ... I may be close to 
finding another one. There are hopeful signs. 

And if you do, said Harry quickly, can I come with 
you and help get rid of it? 

  569 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore looked at Harry very intently for a 
moment before saying, Yes, I think so. 

I can? said Harry, thoroughly taken aback. 

Oh yes, said Dumbledore, smiling slightly. I think 
you have earned that right. 

Harry felt his heart lift. It was very good not to hear 
words of caution and protection for once. The 
headmasters and headmistresses around the walls 
seemed less impressed by Dumbledores decision; 
Harry saw a few of them shaking their heads and 
Phineas Nigellus actually snorted. 

Does Voldemort know when a Horcrux is destroyed, 
sir? Can he feel it? Harry asked, ignoring the 
portraits. 

A very interesting question, Harry. I believe not. I 
believe that Voldemort is now so immersed in evil, 
and these crucial parts of himself have been detached 
for so long, he does not feel as we do. Perhaps, at the 
point of death, he might be aware of his loss . . . but he 
was not aware, for instance, that the diary had been 
destroyed until he forced the truth out of Lucius 
Malfoy. When Voldemort discovered that the diary 
had been mutilated and robbed of all its powers, I am 
told that his anger was terrible to behold. 

But I thought he meant Lucius Malfoy to smuggle it 
into Hogwarts? 

Yes, he did, years ago, when he was sure he would 
be able to create more Horcruxes, but still Lucius was 
supposed to wait for Voldemorts sayso, and he never 
received it, for Voldemort vanished shortly after giving 
him the diary. 



  570 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No doubt he thought that Lucius would not dare do 
anything with the Horcrux other than guard it 
carefully, but he was counting too much upon 
Luciuss fear of a master who had been gone for years 
and whom Lucius believed dead. Of course, Lucius 
did not know what the diary really was. I understand 
that Voldemort had told him the diary would cause 
the Chamber of Secrets to reopen because it was 
cleverly enchanted. Had Lucius known he held a 
portion of his masters soul in his hands, he would 
undoubtedly have treated it with more reverence  
but instead he went ahead and carried out the old 
plan for his own ends: By planting the diary upon 
Arthur Weasleys daughter, he hoped to discredit 
Arthur and get rid of a highly incriminating magical 
object in one stroke. Ah, poor Lucius ... what with 
Voldemort s fury about the fact that he threw away 
the Horcrux for his own gain, and the fiasco at the 
Ministry last year, I would not be surprised if he is 
not secretly glad to be safe in Azkaban at the 
moment. 

Harry sat in thought for a moment, then asked, So if 
all of his Horcruxes are destroyed, Voldemort could be 
killed? 

Yes, I think so, said Dumbledore. Without his 
Horcruxes, Voldemort will be a mortal man with a 
maimed and diminished soul. Never forget, though, 
that while his soul may be damaged beyond repair, 
his brain and his magical powers remain intact. It will 
take uncommon skill and power to kill a wizard like 
Voldemort even without his Horcruxes. 

But I havent got uncommon skill and power, said 
Harry, before he could stop himself. 

Yes, you have, said Dumbledore firmly. You have a 
power that Voldemort has never had. You can   

  571 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I know! said Harry impatiently. I can love! It was 
only with difficulty that he stopped himself adding, 
Big deal! 

Yes, Harry, you can love, said Dumbledore, who 
looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry 
had just refrained from saying. Which, given 
everything that has happened to you, is a great and 
remarkable thing. You are still too young to 
understand how unusual you are, Harry. 

So, when the prophecy says that Ill have power the 
Dark Lord knows not, it just means  love? asked 
Harry, feeling a little let down. 

Yes  just love, said Dumbledore. But Harry, never 
forget that what the prophecy says is only significant 
because Voldemort made it so. I told you this at the 
end of last year. Voldemort singled you out as the 
person who would be most dangerous to him  and 
in doing so, he made you the person who would be 
most dangerous to him! 

But it comes to the same   

No, it doesnt! said Dumbledore, sounding impatient 
now. Pointing at Harry with his black, withered hand, 
he said, You are setting too much store by the 
prophecy! 

But, spluttered Harry, but you said the prophecy 
means   

If Voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would 
it have been fulfilled? Would it have meant anything? 
Of course not! Do you think every prophecy in the 
Hall of Prophecy has been fulfilled? 



  572 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But, said Harry, bewildered, but last year, you said 
one of us would have to kill the other   

Harry, Harry, only because Voldemort made a grave 
error, and acted on Professor Trelawneys words! If 
Voldemort had never murdered your father, would he 
have imparted in you a furious desire for revenge? Of 
course not! If he had not forced your mother to die for 
you, would he have given you a magical protection he 
could not penetrate? Of course not, Harry! Dont you 
see? Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just 
as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how 
much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of 
them realize that, one day, amongst their many 
victims, there is sure to be one who rises against 
them and strikes back! Voldemort is no different! 
Always he was on the lookout for the one who would 
challenge him. He heard the prophecy and he leapt 
into action, with the result that he not only 
handpicked the man most likely to finish him, he 
handed him uniquely deadly weapons! 

But   

It is essential that you understand this! said 
Dumbledore, standing up and striding about the 
room, his glittering robes swooshing in his wake; 
Harry had never seen him so agitated. By attempting 
to kill you, Voldemort himself singled out the 
remarkable person who sits here in front of me, and 
gave him the tools for the job! It is Voldemort s fault 
that you were able to see into his thoughts, his 
ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike 
language in which he gives orders, and yet, Harry, 
despite your privileged insight into Voldemorts world 
(which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would 
kill to have), you have never been seduced by the 
Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the 



  573 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




slightest desire to become one of Voldemorts 
followers! 

Of course I havent! said Harry indignantly. He 
killed my mum and dad! 

You are protected, in short, by your ability to love! 
said Dumbledore loudly. The only protection that can 
possibly work against the lure of power like 
Voldemorts! In spite of all the temptation you have 
endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, 
just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when 
you stared into a mirror that reflected your hearts 
desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord 
Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have 
you any idea how few wizards could have seen what 
you saw in that mirror? Voldemort should have 
known then what he was dealing with, but he did not! 

But he knows it now. You have flitted into Lord 
Voldemorts mind without damage to yourself, but he 
cannot possess you without enduring mortal agony, 
as he discovered in the Ministry. I do not think he 
understands why, Harry, but then, he was in such a 
hurry to mutilate his own soul, he never paused to 
understand the incomparable power of a soul that is 
untarnished and whole. 

But, sir, said Harry, making valiant efforts not to 
sound argumentative, it all comes to the same thing, 
doesnt it? Ive got to try and kill him, or   

Got to? said Dumbledore. Of course youve got to! 
But not because of the prophecy! Because you, 
yourself, will never rest until youve tried! We both 
know it! Imagine, please, just for a moment, that you 
had never heard that prophecy! How would you feel 
about Voldemort now? Think! 



  574 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry watched Dumbledore striding up and down in 
front of him, and thought. He thought of his mother, 
his father, and Sirius. He thought of Cedric Diggory. 
He thought of all the terrible deeds he knew Lord 
Voldemort had done. A flame seemed to leap inside 
his chest, searing his throat. 

Id want him finished, said Harry quietly. And Id 
want to do it. 

Of course you would! cried Dumbledore. You see, 
the prophecy does not mean you have to do anything! 
But the prophecy caused Lord Voldemort to mark you 
as his equal. ... In other words, you are free to choose 
your way, quite free to turn your back on the 
prophecy! But Voldemort continues to set store by the 
prophecy. He will continue to hunt you . . . which 
makes it certain, really, that   

That one of us is going to end up killing the other, 
said Harry. Yes. 

But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been 
trying to tell him. It was, he thought, the difference 
between being dragged into the arena to face a battle 
to the death and walking into the arena with your 
head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that 
there was little to choose between the two ways, but 
Dumbledore knew  and so do I, thought Harry, with 
a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents  that 
there was all the difference in the world. 



  575 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






SECTUMSEMPRA 

Exhausted but delighted with his nights work, Harry 
told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened 
during next mornings Charms lesson (having first 
cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them). 
They were both satisfyingly impressed by the way he 
had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and 
positively awed when he told them about Voldemorts 
Horcruxes and Dumbledores promise to take Harry 
along, should he find another one. 

Wow, said Ron, when Harry had finally finished 
telling them everything; Ron was waving his wand 
very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without 
paying the slightest bit of attention to what he was 
doing. Wow. Youre actually going to go with 
Dumbledore ... and try and destroy ... wow. 

Ron, youre making it snow, said Hermione 
patiently, grabbing his wrist and redirecting his wand 
away from the ceiling from which, sure enough, large 
white flakes had started to fall. Lavender Brown, 



  576 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Harry noticed, glared at Hermione from a neighboring 
table through very red eyes, and Hermione 
immediately let go of Rons arm. 

Oh yeah, said Ron, looking down at his shoulders in 
vague surprise. Sorry ... looks like weve all got 
horrible dandruff now. ... 

He brushed some of the fake snow off Hermione s 
shoulder. Lavender burst into tears. Ron looked 
immensely guilty and turned his back on her. 

We split up, he told Harry out of the corner of his 
mouth. Last night. When she saw me coming out of 
the dormitory with Hermione. Obviously she couldnt 
see you, so she thought it had just been the two of 
us. 



Ah, said Harry. Well  you dont mind its over, do 
you? 

No, Ron admitted. It was pretty bad while she was 
yelling, but at least I didnt have to finish it. 

Coward, said Hermione, though she looked amused. 
Well, it was a bad night for romance all around. 
Ginny and Dean split up too, Harry. 

Harry thought there was a rather knowing look in her 
eye as she told him that, but she could not possibly 
know that his insides were suddenly dancing the 
conga. Keeping his face as immobile and his voice as 
indifferent as he could, he asked, How come? 

Oh, something really silly . . . She said he was always 
trying to help her through the portrait hole, like she 
couldnt climb in herself ... but theyve been a bit 
rocky for ages. 



  577 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry glanced over at Dean on the other side of the 
classroom. He certainly looked unhappy. 

Of course, this puts you in a bit of a dilemma, 
doesnt it? said Hermione. 

What dyou mean? said Harry quickly. 

The Quidditch team, said Hermione. If Ginny and 
Dean arent speaking ... 

Oh  oh yeah, said Harry. 

Flitwick, said Ron in a warning tone. The tiny little 
Charms master was bobbing his way toward them, 
and Hermione was the only one who had managed to 
turn vinegar into wine; her glass flask was full of deep 
crimson liquid, whereas the contents of Harrys and 
Rons were still murky brown. 

Now, now, boys, squeaked Professor Flitwick 
reproachfully. A little less talk, a little more action ... 
Let me see you try. ... 

Together they raised their wands, concentrating with 
all their might, and pointed them at their flasks. 
Harrys vinegar turned to ice; Rons flask exploded. 

Yes ... for homework, said Professor Flitwick, 
reemerging from under the table and pulling shards 
of glass out of the top of his hat, practice. 

They had one of their rare joint free periods after 
Charms and walked back to the common room 
together. Ron seemed to be positively lighthearted 
about the end of his relationship with Lavender, and 
Hermione seemed cheery too, though when asked 
what she was grinning about she simply said, Its a 



  578 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




nice day. Neither of them seemed to have noticed 
that a fierce battle was raging inside Harrys brain: 

Shes Rons sister. 

But shes ditched Dean! 

Shes still Rons sister. 

Im his best mate! 

Thatll make it worse. 

If I talked to him first  

Hed hit you. 

What if I dont care? 

Hes your best mate\ 

Harry barely noticed that they were climbing through 
the portrait hole into the sunny common room, and 
only vaguely registered the small group of seventh 
years clustered together there, until Hermione cried, 
Katie! Youre back! Are you okay? 

Harry stared: It was indeed Katie Bell, looking 
completely healthy and surrounded by her jubilant 
friends. 

Im really well! she said happily. They let me out of 
St. Mungos on Monday, I had a couple of days at 
home with Mum and Dad and then came back here 
this morning. Leanne was just telling me about 
McLaggen and the last match, Harry. ... 

Yeah, said Harry, well, now youre back and Rons 
fit, well have a decent chance of thrashing 

  579 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ravenclaw, which means we could still be in the 
running for the Cup. Listen, Katie ... 

He had to put the question to her at once; his 
curiosity even drove Ginny temporarily from his 
brain. He dropped his voice as Katies friends started 
gathering up their things; apparently they were late 
for Transfiguration. 

"... that necklace ... can you remember who gave it to 
you now? 

No, said Katie, shaking her head ruefully. 
Everyones been asking me, but I havent got a clue. 
The last thing I remember was walking into the ladies 
in the Three Broomsticks. 

You definitely went into the bathroom, then? said 
Hermione. 

Well, I know I pushed open the door, said Katie, so 
I suppose whoever Imperiused me was standing just 
behind it. After that, my memorys a blank until 
about two weeks ago in St. Mungos. Listen, Id better 
go, I wouldnt put it past McGonagall to give me lines 
even if it is my first day back. ... 

She caught up her bag and books and hurried after 
her friends, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to sit 
down at a window table and ponder what she had told 
them. 

So it must have been a girl or a woman who gave 
Katie the necklace, said Hermione, to be in the 
ladies bathroom. 

Or someone who looked like a girl or a woman, said 
Harry. Dont forget, there was a cauldron full of 



  580 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Polyjuice Potion at Hogwarts. We know some of it got 
stolen. ... 

In his minds eye, he watched a parade of Crabbes 
and Goyles prance past, all transformed into girls. 

I think Im going to take another swig of Felix, said 
Harry, and have a go at the Room of Requirement 
again. 

That would be a complete waste of potion, said 
Hermione flatly, putting down the copy of Spellmans 
Syllabary she had just taken out of her bag. Luck 
can only get you so far, Harry. The situation with 
Slughorn was different; you always had the ability to 
persuade him, you just needed to tweak the 
circumstances a bit. Luck isnt enough to get you 
through a powerful enchantment, though. Dont go 
wasting the rest of that potion! Youll need all the luck 
you can get if Dumbledore takes you along with him 
... She dropped her voice to a whisper. 

Couldnt we make some more? Ron asked Harry, 
ignoring Hermione. Itd be great to have a stock of it. 
... Have a look in the book ... 

Harry pulled his copy of Advanced PotionMaking out 
of his bag and looked up Felix Felicis. 

Blimey, its seriously complicated, he said, running 
an eye down the list of ingredients. And it takes six 
months ... Youve got to let it stew. ... 

Typical, said Ron. 

Harry was about to put his book away again when he 
noticed the corner of a  folded down; turning to 
it, he saw the Sectumsempra spell, captioned For 
Enemies, that he had marked a few weeks 

  581 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




previously. He had still not found out what it did, 
mainly because he did not want to test it around 
Hermione, but he was considering trying it out on 
McLaggen next time he came up behind him 
unawares. 

The only person who was not particularly pleased to 
see Katie Bell back at school was Dean Thomas, 
because he would no longer be required to fill her 
place as Chaser. He took the blow stoically enough 
when Harry told him, merely grunting and shrugging, 
but Harry had the distinct feeling as he walked away 
that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously 
behind his back. 

The following fortnight saw the best Quidditch 
practices Harry had known as Captain. His team was 
so pleased to be rid of McLaggen, so glad to have 
Katie back at last, that they were flying extremely 
well. 

Ginny did not seem at all upset about the breakup 
with Dean; on the contrary, she was the life and soul 
of the team. Her imitations of Ron anxiously bobbing 
up and down in front of the goal posts as the Quaffle 
sped toward him, or of Harry bellowing orders at 
McLaggen before being knocked out cold, kept them 
all highly amused. Harry, laughing with the others, 
was glad to have an innocent reason to look at Ginny; 
he had received several more Bludger injuries during 
practice because he had not been keeping his eyes on 
the Snitch. 

The battle still raged inside his head: Ginny or Ron? 
Sometimes he thought that the postLavender Ron 
might not mind too much if he asked Ginny out, but 
then he remembered Rons expression when he had 
seen her kissing Dean, and was sure that Ron would 



  582 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




consider it base treachery if Harry so much as held 
her hand. ... 

Yet Harry could not help himself talking to Ginny, 
laughing with her, walking back from practice with 
her; however much his conscience ached, he found 
himself wondering how best to get her on her own. It 
would have been ideal if Slughorn had given another 
of his little parties, for Ron would not be around  
but unfortunately, Slughorn seemed to have given 
them up. Once or twice Harry considered asking for 
Hermiones help, but he did not think he could stand 
seeing the smug look on her face; he thought he 
caught it sometimes when Hermione spotted him 
staring at Ginny or laughing at her jokes. And to 
complicate matters, he had the nagging worry that if 
he didnt do it, somebody else was sure to ask Ginny 
out soon: He and Ron were at least agreed on the fact 
that she was too popular for her own good. 

All in all, the temptation to take another gulp of Felix 
Felicis was becoming stronger by the day, for surely 
this was a case for, as Hermione put it, tweaking the 
circumstances? The balmy days slid gently through 
May, and Ron seemed to be there at Harrys shoulder 
every time he saw Ginny. Harry found himself longing 
for a stroke of luck that would somehow cause Ron to 
realize that nothing would make him happier than his 
best friend and his sister falling for each other and to 
leave them alone together for longer than a few 
seconds. There seemed no chance of either while the 
final Quidditch game of the season was looming; Ron 
wanted to talk tactics with Harry all the time and had 
little thought for anything else. 

Ron was not unique in this respect; interest in the 
GryffindorRavenclaw game was running extremely 
high throughout the school, for the match would 
decide the Championship, which was still wide open. 

  583 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




If Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three 
hundred points (a tall order, and yet Harry had never 
known his team to fly better) then they would win the 
Championship. If they won by less than three 
hundred points, they would come second to 
Ravenclaw; if they lost by a hundred points they 
would be third behind Hufflepuff and if they lost by 
more than a hundred, they would be in fourth place 
and nobody, Harry thought, would ever, ever let him 
forget that it had been he who had captained 
Gryffindor to their first bottomofthetable defeat in 
two centuries. 

The runup to this crucial match had all the usual 
features: members of rival Houses attempting to 
intimidate opposing teams in the corridors; 
unpleasant chants about individual players being 
rehearsed loudly as they passed; the team members 
themselves either swaggering around enjoying all the 
attention or else dashing into bathrooms between 
classes to throw up. Somehow, the game had become 
inextricably linked in Harrys mind with success or 
failure in his plans for Ginny. He could not help 
feeling that if they won by more than three hundred 
points, the scenes of euphoria and a nice loud after 
match party might be just as good as a hearty swig of 
Felix Felicis. 

In the midst of all his preoccupations, Harry had not 
forgotten his other ambition: finding out what Malfoy 
was up to in the Room of Requirement. He was still 
checking the Marauders Map, and as he was unable 
to locate Malfoy on it, deduced that Malfoy was still 
spending plenty of time within the room. Although 
Harry was losing hope that he would ever succeed in 
getting inside the Room of Requirement, he attempted 
it whenever he was in the vicinity, but no matter how 
he reworded his request, the wall remained firmly 
doorless. 

  584 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




A few days before the match against Ravenclaw, 

Harry found himself walking down to dinner alone 
from the common room, Ron having rushed off into a 
nearby bathroom to throw up yet again, and 
Hermione having dashed off to see Professor Vector 
about a mistake she thought she might have made in 
her last Arithmancy essay. More out of habit than 
anything, Harry made his usual detour along the 
seventhfloor corridor, checking the Marauders Map 
as he went. For a moment he could not find Malfoy 
anywhere and assumed he must indeed be inside the 
Room of Requirement again, but then he saw Malfoys 
tiny, labeled dot standing in a boys bathroom on the 
floor below, accompanied, not by Crabbe or Goyle, 
but by Moaning Myrtle. 

Harry only stopped staring at this unlikely coupling 
when he walked right into a suit of armor. The loud 
crash brought him out of his reverie; hurrying from 
the scene lest Filch turn up, he dashed down the 
marble staircase and along the passageway below. 
Outside the bathroom, he pressed his ear against the 
door. He could not hear anything. He very quietly 
pushed the door open. 

Draco Malfoy was standing with his back to the door, 
his hands clutching either side of the sink, his white 
blond head bowed. 

Dont, crooned Moaning Myrtles voice from one of 
the cubicles. Dont ... tell me whats wrong ... I can 
help you. ... 

No one can help me, said Malfoy. His whole body 
was shaking. I cant do it. ... I cant. ... It wont work 
... and unless I do it soon ... he says hell kill me. ... 

And Harry realized, with a shock so huge it seemed to 
root him to the spot, that Malfoy was crying  

  585 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




actually crying  tears streaming down his pale face 
into the grimy basin. Malfoy gasped and gulped and 
then, with a great shudder, looked up into the 
cracked mirror and saw Harry staring at him over his 
shoulder. 

Malfoy wheeled around, drawing his wand. 
Instinctively, Harry pulled out his own. Malfoys hex 
missed Harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the 
wall beside him; Harry threw himself sideways, 
thought Levicorpus\ and flicked his wand, but Malfoy 
blocked the jinx and raised his wand for another  

No! No! Stop it! squealed Moaning Myrtle, her voice 
echoing loudly around the tiled room. Stop! STOP! 

There was a loud bang and the bin behind Harry 
exploded; Harry attempted a LegLocker Curse that 
backfired off the wall behind Malfoys ear and 
smashed the cistern beneath Moaning Myrtle, who 
screamed loudly; water poured everywhere and Harry 
slipped as Malfoy, his face contorted, cried, Cruci   

 SECTUMSEMPRAl bellowed Harry from the floor, 
waving his wand wildly. 

Blood spurted from Malfoys face and chest as though 
he had been slashed with an invisible sword. He 
staggered backward and collapsed onto the 
waterlogged floor with a great splash, his wand falling 
from his limp right hand. 

No   gasped Harry. 

Slipping and staggering, Harry got to his feet and 
plunged toward Malfoy, whose face was now shining 
scarlet, his white hands scrabbling at his blood 
soaked chest. 



  586 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No  I didnt   



Harry did not know what he was saying; he fell to his 
knees beside Malfoy, who was shaking uncontrollably 
in a pool of his own blood. Moaning Myrtle let out a 
deafening scream: MURDER! MURDER IN THE 
BATHROOM! MURDER! 

The door banged open behind Harry and he looked 
up, terrified: Snape had burst into the room, his face 
livid. Pushing Harry roughly aside, he knelt over 
Malfoy, drew his wand, and traced it over the deep 
wounds Harrys curse had made, muttering an 
incantation that sounded almost like song. The flow 
of blood seemed to ease; Snape wiped the residue 
from Malfoys face and repeated his spell. Now the 
wounds seemed to be knitting. 

Harry was still watching, horrified by what he had 
done, barely aware that he too was soaked in blood 
and water. Moaning Myrtle was still sobbing and 
wailing overhead. When Snape had performed his 
countercurse for the third time, he halflifted Malfoy 
into a standing position. 

You need the hospital wing. There may be a certain 
amount of scarring, but if you take dittany 
immediately we might avoid even that. ... Come. ... 

He supported Malfoy across the bathroom, turning at 
the door to say in a voice of cold fury, And you, 

Potter ... You wait here for me. 

It did not occur to Harry for a second to disobey. He 
stood up slowly, shaking, and looked down at the wet 
floor. There were bloodstains floating like crimson 
flowers across its surface. He could not even find it in 
himself to tell Moaning Myrtle to be quiet, as she 



  587 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




continued to wail and sob with increasingly evident 
enjoyment. 



Snape returned ten minutes later. He stepped into the 
bathroom and closed the door behind him. 

Go, he said to Myrtle, and she swooped back into 
her toilet at once, leaving a ringing silence behind 
her. 

I didnt mean it to happen, said Harry at once. His 
voice echoed in the cold, watery space. I didnt know 
what that spell did. 

But Snape ignored this. Apparently I underestimated 
you, Potter, he said quietly. Who would have 
thought you knew such Dark Magic? Who taught you 
that spell? 

I  read about it somewhere. 

Where? 

It was  a library book, Harry invented wildly. I 
cant remember what it was call   

Liar, said Snape. Harrys throat went dry. He knew 
what Snape was going to do and he had never been 
able to prevent it. ... 

The bathroom seemed to shimmer before his eyes; he 
struggled to block out all thought, but try as he 
might, the HalfBlood Princes copy of Advanced 
PotionMaking swam hazily to the forefront of his 
mind. 

And then he was staring at Snape again, in the midst 
of this wrecked, soaked bathroom. He stared into 



  588 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Snapes black eyes, hoping against hope that Snape 
had not seen what he feared, but  

Bring me your schoolbag, said Snape softly, and all 
of your schoolbooks. All of them. Bring them to me 
here. Now! 

There was no point arguing. Harry turned at once and 
splashed out of the bathroom. Once in the corridor, 
he broke into a run toward Gryffindor Tower. Most 
people were walking the other way; they gaped at him, 
drenched in water and blood, but he answered none 
of the questions fired at him as he ran past. 

He felt stunned; it was as though a beloved pet had 
turned suddenly savage; what had the Prince been 
thinking to copy such a spell into his book? And what 
would happen when Snape saw it? Would he tell 
Slughorn  Harrys stomach churned  how Harry 
had been achieving such good results in Potions all 
year? Would he confiscate or destroy the book that 
had taught Harry so much . . . the book that had 
become a kind of guide and friend? Harry could not 
let it happen. ... He could not ... 

Where Ve you  ? Why are you soaking  ? Is that 
blood? 

Ron was standing at the top of the stairs, looking 
bewildered at the sight of Harry. 

I need your book, Harry panted. Your Potions book. 
Quick ... give it to me ... 

But what about the HalfBlood   

Ill explain later! 



  589 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ron pulled his copy of Advanced PotionMaking out of 
his bag and handed it over; Harry sprinted off past 
him and back to the common room. Here, he seized 
his schoolbag, ignoring the amazed looks of several 
people who had already finished their dinner, threw 
himself back out of the portrait hole, and hurtled off 
along the seventhfloor corridor. 

He skidded to a halt beside the tapestry of dancing 
trolls, closed his eyes, and began to walk. 

I need a place to hide my book. ... I need a place to 
hide my book. ... I need a place to hide my book. . . . 

Three times he walked up and down in front of the 
stretch of blank wall. When he opened his eyes, there 
it was at last: the door to the Room of Requirement. 
Harry wrenched it open, flung himself inside, and 
slammed it shut. 

He gasped. Despite his haste, his panic, his fear of 
what awaited him back in the bathroom, he could not 
help but be overawed by what he was looking at. He 
was standing in a room the size of a large cathedral, 
whose high windows were sending shafts of light 
down upon what looked like a city with towering 
walls, built of what Harry knew must be objects 
hidden by generations of Hogwarts inhabitants. There 
were alleyways and roads bordered by teetering piles 
of broken and damaged furniture, stowed away, 
perhaps, to hide the evidence of mishandled magic, or 
else hidden by castleproud houseelves. There were 
thousands and thousands of books, no doubt banned 
or graffitied or stolen. There were winged catapults 
and Fanged Frisbees, some still with enough life in 
them to hover halfheartedly over the mountains of 
other forbidden items; there were chipped bottles of 
congealed potions, hats, jewels, cloaks; there were 
what looked like dragon eggshells, corked bottles 
  590 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




whose contents still shimmered evilly, several rusting 
swords, and a heavy, bloodstained axe. 

Harry hurried forward into one of the many alleyways 
between all this hidden treasure. He turned right past 
an enormous stuffed troll, ran on a short way, took a 
left at the broken Vanishing Cabinet in which 
Montague had got lost the previous year, finally 
pausing beside a large cupboard that seemed to have 
had acid thrown at its blistered surface. He opened 
one of the cupboards creaking doors: It had already 
been used as a hiding place for something in a cage 
that had long since died; its skeleton had five legs. He 
stuffed the HalfBlood Princes book behind the cage 
and slammed the door. He paused for a moment, his 
heart thumping horribly, gazing around at all the 
clutter. ... Would he be able to find this spot again 
amidst all this junk? Seizing the chipped bust of an 
ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate, he 
stood it on top of the cupboard where the book was 
now hidden, perched a dusty old wig and a tarnished 
tiara on the statues head to make it more distinctive, 
then sprinted back through the alleyways of hidden 
junk as fast as he could go, back to the door, back 
out onto the corridor, where he slammed the door 
behind him, and it turned at once back into stone. 

Harry ran flatout toward the bathroom on the floor 
below, cramming Rons copy of Advanced Potion 
Making into his bag as he did so. A minute later, he 
was back in front of Snape, who held out his hand 
wordlessly for Harrys schoolbag. Harry handed it 
over, panting, a searing pain in his chest, and waited. 

One by one, Snape extracted Harrys books and 
examined them. Finally, the only book left was the 
Potions book, which he looked at very carefully before 
speaking. 



  591 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




This is your copy of Advanced PotionMaking, is it, 
Potter? 

Yes, said Harry, still breathing hard. 

Youre quite sure of that, are you, Potter? 

Yes, said Harry, with a touch more defiance. 

This is the copy of Advanced PotionMaking that you 
purchased from Flourish and Blotts? 

Yes, said Harry firmly. 

Then why, asked Snape, does it have the name 
Roonil Wazlib written inside the front cover? 

Harrys heart missed a beat. Thats my nickname, 
he said. 

Your nickname, repeated Snape. 

Yeah ... thats what my friends call me, said Harry. 

I understand what a nickname is, said Snape. The 
cold, black eyes were boring once more into Harrys; 
he tried not to look into them. Close your mind. ... 
Close your mind. . . . But he had never learned how to 
do it properly. . . . 

Do you know what I think, Potter? said Snape, very 
quietly. I think that you are a liar and a cheat and 
that you deserve detention with me every Saturday 
until the end of term. What do you think, Potter? 

I  I dont agree, sir, said Harry, still refusing to 
look into Snape s eyes. 



  592 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, we shall see how you feel after your 
detentions, said Snape. Ten oclock Saturday 
morning, Potter. My office. 

But sir ... said Harry, looking up desperately. 
Quidditch ... the last match of the ... 

Ten oclock, whispered Snape, with a smile that 
showed his yellow teeth. Poor Gryffindor ... fourth 
place this year, I fear ... 

And he left the bathroom without another word, 
leaving Harry to stare into the cracked mirror, feeling 
sicker, he was sure, than Ron had ever felt in his life. 

I wont say I told you so,  said Hermione, an hour 
later in the common room. 

Leave it, Hermione, said Ron angrily. 

Harry had never made it to dinner; he had no appetite 
at all. He had just finished telling Ron, Hermione, and 
Ginny what had happened, not that there seemed to 
have been much need. The news had traveled very 
fast: Apparently Moaning Myrtle had taken it upon 
herself to pop up in every bathroom in the castle to 
tell the story; Malfoy had already been visited in the 
hospital wing by Pansy Parkinson, who had lost no 
time in vilifying Harry far and wide, and Snape had 
told the staff precisely what had happened. Harry had 
already been called out of the common room to 
endure fifteen highly unpleasant minutes in the 
company of Professor McGonagall, who had told him 
he was lucky not to have been expelled and that she 
supported wholeheartedly Snape s punishment of 
detention every Saturday until the end of term. 



  593 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I told you there was something wrong with that 
Prince person, Hermione said, evidently unable to 
stop herself. And I was right, wasnt I? 

No, I dont think you were, said Harry stubbornly. 

He was having a bad enough time without Hermione 
lecturing him; the looks on the Gryffindor teams 
faces when he had told them he would not be able to 
play on Saturday had been the worst punishment of 
all. He could feel Ginnys eyes on him now but did not 
meet them; he did not want to see disappointment or 
anger there. He had just told her that she would be 
playing Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be 
rejoining the team as Chaser in her place. Perhaps, if 
they won, Ginny and Dean would make up during the 
postmatch euphoria. ... The thought went through 
Harry like an icy knife. ... 

Harry, said Hermione, how can you still stick up 
for that book when that spell   

Will you stop harping on about the book! snapped 
Harry. The Prince only copied it out! Its not like he 
was advising anyone to use it! For all we know, he 
was making a note of something that had been used 
against him! 

I dont believe this, said Hermione. Youre actually 
defending   

Im not defending what I did! said Harry quickly. I 
wish I hadnt done it, and not just because Ive got 
about a dozen detentions. You know I wouldntve 
used a spell like that, not even on Malfoy, but you 
cant blame the Prince, he hadnt written try this out, 
its really good  he was just making notes for 
himself, wasnt he, not for anyone else. ... 



  594 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Are you telling me, said Hermione, that youre 
going to go back  ? 

And get the book? Yeah, I am, said Harry forcefully. 
Listen, without the Prince Id never have won the 
Felix Felicis. Id never have known how to save Ron 
from poisoning, Id never have   

  got a reputation for Potions brilliance you dont 
deserve, said Hermione nastily. 

Give it a rest, Hermione! said Ginny, and Harry was 
so amazed, so grateful, he looked up. By the sound 
of it, Malfoy was trying to use an Unforgivable Curse, 
you should be glad Harry had something good up his 
sleeve! 

Well, of course Im glad Harry wasnt cursed! said 
Hermione, clearly stung. But you cant call that 
Sectumsempra spell good, Ginny, look where its 
landed him! And Id have thought, seeing what this 
has done to your chances in the match   

Oh, dont start acting as though you understand 
Quidditch, snapped Ginny, youll only embarrass 
yourself. 

Harry and Ron stared: Hermione and Ginny, who had 
always got on together very well, were now sitting 
with their arms folded, glaring in opposite directions. 
Ron looked nervously at Harry, then snatched up a 
book at random and hid behind it. Harry, however, 
little though he knew he deserved it, felt unbelievably 
cheerful all of a sudden, even though none of them 
spoke again for the rest of the evening. 

His lightheartedness was shortlived. There were 
Slytherin taunts to be endured next day, not to 
mention much anger from fellow Gryffindors, who 

  595 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




were most unhappy that their Captain had got 
himself banned from the final match of the season. By 
Saturday morning, whatever he might have told 
Hermione, Harry would have gladly exchanged all the 
Felix Felicis in the world to be walking down to the 
Quidditch pitch with Ron, Ginny, and the others. It 
was almost unbearable to turn away from the mass of 
students streaming out into the sunshine, all of them 
wearing rosettes and hats and brandishing banners 
and scarves, to descend the stone steps into the 
dungeons and walk until the distant sounds of the 
crowd were quite obliterated, knowing that he would 
not be able to hear a word of commentary or a cheer 
or groan. 

Ah, Potter, said Snape, when Harry had knocked on 
his door and entered the unpleasantly familiar office 
that Snape, despite teaching floors above now, had 
not vacated; it was as dimly lit as ever and the same 
slimy dead objects were suspended in colored potions 
all around the walls. Ominously, there were many 
cobwebbed boxes piled on a table where Harry was 
clearly supposed to sit; they had an aura of tedious, 
hard, and pointless work about them. 

Mr. Filch has been looking for someone to clear out 
these old files, said Snape softly. They are the 
records of other Hogwarts wrongdoers and their 
punishments. Where the ink has grown faint, or the 
cards have suffered damage from mice, we would like 
you to copy out the crimes and punishments afresh 
and, making sure that they are in alphabetical order, 
replace them in the boxes. You will not use magic. 

Right, Professor, said Harry, with as much contempt 
as he could put into the last three syllables. 

I thought you could start, said Snape, a malicious 
smile on his lips, with boxes one thousand and 

  596 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




twelve to one thousand and fiftysix. You will find 
some familiar names in there, which should add 
interest to the task. Here, you see ... 

He pulled out a card from one of the topmost boxes 
with a flourish and read,  James Potter and Sirius 
Black. Apprehended using an illegal hex upon Bertram 
Aubrey. Aubreys head twice normal size. Double 
detention.  Snape sneered. It must be such a 
comfort to think that, though they are gone, a record 
of their great achievements remains. ... 

Harry felt the familiar boiling sensation in the pit of 
his stomach. Biting his tongue to prevent himself 
retaliating, he sat down in front of the boxes and 
pulled one toward him. 

It was, as Harry had anticipated, useless, boring 
work, punctuated (as Snape had clearly planned) with 
the regular jolt in the stomach that meant he had just 
read his father or Siriuss names, usually coupled 
together in various petty misdeeds, occasionally 
accompanied by those of Remus Lupin and Peter 
Pettigrew. And while he copied out all their various 
offenses and punishments, he wondered what was 
going on outside, where the match would have just 
started . . . Ginny playing Seeker against Cho . . . 

Harry glanced again and again at the large clock 
ticking on the wall. It seemed to be moving half as 
fast as a regular clock; perhaps Snape had bewitched 
it to go extra slowly? He could not have been here for 
only half an hour ... an hour ... an hour and a half. . . . 

Harrys stomach started rumbling when the clock 
showed half past twelve. Snape, who had not spoken 
at all since setting Harry his task, finally looked up at 
ten past one. 



  597 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I think that will do, he said coldly. Mark the place 
you have reached. You will continue at ten oclock 
next Saturday. 

Yes, sir. 

Harry stuffed a bent card into the box at random and 
hurried out of the door before Snape could change his 
mind, racing back up the stone steps, straining his 
ears to hear a sound from the pitch, but all was quiet. 
...It was over, then. ... 

He hesitated outside the crowded Great Hall, then ran 
up the marble staircase; whether Gryffindor had won 
or lost, the team usually celebrated or commiserated 
in their own common room. 

 Quid agis? he said tentatively to the Fat Lady, 
wondering what he would find inside. 

Her expression was unreadable as she replied, Youll 
see. 

And she swung forward. 

A roar of celebration erupted from the hole behind 
her. Harry gaped as people began to scream at the 
sight of him; several hands pulled him into the room. 

We won! yelled Ron, bounding into sight and 
brandishing the silver Cup at Harry. We won! Four 
hundred and fifty to a hundred and forty! We won! 

Harry looked around; there was Ginny running 
toward him; she had a hard, blazing look in her face 
as she threw her arms around him. And without 
thinking, without planning it, without worrying about 
the fact that fifty people were watching, Harry kissed 
her. 

  598 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




After several long moments  or it might have been 
half an hour  or possibly several sunlit days  they 
broke apart. The room had gone very quiet. Then 
several people wolfwhistled and there was an 
outbreak of nervous giggling. Harry looked over the 
top of Ginnys head to see Dean Thomas holding a 
shattered glass in his hand, and Romilda Vane 
looking as though she might throw something. 
Hermione was beaming, but Harrys eyes sought Ron. 
At last he found him, still clutching the Cup and 
wearing an expression appropriate to having been 
clubbed over the head. For a fraction of a second they 
looked at each other, then Ron gave a tiny jerk of the 
head that Harry understood to mean, Well  if you 
must. 

The creature in his chest roaring in triumph, he 
grinned down at Ginny and gestured wordlessly out of 
the portrait hole. A long walk in the grounds seemed 
indicated, during which  if they had time  they 
might discuss the match. 



  599 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






THE SEER OVERHEARD 

The fact that Harry Potter was going out with Ginny 
Weasley seemed to interest a great number of people, 
most of them girls, yet Harry found himself newly and 
happily impervious to gossip over the next few weeks. 
After all, it made a very nice change to be talked 
about because of something that was making him 
happier than he could remember being for a very long 
time, rather than because he had been involved in 
horrific scenes of Dark Magic. 

Youd think people had better things to gossip 
about, said Ginny, as she sat on the common room 
floor, leaning against Harrys legs and reading the 
Daily Prophet Three dementor attacks in a week, and 
all Romilda Vane does is ask me if its true youve got 
a hippogriff tattooed across your chest. 

Ron and Hermione both roared with laughter. Harry 
ignored them. 

What did you tell her? 



  600 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



I told her its a Hungarian Horntail, said Ginny, 
turning a  of the newspaper idly. Much more 
macho. 



Thanks, said Harry, grinning. And what did you tell 
her Rons got? 

A Pygmy Puff, but I didnt say where. 

Ron scowled as Hermione rolled around laughing. 

Watch it, he said, pointing warningly at Harry and 
Ginny. Just because Ive given my permission doesnt 
mean I cant withdraw it   

 Your permission,  scoffed Ginny. Since when did 
you give me permission to do anything? Anyway, you 
said yourself youd rather it was Harry than Michael 
or Dean. 

Yeah, I would, said Ron grudgingly. And just as 
long as you dont start snogging each other in public 



You filthy hypocrite! What about you and Lavender, 
thrashing around like a pair of eels all over the 
place? demanded Ginny. 

But Rons tolerance was not to be tested much as 
they moved into June, for Harry and Ginnys time 
together was becoming increasingly restricted. 

Ginnys O.W.L.s were approaching and she was 
therefore forced to study for hours into the night. On 
one such evening, when Ginny had retired to the 
library, and Harry was sitting beside the window in 
the common room, supposedly finishing his 
Herbology homework but in reality reliving a 
particularly happy hour he had spent down by the 
lake with Ginny at lunchtime, Hermione dropped into 
  601 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the seat between him and Ron with an unpleasantly 
purposeful look on her face. 

I want to talk to you, Harry. 

What about? said Harry suspiciously. Only the 
previous day, Hermione had told him off for 
distracting Ginny when she ought to be working hard 
for her examinations. 

The socalled HalfBlood Prince. 

Oh, not again, he groaned. Will you please drop it? 

He had not dared to return to the Room of 
Requirement to retrieve his book, and his 
performance in Potions was suffering accordingly 
(though Slughorn, who approved of Ginny, had 
jocularly attributed this to Harry being lovesick). But 
Harry was sure that Snape had not yet given up hope 
of laying hands on the Princes book, and was 
determined to leave it where it was while Snape 
remained on the lookout. 

Im not dropping it, said Hermione firmly, until 
youve heard me out. Now, Ive been trying to find out 
a bit about who might make a hobby of inventing 
Dark spells   

He didnt make a hobby of it   

He, he  who says its a he? 

Weve been through this, said Harry crossly. Prince, 
Hermione, PrinceV 

Right! said Hermione, red patches blazing in her 
cheeks as she pulled a very old piece of newsprint out 



  602 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




of her pocket and slammed it down on the table in 
front of Harry. Look at that! Look at the picture! 



Harry picked up the crumbling piece of paper and 
stared at the moving photograph, yellowed with age; 
Ron leaned over for a look too. The picture showed a 
skinny girl of around fifteen. She was not pretty; she 
looked simultaneously cross and sullen, with heavy 
brows and a long, pallid face. Underneath the 
photograph was the caption: EILEEN PRINCE, 
CAPTAIN OF THE HOGWARTS GOBSTONES TEAM. 

So? said Harry, scanning the short news item to 
which the picture belonged; it was a rather dull story 
about interschool competitions. 

Her name was Eileen Prince. Prince, Harry. 

They looked at each other, and Harry realized what 
Hermione was trying to say. He burst out laughing. 

No way. 

What? 

You think she was the HalfBlood ... ? Oh, come on. 

Well, why not? Harry, there arent any real princes in 
the Wizarding world! Its either a nickname, a made 
up title somebodys given themselves, or it could be 
their actual name, couldnt it? No, listen! If, say, her 
father was a wizard whose surname was Prince, and 
her mother was a Muggle, then that would make her 
a halfblood Prince! 

Yeah, very ingenious, Hermione ... 

But it would! Maybe she was proud of being half a 
Prince! 

  603 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Listen, Hermione, I can tell its not a girl. I can just 
tell. 



The truth is that you dont think a girl would have 
been clever enough, said Hermione angrily. 

How can I have hung round with you for five years 
and not think girls are clever? said Harry, stung by 
this. Its the way he writes, I just know the Prince 
was a bloke, I can tell. This girl hasnt got anything to 
do with it. Where did you get this anyway? 

The library, said Hermione predictably. Theres a 
whole collection of old Prophets up there. Well, Im 
going to find out more about Eileen Prince if I can. 

Enjoy yourself, said Harry irritably. 

I will, said Hermione. And the first place Ill look, 
she shot at him, as she reached the portrait hole, is 
records of old Potions awards! 

Harry scowled after her for a moment, then continued 
his contemplation of the darkening sky. 

Shes just never got over you outperforming her in 
Potions, said Ron, returning to his copy of A 
Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi. 

You dont think Im mad, wanting that book back, do 
you? 

 Course not, said Ron robustly. He was a genius, 
the Prince. Anyway ... without his bezoar tip ... He 
drew his finger significantly across his own throat. I 
wouldnt be here to discuss it, would I? I mean, Im 
not saying that spell you used on Malfoy was great   

Nor am I, said Harry quickly. 

  604 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But he healed all right, didnt he? Back on his feet in 
no time. 

Yeah, said Harry; this was perfectly true, although 
his conscience squirmed slightly all the same. 

Thanks to Snape ... 

You still got detention with Snape this Saturday? 
Ron continued. 

Yeah, and the Saturday after that, and the Saturday 
after that, sighed Harry. And hes hinting now that if 
I dont get all the boxes done by the end of term, well 
carry on next year. 

He was finding these detentions particularly irksome 
because they cut into the already limited time he 
could have been spending with Ginny. Indeed, he had 
frequently wondered lately whether Snape did not 
know this, for he was keeping Harry later and later 
every time, while making pointed asides about Harry 
having to miss the good weather and the varied 
opportunities it offered. 

Harry was shaken from these bitter reflections by the 
appearance at his side of Jimmy Peakes, who was 
holding out a scroll of parchment. 

Thanks, Jimmy ... Hey, its from Dumbledore! said 
Harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and 
scanning it. He wants me to go to his office as quick 
as I can! 

They stared at each other. 

Blimey, whispered Ron. You dont reckon ... he 
hasnt found ... ? 



  605 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Better go and see, hadnt I? said Harry, jumping to 
his feet. 

He hurried out of the common room and along the 
seventh floor as fast as he could, passing nobody but 
Peeves, who swooped past in the opposite direction, 
throwing bits of chalk at Harry in a routine sort of 
way and cackling loudly as he dodged Harrys 
defensive jinx. Once Peeves had vanished, there was 
silence in the corridors; with only fifteen minutes left 
until curfew, most people had already returned to 
their common rooms. 

And then Harry heard a scream and a crash. He 
stopped in his tracks, listening. 

How  dare  you  aaaaargh! 

The noise was coming from a corridor nearby; Harry 
sprinted toward it, his wand at the ready, hurtled 
around another corner, and saw Professor Trelawney 
sprawled upon the floor, her head covered in one of 
her many shawls, several sherry bottles lying beside 
her, one broken. 

Professor   

Harry hurried forward and helped Professor 
Trelawney to her feet. Some of her glittering beads 
had become entangled with her glasses. She hiccuped 
loudly, patted her hair, and pulled herself up on 
Harrys helping arm. 

What happened, Professor? 

You may well ask! she said shrilly. I was strolling 
along, brooding upon certain dark portents I happen 
to have glimpsed ... 



  606 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But Harry was not paying much attention. He had 
just noticed where they were standing: There on the 
right was the tapestry of dancing trolls, and on the 
left, that smoothly impenetrable stretch of stone wall 
that concealed  

Professor, were you trying to get into the Room of 
Requirement? 

"... omens I have been vouchsafed  what? She 
looked suddenly shifty. 

The Room of Requirement, repeated Harry. Were 
you trying to get in there? 

I  well  I didnt know students knew about   

Not all of them do, said Harry. But what happened? 
You screamed. ... It sounded as though you were 
hurt. ... 

I  well, said Professor Trelawney, drawing her 
shawls around her defensively and staring down at 
him with her vastly magnified eyes. I wished to  ah 
 deposit certain  um  personal items in the 
room. ... And she muttered something about nasty 
accusations. 

Right, said Harry, glancing down at the sherry 
bottles. But you couldnt get in and hide them? 

He found this very odd; the room had opened for him, 
after all, when he had wanted to hide the HalfBlood 
Princes book. 

Oh, I got in all right, said Professor Trelawney, 
glaring at the wall. But there was somebody already 
in there. 



  607 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Somebody in  ? Who? demanded Harry. Who was 
in there? 

I have no idea, said Professor Trelawney, looking 
slightly taken aback at the urgency in Harrys voice. I 
walked into the room and I heard a voice, which has 
never happened before in all my years of hiding  of 
using the room, I mean. 

A voice? Saying what? 

I dont know that it was saying anything, said 
Professor Trelawney. It was ... whooping. 

 Whooping? 

Gleefully, she said, nodding. 

Harry stared at her. 

Was it male or female? 

I would hazard a guess at male, said Professor 
Trelawney. 

And it sounded happy? 

Very happy, said Professor Trelawney sniffily. 

As though it was celebrating? 

Most definitely. 

And then  ? 

And then I called out Whos there?  

You couldnt have found out who it was without 
asking? Harry asked her, slightly frustrated. 

  608 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The Inner Eye, said Professor Trelawney with 
dignity, straightening her shawls and many strands of 
glittering beads, was fixed upon matters well outside 
the mundane realms of whooping voices. 

Right, said Harry hastily; he had heard about 
Professor Trelawneys Inner Eye all too often before. 
And did the voice say who was there? 

No, it did not, she said. Everything went pitch 
black and the next thing I knew, I was being hurled 
headfirst out of the room! 

And you didnt see that coming? said Harry, unable 
to help himself. 

No, I did not, as I say, it was pitch   She stopped 
and glared at him suspiciously. 

I think youd better tell Professor Dumbledore, said 
Harry. He ought to know Malfoys celebrating  I 
mean, that someone threw you out of the room. 

To his surprise, Professor Trelawney drew herself up 
at this suggestion, looking haughty. 

The headmaster has intimated that he would prefer 
fewer visits from me, she said coldly. I am not one to 
press my company upon those who do not value it. If 
Dumbledore chooses to ignore the warnings the cards 
show   Her bony hand closed suddenly around 
Harrys wrist. Again and again, no matter how I lay 
them out   And she pulled a card dramatically from 
underneath her shawls.   the lightningstruck 
tower, she whispered. Calamity. Disaster. Coming 
nearer all the time ... 

Right, said Harry again. Well ... I still think you 
should tell Dumbledore about this voice, and 

  609 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




everything going dark and being thrown out of the 
room. ... 

You think so? Professor Trelawney seemed to 
consider the matter for a moment, but Harry could 
tell that she liked the idea of retelling her little 
adventure. 

Im going to see him right now, said Harry. Ive got 
a meeting with him. We could go together. 

Oh, well, in that case, said Professor Trelawney with 
a smile. She bent down, scooped up her sherry 
bottles, and dumped them unceremoniously in a large 
blueandwhite vase standing in a nearby niche. 

I miss having you in my classes, Harry, she said 
soulfully as they set off together. You were never 
much of a Seer ... but you were a wonderful Object 



Harry did not reply; he had loathed being the Object 
of Professor Trelawneys continual predictions of 
doom. 

I am afraid, she went on, that the nag  Im sorry, 
the centaur  knows nothing of cartomancy. I asked 
him  one Seer to another  had he not, too, sensed 
the distant vibrations of coming catastrophe? But he 
seemed to find me almost comical. Yes, comical! 

Her voice rose rather hysterically, and Harry caught a 
powerful whiff of sherry even though the bottles had 
been left behind. 

Perhaps the horse has heard people say that I have 
not inherited my greatgreatgrandmothers gift. 

Those rumors have been bandied about by the jealous 
for years. You know what I say to such people, Harry? 

  610 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Would Dumbledore have let me teach at this great 
school, put so much trust in me all these years, had I 
not proved myself to him? 

Harry mumbled something indistinct. 

I well remember my first interview with Dumbledore, 
went on Professor Trelawney, in throaty tones. He 
was deeply impressed, of course, deeply impressed. ... 
I was staying at the Hogs Head, which I do not 
advise, incidentally  bedbugs, dear boy  but funds 
were low. Dumbledore did me the courtesy of calling 
upon me in my room. He questioned me. ... I must 
confess that, at first, I thought he seemed illdisposed 
toward Divination . . . and I remember I was starting to 
feel a little odd, I had not eaten much that day ... but 
then ... 

And now Harry was paying attention properly for the 
first time, for he knew what had happened then: 
Professor Trelawney had made the prophecy that had 
altered the course of his whole life, the prophecy 
about him and Voldemort. 

"... but then we were rudely interrupted by Severus 
Snape! 

What? 

Yes, there was a commotion outside the door and it 
flew open, and there was that rather uncouth barman 
standing with Snape, who was waffling about having 
come the wrong way up the stairs, although Im afraid 
that I myself rather thought he had been 
apprehended eavesdropping on my interview with 
Dumbledore  you see, he himself was seeking a job 
at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tips! Well, 
after that, you know, Dumbledore seemed much more 
disposed to give me a job, and I could not help 
  611 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




thinking, Harry, that it was because he appreciated 
the stark contrast between my own unassuming 
manners and quiet talent, compared to the pushing, 
thrusting young man who was prepared to listen at 
keyholes  Harry, dear? 

She looked back over her shoulder, having only just 
realized that Harry was no longer with her; he had 
stopped walking and they were now ten feet from each 
other. 

Harry? she repeated uncertainly. 

Perhaps his face was white to make her look so 
concerned and frightened. Harry was standing stock 
still as waves of shock crashed over him, wave after 
wave, obliterating everything except the information 
that had been kept from him for so long. . . . 

It was Snape who had overheard the prophecy. It was 
Snape who had carried the news of the prophecy to 
Voldemort. Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had 
sent Voldemort hunting after Lily and James and 
their son. ... 

Nothing else mattered to Harry just now. 

Harry? said Professor Trelawney again. Harry  I 
thought we were going to see the headmaster 
together? 

You stay here, said Harry through numb lips. 

But dear ... I was going to tell him how I was 
assaulted in the Room of   

You stay here! Harry repeated angrily. 



  612 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She looked alarmed as he ran past her, around the 
corner into Dumbledores corridor, where the lone 
gargoyle stood sentry. Harry shouted the password at 
the gargoyle and ran up the moving spiral staircase 
three steps at a time. He did not knock upon 
Dumbledores door, he hammered; and the calm voice 
answered, Enter after Harry had already flung 
himself into the room. 

Fawkes the phoenix looked around, his bright black 
eyes gleaming with reflected gold from the sunset 
beyond the windows. Dumbledore was standing at the 
window looking out at the grounds, a long, black 
traveling cloak in his arms. 

Well, Harry, I promised that you could come with 
me. 

For a moment or two, Harry did not understand; the 
conversation with Trelawney had driven everything 
else out of his head and his brain seemed to be 
moving very slowly. 

Come . . . with you ... ? 

Only if you wish it, of course. 

If I ... 

And then Harry remembered why he had been eager 
to come to Dumbledores office in the first place. 
Youve found one? Youve found a Horcrux? 

I believe so. 

Rage and resentment fought shock and excitement: 
For several moments, Harry could not speak. 

It is natural to be afraid, said Dumbledore. 

  613 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




Tm not scared! said Harry at once, and it was 
perfectly true; fear was one emotion he was not 
feeling at all. Which Horcrux is it? Where is it? 

I am not sure which it is  though I think we can 
rule out the snake  but I believe it to be hidden in a 
cave on the coast many miles from here, a cave I have 
been trying to locate for a very long time: the cave in 
which Tom Riddle once terrorized two children from 
his orphanage on their annual trip; you remember? 

Yes, said Harry. How is it protected? 

I do not know; I have suspicions that may be entirely 
wrong. Dumbledore hesitated, then said, Harry, I 
promised you that you could come with me, and I 
stand by that promise, but it would be very wrong of 
me not to warn you that this will be exceedingly 
dangerous. 

Im coming, said Harry, almost before Dumbledore 
had finished speaking. Boiling with anger at Snape, 
his desire to do something desperate and risky had 
increased tenfold in the last few minutes. This 
seemed to show on Harrys face, for Dumbledore 
moved away from the window and looked more closely 
at Harry, a slight crease between his silver eyebrows. 

What has happened to you? 

Nothing, lied Harry promptly. 

What has upset you? 

Im not upset. 

Harry, you were never a good Occlumens   



The word was the spark that ignited Harrys fury. 

  614 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Snape! he said, very loudly, and Fawkes gave a soft 
squawk behind them. Snapes whats happened! He 
told Voldemort about the prophecy, it was him, he 
listened outside the door, Trelawney told me! 

Dumbledores expression did not change, but Harry 
thought his face whitened under the bloody tinge cast 
by the setting sun. For a long moment, Dumbledore 
said nothing. When did you find out about this? he 
asked at last. 

Just now! said Harry, who was refraining from 
yelling with enormous difficulty. And then, suddenly, 
he could not stop himself. AND YOU LET HIM 
TEACH HERE AND HE TOLD VOLDEMORT TO GO 
AFTER MY MUM AND DAD! 

Breathing hard as though he was fighting, Harry 
turned away from Dumbledore, who still had not 
moved a muscle, and paced up and down the study, 
rubbing his knuckles in his hand and exercising 
every last bit of restraint to prevent himself knocking 
things over. He wanted to rage and storm at 
Dumbledore, but he also wanted to go with him to try 
and destroy the Horcrux; he wanted to tell him that 
he was a foolish old man for trusting Snape, but he 
was terrified that Dumbledore would not take him 
along unless he mastered his anger. ... 

Harry, said Dumbledore quietly. Please listen to 
me. 

It was as difficult to stop his relentless pacing as to 
refrain from shouting. Harry paused, biting his lip, 
and looked into Dumbledores lined face. 

Professor Snape made a terrible   



  615 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dont tell me it was a mistake, sir, he was listening 
at the door! 

Please let me finish. Dumbledore waited until Harry 
had nodded curtly, then went on. Professor Snape 
made a terrible mistake. He was still in Lord 
Voldemorts employ on the night he heard the first 
half of Professor Trelawneys prophecy. Naturally, he 
hastened to tell his master what he had heard, for it 
concerned his master most deeply. But he did not 
know  he had no possible way of knowing  which 
boy Voldemort would hunt from then onward, or that 
the parents he would destroy in his murderous quest 
were people that Professor Snape knew, that they 
were your mother and father   

Harry let out a yell of mirthless laughter. 

He hated my dad like he hated Sirius! Havent you 
noticed, Professor, how the people Snape hates tend 
to end up dead? 

You have no idea of the remorse Professor Snape felt 
when he realized how Lord Voldemort had interpreted 
the prophecy, Harry. I believe it to be the greatest 
regret of his life and the reason that he returned   

But hes a very good Occlumens, isnt he, sir? said 
Harry, whose voice was shaking with the effort of 
keeping it steady. And isnt Voldemort convinced that 
Snapes on his side, even now? Professor ... how can 
you be sure Snapes on our side? 

Dumbledore did not speak for a moment; he looked as 
though he was trying to make up his mind about 
something. At last he said, I am sure. I trust Severus 
Snape completely. 



  616 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry breathed deeply for a few moments in an effort 
to steady himself. It did not work. 

Well, I dont! he said, as loudly as before. Hes up to 
something with Draco Malfoy right now, right under 
your nose, and you still   

We have discussed this, Harry, said Dumbledore, 
and now he sounded stern again. I have told you my 
views. 

Youre leaving the school tonight, and Ill bet you 
havent even considered that Snape and Malfoy might 
decide to   

To what? asked Dumbledore, his eyebrows raised. 
What is it that you suspect them of doing, precisely? 

I ... theyre up to something! said Harry, and his 
hands curled into fists as he said it. Professor 
Trelawney was just in the Room of Requirement, 
trying to hide her sherry bottles, and she heard 
Malfoy whooping, celebrating! Hes trying to mend 
something dangerous in there and if you ask me, hes 
fixed it at last and youre about to just walk out of 
school without   

Enough, said Dumbledore. He said it quite calmly, 
and yet Harry fell silent at once; he knew that he had 
finally crossed some invisible line. Do you think that 
I have once left the school unprotected during my 
absences this year? I have not. Tonight, when I leave, 
there will again be additional protection in place. 
Please do not suggest that I do not take the safety of 
my students seriously, Harry. 

I didnt   mumbled Harry, a little abashed, but 
Dumbledore cut across him. 



  617 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I do not wish to discuss the matter any further. 

Harry bit back his retort, scared that he had gone too 
far, that he had ruined his chance of accompanying 
Dumbledore, but Dumbledore went on, Do you wish 
to come with me tonight? 

Yes, said Harry at once. 

Very well, then: Listen. Dumbledore drew himself up 
to his full height. I take you with me on one 
condition: that you obey any command I might give 
you at once, and without question. 

Of course. 

Be sure to understand me, Harry. I mean that you 
must follow even such orders as run, hide, or go 
back. Do I have your word? 

I  yes, of course. 

If I tell you to hide, you will do so? 

Yes. 

If I tell you to flee, you will obey? 

Yes. 

If I tell you to leave me and save yourself, you will do 
as I tell you? 



Harry? 

They looked at each other for a moment. 



  618 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yes, sir. 



Very good. Then I wish you to go and fetch your 
Invisibility Cloak and meet me in the entrance hall in 
five minutes time. 

Dumbledore turned back to look out of the fiery 
window; the sun was now a ruby red glare along the 
horizon. Harry walked quickly from the office and 
down the spiral staircase. His mind was oddly clear 
all of a sudden. He knew what to do. 

Ron and Hermione were sitting together in the 
common room when he came back. What does he 
want? Hermione said at once. Harry, are you okay? 
she added anxiously. 

Im fine, said Harry shortly, racing past them. He 
dashed up the stairs and into his dormitory, where he 
flung open his trunk and pulled out the Marauders 
Map and a pair of balledup socks. Then he sped back 
down the stairs and into the common room, skidding 
to a halt where Ron and Hermione sat, looking 
stunned. 

Ive got to be quick, Harry panted. Dumbledore 
thinks Im getting my Invisibility Cloak. Listen. ... 

Quickly he told them where he was going and why. He 
did not pause either for Hermione s gasps of horror or 
for Rons hasty questions; they could work out the 
finer details for themselves later. 

... so you see what this means? Harry finished at a 
gallop. Dumbledore wont be here tonight, so 
Malfoys going to have another clear shot at whatever 
hes up to. No, listen to me! he hissed angrily, as both 
Ron and Hermione showed every sign of interrupting. 
I know it was Malfoy celebrating in the Room of 
  619 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Requirement. Here   He shoved the Marauders Map 
into Hermiones hands. Youve got to watch him and 
youve got to watch Snape too. Use anyone else who 
you can rustle up from the D.A., Hermione, those 
contact Galleons will still work, right? Dumbledore 
says hes put extra protection in the school, but if 
Snape s involved, hell know what Dumbledore s 
protection is, and how to avoid it  but he wont be 
expecting you lot to be on the watch, will he? 

Harry   began Hermione, her eyes huge with fear. 

I havent got time to argue, said Harry curtly. Take 
this as well   

He thrust the socks into Rons hands. 

Thanks, said Ron. Er  why do I need socks? 

You need whats wrapped in them, its the Felix 
Felicis. Share it between yourselves and Ginny too. 
Say goodbye to her for me. Id better go, 

Dumbledore s waiting   

No! said Hermione, as Ron unwrapped the tiny little 
bottle of golden potion, looking awestruck. We dont 
want it, you take it, who knows what youre going to 
be facing? 

Ill be fine, Ill be with Dumbledore, said Harry. I 
want to know you lot are okay. ... Dont look like that, 
Hermione, Ill see you later. ... 

And he was off, hurrying back through the portrait 
hole and toward the entrance hall. 

Dumbledore was waiting beside the oaken front 
doors. He turned as Harry came skidding out onto the 



  620 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




topmost stone step, panting hard, a searing stitch in 
his side. 

I would like you to wear your cloak, please, said 
Dumbledore, and he waited until Harry had thrown it 
on before saying, Very good. Shall we go? 

Dumbledore set off at once down the stone steps, his 
own traveling cloak barely stirring in the still summer 
air. Harry hurried alongside him under the Invisibility 
Cloak, still panting and sweating rather a lot. 

But what will people think when they see you 
leaving, Professor? Harry asked, his mind on Malfoy 
and Snape. 

That I am off into Hogsmeade for a drink, said 
Dumbledore lightly. I sometimes offer Rosmerta my 
custom, or else visit the Hogs Head ... or I appear to. 
It is as good a way as any of disguising ones true 
destination. 

They made their way down the drive in the gathering 
twilight. The air was full of the smells of warm grass, 
lake water, and wood smoke from Hagrids cabin. It 
was difficult to believe that they were heading for 
anything dangerous or frightening. 

Professor, said Harry quietly, as the gates at the 
bottom of the drive came into view, will we be 
Apparating? 

Yes, said Dumbledore. You can Apparate now, I 
believe? 

Yes, said Harry, but I havent got a license. 



  621 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He felt it best to be honest; what if he spoiled 
everything by turning up a hundred miles from where 
he was supposed to go? 

No matter, said Dumbledore, I can assist you 
again. 

They turned out of the gates into the twilit, deserted 
lane to Hogsmeade. Darkness descended fast as they 
walked, and by the time they reached the High Street 
night was falling in earnest. Lights twinkled from 
windows over shops and as they neared the Three 
Broomsticks they heard raucous shouting. 

  and stay out! shouted Madam Rosmerta, forcibly 
ejecting a grubbylooking wizard. Oh, hello, Albus ... 
Youre out late ... 

Good evening, Rosmerta, good evening ... forgive me, 
Im off to the Hogs Head. ... No offense, but I feel like 
a quieter atmosphere tonight. ... 

A minute later they turned the corner into the side 
street where the Hogs Heads sign creaked a little, 
though there was no breeze. In contrast to the Three 
Broomsticks, the pub appeared to be completely 
empty. 

It will not be necessary for us to enter, muttered 
Dumbledore, glancing around. As long as nobody 
sees us go ... now place your hand upon my arm, 
Harry. There is no need to grip too hard, I am merely 
guiding you. On the count of three ... One ... two ... 
three ... 

Harry turned. At once, there was that horrible 
sensation that he was being squeezed through a thick 
rubber tube; he could not draw breath, every part of 
him was being compressed almost past endurance 

  622 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




and then, just when he thought he must suffocate, 
the invisible bands seemed to burst open, and he was 
standing in cool darkness, breathing in lungfuls of 
fresh, salty air. 



  623 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   







THE CAVE 

Harry could smell salt and hear rushing waves; a 
light, chilly breeze ruffled his hair as he looked out at 
moonlit sea and starstrewn sky. He was standing 
upon a high outcrop of dark rock, water foaming and 
churning below him. He glanced over his shoulder. A 
towering cliff stood behind them, a sheer drop, black 
and faceless. A few large chunks of rock, such as the 
one upon which Harry and Dumbledore were 
standing, looked as though they had broken away 
from the cliff face at some point in the past. It was a 
bleak, harsh view, the sea and the rock unrelieved by 
any tree or sweep of grass or sand. 

What do you think? asked Dumbledore. He might 
have been asking Harrys opinion on whether it was a 
good site for a picnic. 

They brought the kids from the orphanage here? 
asked Harry, who could not imagine a less cozy spot 
for a day trip. 



  624 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



Not here, precisely, said Dumbledore. There is a 
village of sorts about halfway along the cliffs behind 
us. I believe the orphans were taken there for a little 
sea air and a view of the waves. No, I think it was only 
ever Tom Riddle and his youthful victims who visited 
this spot. No Muggle could reach this rock unless 
they were uncommonly good mountaineers, and boats 
cannot approach the cliffs, the waters around them 
are too dangerous. I imagine that Riddle climbed 
down; magic would have served better than ropes. 

And he brought two small children with him, 
probably for the pleasure of terrorizing them. I think 
the journey alone would have done it, dont you? 

Harry looked up at the cliff again and felt goose 
bumps. 

But his final destination  and ours  lies a little 
farther on. Come. 

Dumbledore beckoned Harry to the very edge of the 
rock where a series of jagged niches made footholds 
leading down to boulders that lay halfsubmerged in 
water and closer to the cliff. It was a treacherous 
descent and Dumbledore, hampered slightly by his 
withered hand, moved slowly. The lower rocks were 
slippery with seawater. Harry could feel flecks of cold 
salt spray hitting his face. 

Lumos, said Dumbledore, as he reached the boulder 
closest to the cliff face. A thousand flecks of golden 
light sparkled upon the dark surface of the water a 
few feet below where he crouched; the black wall of 
rock beside him was illuminated too. 

You see? said Dumbledore quietly, holding his wand 
a little higher. Harry saw a fissure in the cliff into 
which dark water was swirling. 



  625 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You will not object to getting a little wet? 

No, said Harry. 

Then take off your Invisibility Cloak  there is no 
need for it now  and let us take the plunge. 

And with the sudden agility of a much younger man, 
Dumbledore slid from the boulder, landed in the sea, 
and began to swim, with a perfect breaststroke, 
toward the dark slit in the rock face, his lit wand held 
in his teeth. Harry pulled off his cloak, stuffed it into 
his pocket, and followed. 

The water was icy; Harrys waterlogged clothes 
billowed around him and weighed him down. Taking 
deep breaths that filled his nostrils with the tang of 
salt and seaweed, he struck out for the shimmering, 
shrinking light now moving deeper into the cliff. 

The fissure soon opened into a dark tunnel that Harry 
could tell would be filled with water at high tide. The 
slimy walls were barely three feet apart and 
glimmered like wet tar in the passing light of 
Dumbledore s wand. A little way in, the passageway 
curved to the left, and Harry saw that it extended far 
into the cliff. He continued to swim in Dumbledore s 
wake, the tips of his benumbed fingers brushing the 
rough, wet rock. 

Then he saw Dumbledore rising out of the water 
ahead, his silver hair and dark robes gleaming. When 
Harry reached the spot he found steps that led into a 
large cave. He clambered up them, water streaming 
from his soaking clothes, and emerged, shivering 
uncontrollably, into the still and freezing air. 



  626 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore was standing in the middle of the cave, 
his wand held high as he turned slowly on the spot, 
examining the walls and ceiling. 

Yes, this is the place, said Dumbledore. 

How can you tell? Harry spoke in a whisper. 

It has known magic, said Dumbledore simply. 

Harry could not tell whether the shivers he was 
experiencing were due to his spinedeep coldness or 
to the same awareness of enchantments. He watched 
as Dumbledore continued to revolve on the spot, 
evidently concentrating on things Harry could not see. 

This is merely the antechamber, the entrance hall, 
said Dumbledore after a moment or two. We need to 
penetrate the inner place. ... Now it is Lord 
Voldemorts obstacles that stand in our way, rather 
than those nature made. ... 

Dumbledore approached the wall of the cave and 
caressed it with his blackened fingertips, murmuring 
words in a strange tongue that Harry did not 
understand. Twice Dumbledore walked right around 
the cave, touching as much of the rough rock as he 
could, occasionally pausing, running his fingers 
backward and forward over a particular spot, until 
finally he stopped, his hand pressed flat against the 
wall. 

Here, he said. We go on through here. The entrance 
is concealed. 

Harry did not ask how Dumbledore knew. He had 
never seen a wizard work things out like this, simply 
by looking and touching; but Harry had long since 



  627 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




learned that bangs and smoke were more often the 
marks of ineptitude than expertise. 

Dumbledore stepped back from the cave wall and 
pointed his wand at the rock. For a moment, an 
arched outline appeared there, blazing white as 
though there was a powerful light behind the crack. 

Youve ddone it! said Harry through chattering 
teeth, but before the words had left his lips the 
outline had gone, leaving the rock as bare and solid 
as ever. Dumbledore looked around. 

Harry, Im so sorry, I forgot, he said; he now pointed 
his wand at Harry and at once, Harrys clothes were 
as warm and dry as if they had been hanging in front 
of a blazing fire. 

Thank you, said Harry gratefully, but Dumbledore 
had already turned his attention back to the solid 
cave wall. He did not try any more magic, but simply 
stood there staring at it intently, as though something 
extremely interesting was written on it. Harry stayed 
quite still; he did not want to break Dumbledores 
concentration. Then, after two solid minutes, 
Dumbledore said quietly, Oh, surely not. So crude. 

What is it, Professor? 

I rather think, said Dumbledore, putting his 
uninjured hand inside his robes and drawing out a 
short silver knife of the kind Harry used to chop 
potion ingredients, that we are required to make 
payment to pass. 

Payment? said Harry. Youve got to give the door 
something? 



  628 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Yes, said Dumbledore. Blood, if I am not much 
mistaken. 

Blood? 

I said it was crude, said Dumbledore, who sounded 
disdainful, even disappointed, as though Voldemort 
had fallen short of the standards Dumbledore 
expected. The idea, as I am sure you will have 
gathered, is that your enemy must weaken him or 
herself to enter. Once again, Lord Voldemort fails to 
grasp that there are much more terrible things than 
physical injury. 

Yeah, but still, if you can avoid it ... said Harry, who 
had experienced enough pain not to be keen for more. 

Sometimes, however, it is unavoidable, said 
Dumbledore, shaking back the sleeve of his robes and 
exposing the forearm of his injured hand. 

Professor! protested Harry, hurrying forward as 
Dumbledore raised his knife. Ill do it, Im   

He did not know what he was going to say  younger, 
fitter? But Dumbledore merely smiled. There was a 
flash of silver, and a spurt of scarlet; the rock face 
was peppered with dark, glistening drops. 

You are very kind, Harry, said Dumbledore, now 
passing the tip of his wand over the deep cut he had 
made in his own arm, so that it healed instantly, just 
as Snape had healed Malfoys wounds. But your 
blood is worth more than mine. Ah, that seems to 
have done the trick, doesnt it? 

The blazing silver outline of an arch had appeared in 
the wall once more, and this time it did not fade 
away: The bloodspattered rock within it simply 

  629 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




vanished, leaving an opening into what seemed total 
darkness. 

After me, I think, said Dumbledore, and he walked 
through the archway with Harry on his heels, lighting 
his own wand hastily as he went. 

An eerie sight met their eyes: They were standing on 
the edge of a great black lake, so vast that Harry 
could not make out the distant banks, in a cavern so 
high that the ceiling too was out of sight. A misty 
greenish light shone far away in what looked like the 
middle of the lake; it was reflected in the completely 
still water below. The greenish glow and the light from 
the two wands were the only things that broke the 
otherwise velvety blackness, though their rays did not 
penetrate as far as Harry would have expected. The 
darkness was somehow denser than normal 
darkness. 

Let us walk, said Dumbledore quietly. Be very 
careful not to step into the water. Stay close to me. 

He set off around the edge of the lake, and Harry 
followed close behind him. Their footsteps made 
echoing, slapping sounds on the narrow rim of rock 
that surrounded the water. On and on they walked, 
but the view did not vary: on one side of them, the 
rough cavern wall, on the other, the boundless 
expanse of smooth, glassy blackness, in the very 
middle of which was that mysterious greenish glow. 
Harry found the place and the silence oppressive, 
unnerving. 

Professor? he said finally. Do you think the 
Horcrux is here? 

Oh yes, said Dumbledore. Yes, Im sure it is. The 
question is, how do we get to it? 

  630 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




We couldnt ... we couldnt just try a Summoning 
Charm? Harry said, sure that it was a stupid 
suggestion. But he was much keener than he was 
prepared to admit on getting out of this place as soon 
as possible. 

Certainly we could, said Dumbledore, stopping so 
suddenly that Harry almost walked into him. Why 
dont you do it? 

Me? Oh ... okay ... 

Harry had not expected this, but cleared his throat 
and said loudly, wand aloft, Accio Horcruxl 

With a noise like an explosion, something very large 
and pale erupted out of the dark water some twenty 
feet away; before Harry could see what it was, it had 
vanished again with a crashing splash that made 
great, deep ripples on the mirrored surface. Harry 
leapt backward in shock and hit the wall; his heart 
was still thundering as he turned to Dumbledore. 

What was that? 

Something, I think, that is ready to respond should 
we attempt to seize the Horcrux. 

Harry looked back at the water. The surface of the 
lake was once more shining black glass: The ripples 
had vanished unnaturally fast; Harrys heart, 
however, was still pounding. 

Did you think that would happen, sir? 

I thought something would happen if we made an 
obvious attempt to get our hands on the Horcrux. 

That was a very good idea, Harry; much the simplest 
way of finding out what we are facing. 

  631 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince  




But we dont know what the thing was, said Harry, 
looking at the sinisterly smooth water. 



What the things are, you mean, said Dumbledore. I 
doubt very much that there is only one of them. Shall 
we walk on? 

Professor? 

Yes, Harry? 

Do you think were going to have to go into the lake? 

Into it? Only if we are very unfortunate. 

You dont think the Horcrux is at the bottom? 

Oh no ... I think the Horcrux is in the middle. 

And Dumbledore pointed toward the misty green light 
in the center of the lake. 

So were going to have to cross the lake to get to it? 
Yes, I think so. 

Harry did not say anything. His thoughts were all of 
water monsters, of giant serpents, of demons, kelpies, 
and sprites. ... 

Aha, said Dumbledore, and he stopped again; this 
time, Harry really did walk into him; for a moment he 
toppled on the edge of the dark water, and 
Dumbledores uninjured hand closed tightly around 
his upper arm, pulling him back. So sorry, Harry, I 
should have given warning. Stand back against the 
wall, please; I think I have found the place. 



  632 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry had no idea what Dumbledore meant; this 
patch of dark bank was exactly like every other bit as 
far as he could tell, but Dumbledore seemed to have 
detected something special about it. This time he was 
running his hand, not over the rocky wall, but 
through the thin air, as though expecting to find and 
grip something invisible. 

Oho, said Dumbledore happily, seconds later. His 
hand had closed in midair upon something Harry 
could not see. Dumbledore moved closer to the water; 
Harry watched nervously as the tips of Dumbledore s 
buckled shoes found the utmost edge of the rock rim. 
Keeping his hand clenched in midair, Dumbledore 
raised his wand with the other and tapped his fist 
with the point. 

Immediately a thick coppery green chain appeared 
out of thin air, extending from the depths of the water 
into Dumbledore s clenched hand. Dumbledore 
tapped the chain, which began to slide through his 
fist like a snake, coiling itself on the ground with a 
clinking sound that echoed noisily off the rocky walls, 
pulling something from the depths of the black water. 
Harry gasped as the ghostly prow of a tiny boat broke 
the surface, glowing as green as the chain, and 
floated, with barely a ripple, toward the place on the 
bank where Harry and Dumbledore stood. 

How did you know that was there? Harry asked in 
astonishment. 

Magic always leaves traces, said Dumbledore, as the 
boat hit the bank with a gentle bump, sometimes 
very distinctive traces. I taught Tom Riddle. I know 
his style. 

Is ... is this boat safe? 



  633 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Oh yes, I think so. Voldemort needed to create a 
means to cross the lake without attracting the wrath 
of those creatures he had placed within it in case he 
ever wanted to visit or remove his Horcrux. 

So the things in the water wont do anything to us if 
we cross in Voldemorts boat? 

I think we must resign ourselves to the fact that they 
will, at some point, realize we are not Lord Voldemort. 
Thus far, however, we have done well. They have 
allowed us to raise the boat. 

But why have they let us? asked Harry, who could 
not shake off the vision of tentacles rising out of the 
dark water the moment they were out of sight of the 
bank. 

Voldemort would have been reasonably confident 
that none but a very great wizard would have been 
able to find the boat, said Dumbledore. I think he 
would have been prepared to risk what was, to his 
mind, the most unlikely possibility that somebody 
else would find it, knowing that he had set other 
obstacles ahead that only he would be able to 
penetrate. We shall see whether he is right. 

Harry looked down into the boat. It really was very 
small. 

It doesnt look like it was built for two people. Will it 
hold both of us? Will we be too heavy together? 

Dumbledore chuckled. 

Voldemort will not have cared about the weight, but 
about the amount of magical power that crossed his 
lake. I rather think an enchantment will have been 



  634 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




placed upon this boat so that only one wizard at a 
time will be able to sail in it. 



But then  ? 

I do not think you will count, Harry: You are 
underage and unqualified. Voldemort would never 
have expected a sixteenyearold to reach this place: I 
think it unlikely that your powers will register 
compared to mine. 

These words did nothing to raise Harrys morale; 
perhaps Dumbledore knew it, for he added, 
Voldemorts mistake, Harry, Voldemorts mistake ... 
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates 
youth. ... Now, you first this time, and be careful not 
to touch the water. 

Dumbledore stood aside and Harry climbed carefully 
into the boat. Dumbledore stepped in too, coiling the 
chain onto the floor. They were crammed in together; 
Harry could not comfortably sit, but crouched, his 
knees jutting over the edge of the boat, which began 
to move at once. There was no sound other than the 
silken rustle of the boats prow cleaving the water; it 
moved without their help, as though an invisible rope 
was pulling it onward toward the light in the center. 
Soon they could no longer see the walls of the cavern; 
they might have been at sea except that there were no 
waves. 

Harry looked down and saw the reflected gold of his 
wandlight sparkling and glittering on the black water 
as they passed. The boat was carving deep ripples 
upon the glassy surface, grooves in the dark mirror. 



And then Harry saw it, marble white, floating inches 
below the surface. 

  635 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Professor! he said, and his startled voice echoed 
loudly over the silent water. 



Harry? 

I think I saw a hand in the water  a human hand! 

Yes, I am sure you did, said Dumbledore calmly. 

Harry stared down into the water, looking for the 
vanished hand, and a sick feeling rose in his throat. 

So that thing that jumped out of the water  ? 

But Harry had his answer before Dumbledore could 
reply; the wandlight had slid over a fresh patch of 
water and showed him, this time, a dead man lying 
faceup inches beneath the surface, his open eyes 
misted as though with cobwebs, his hair and his 
robes swirling around him like smoke. 

There are bodies in here! said Harry, and his voice 
sounded much higher than usual and most unlike his 
own. 

Yes, said Dumbledore placidly, but we do not need 
to worry about them at the moment. 

At the moment? Harry repeated, tearing his gaze 
from the water to look at Dumbledore. 

Not while they are merely drifting peacefully below 
us, said Dumbledore. There is nothing to be feared 
from a body, Harry, any more than there is anything 
to be feared from the darkness. Lord Voldemort, who 
of course secretly fears both, disagrees. But once 
again he reveals his own lack of wisdom. It is the 
unknown we fear when we look upon death and 
darkness, nothing more. 

  636 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry said nothing; he did not want to argue, but he 
found the idea that there were bodies floating around 
them and beneath them horrible and, what was more, 
he did not believe that they were not dangerous. 

But one of them jumped, he said, trying to make his 
voice as level and calm as Dumbledore s. When I 
tried to Summon the Horcrux, a body leapt out of the 
lake. 

Yes, said Dumbledore. I am sure that once we take 
the Horcrux, we shall find them less peaceable. 
However, like many creatures that dwell in cold and 
darkness, they fear light and warmth, which we shall 
therefore call to our aid should the need arise. Fire, 
Harry, Dumbledore added with a smile, in response 
to Harrys bewildered expression. 

Oh ... right ... said Harry quickly. He turned his 
head to look at the greenish glow toward which the 
boat was still inexorably sailing. He could not pretend 
now that he was not scared. The great black lake, 
teeming with the dead ... It seemed hours and hours 
ago that he had met Professor Trelawney, that he had 
given Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis. ... He suddenly 
wished he had said a better goodbye to them . . . and 
he hadnt seen Ginny at all. ... 

Nearly there, said Dumbledore cheerfully. 

Sure enough, the greenish light seemed to be growing 
larger at last, and within minutes, the boat had come 
to a halt, bumping gently into something that Harry 
could not see at first, but when he raised his 
illuminated wand he saw that they had reached a 
small island of smooth rock in the center of the lake. 



Careful not to touch the water, said Dumbledore 
again as Harry climbed out of the boat. 

  637 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The island was no larger than Dumbledore s office, an 
expanse of flat dark stone on which stood nothing but 
the source of that greenish light, which looked much 
brighter when viewed close to. Harry squinted at it; at 
first, he thought it was a lamp of some kind, but then 
he saw that the light was coming from a stone basin 
rather like the Pensieve, which was set on top of a 
pedestal. 

Dumbledore approached the basin and Harry 
followed. Side by side, they looked down into it. The 
basin was full of an emerald liquid emitting that 
phosphorescent glow. 

What is it? asked Harry quietly. 

I am not sure, said Dumbledore. Something more 
worrisome than blood and bodies, however. 

Dumbledore pushed back the sleeve of his robe over 
his blackened hand, and stretched out the tips of his 
burned fingers toward the surface of the potion. 

Sir, no, dont touch  ! 

I cannot touch, said Dumbledore, smiling faintly. 
See? I cannot approach any nearer than this. You 
try. 

Staring, Harry put his hand into the basin and 
attempted to touch the potion. He met an invisible 
barrier that prevented him coming within an inch of 
it. No matter how hard he pushed, his fingers 
encountered nothing but what seemed to be solid and 
inflexible air. 

Out of the way, please, Harry, said Dumbledore. He 
raised his wand and made complicated movements 
over the surface of the potion, murmuring 

  638 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




soundlessly. Nothing happened, except perhaps that 
the potion glowed a little brighter. Harry remained 
silent while Dumbledore worked, but after a while 
Dumbledore withdrew his wand, and Harry felt it was 
safe to talk again. 

You think the Horcrux is in there, sir? 

Oh yes. Dumbledore peered more closely into the 
basin. Harry saw his face reflected, upside down, in 
the smooth surface of the green potion. But how to 
reach it? This potion cannot be penetrated by hand, 
Vanished, parted, scooped up, or siphoned away, nor 
can it be Transfigured, Charmed, or otherwise made 
to change its nature. 

Almost absentmindedly, Dumbledore raised his wand 
again, twirled it once in midair, and then caught the 
crystal goblet that he had conjured out of nowhere. 

I can only conclude that this potion is supposed to 
be drunk. 

What? said Harry. No! 

Yes, I think so: Only by drinking it can I empty the 
basin and see what lies in its depths. 

But what if  what if it kills you? 

Oh, I doubt that it would work like that, said 
Dumbledore easily. Lord Voldemort would not want 
to kill the person who reached this island. 

Harry couldnt believe it. Was this more of 
Dumbledore s insane determination to see good in 
everyone? 



  639 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Sir, said Harry, trying to keep his voice reasonable, 
sir, this is Voldemort were   

Im sorry, Harry; I should have said, he would not 
want to immediately kill the person who reached this 
island, Dumbledore corrected himself. He would 
want to keep them alive long enough to find out how 
they managed to penetrate so far through his 
defenses and, most importantly of all, why they were 
so intent upon emptying the basin. Do not forget that 
Lord Voldemort believes that he alone knows about 
his Horcruxes. 

Harry made to speak again, but this time Dumbledore 
raised his hand for silence, frowning slightly at the 
emerald liquid, evidently thinking hard. 

Undoubtedly, he said, finally, this potion must act 
in a way that will prevent me taking the Horcrux. It 
might paralyze me, cause me to forget what I am here 
for, create so much pain I am distracted, or render me 
incapable in some other way. This being the case, 
Harry, it will be your job to make sure I keep 
drinking, even if you have to tip the potion into my 
protesting mouth. You understand? 

Their eyes met over the basin, each pale face lit with 
that strange, green light. Harry did not speak. Was 
this why he had been invited along  so that he 
could forcefeed Dumbledore a potion that might 
cause him unendurable pain? 

You remember, said Dumbledore, the condition on 
which I brought you with me? 

Harry hesitated, looking into the blue eyes that had 
turned green in the reflected light of the basin. 

But what if  ? 

  640 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You swore, did you not, to follow any command I 
gave you? 

Yes, but   

I warned you, did I not, that there might be danger? 
Yes, said Harry, but   

Well, then, said Dumbledore, shaking back his 
sleeves once more and raising the empty goblet, you 
have my orders. 

Why cant I drink the potion instead? asked Harry 
desperately. 

Because I am much older, much cleverer, and much 
less valuable, said Dumbledore. Once and for all, 
Harry, do I have your word that you will do all in your 
power to make me keep drinking? 

Couldnt  ? 

Do I have it? 

But   

 Your word, Harry. 

I  all right, but   

Before Harry could make any further protest, 
Dumbledore lowered the crystal goblet into the 
potion. For a split second, Harry hoped that he would 
not be able to touch the potion with the goblet, but 
the crystal sank into the surface as nothing else had; 
when the glass was full to the brim, Dumbledore lifted 
it to his mouth. 



  641 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Your good health, Harry. 

And he drained the goblet. Harry watched, terrified, 
his hands gripping the rim of the basin so hard that 
his fingertips were numb. 

Professor? he said anxiously, as Dumbledore 
lowered the empty glass. How do you feel? 

Dumbledore shook his head, his eyes closed. Harry 
wondered whether he was in pain. Dumbledore 
plunged the glass blindly back into the basin, refilled 
it, and drank once more. 

In silence, Dumbledore drank three gobletsful of the 
potion. Then, halfway through the fourth goblet, he 
staggered and fell forward against the basin. His eyes 
were still closed, his breathing heavy. 

Professor Dumbledore? said Harry, his voice 
strained. Can you hear me? 

Dumbledore did not answer. His face was twitching 
as though he was deeply asleep, but dreaming a 
horrible dream. His grip on the goblet was slackening; 
the potion was about to spill from it. Harry reached 
forward and grasped the crystal cup, holding it 
steady. 

Professor, can you hear me? he repeated loudly, his 
voice echoing around the cavern. 

Dumbledore panted and then spoke in a voice Harry 
did not recognize, for he had never heard Dumbledore 
frightened like this. 

I dont want ... Dont make me ... 



  642 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry stared into the whitened face he knew so well, 
at the crooked nose and halfmoon spectacles, and 
did not know what to do. 

"... dont like ... want to stop ... moaned Dumbledore. 

You ... you cant stop, Professor, said Harry. Youve 
got to keep drinking, remember? You told me you had 
to keep drinking. Here ... 

Hating himself, repulsed by what he was doing, Harry 
forced the goblet back toward Dumbledore s mouth 
and tipped it, so that Dumbledore drank the 
remainder of the potion inside. 

No ... he groaned, as Harry lowered the goblet back 
into the basin and refilled it for him. I dont want to. 
...I dont want to. ... Let me go. ... 

Its all right, Professor, said Harry, his hand 
shaking. Its all right, Im here   

Make it stop, make it stop, moaned Dumbledore. 

Yes ... yes, thisll make it stop, lied Harry. He tipped 
the contents of the goblet into Dumbledore s open 
mouth. 

Dumbledore screamed; the noise echoed all around 
the vast chamber, across the dead black water. 

No, no, no, no, I cant, I cant, dont make me, I dont 
want to. ... 

Its all right, Professor, its all right! said Harry 
loudly, his hands shaking so badly he could hardly 
scoop up the sixth gobletful of potion; the basin was 
now half empty. Nothings happening to you, youre 



  643 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




safe, it isnt real, I swear it isnt real  take this, now, 
take this. ... 

And obediently, Dumbledore drank, as though it was 
an antidote Harry offered him, but upon draining the 
goblet, he sank to his knees, shaking uncontrollably. 

Its all my fault, all my fault, he sobbed. Please 
make it stop, I know I did wrong, oh please make it 
stop and Ill never, never again ... 

This will make it stop, Professor, Harry said, his 
voice cracking as he tipped the seventh glass of 
potion into Dumbledores mouth. 

Dumbledore began to cower as though invisible 
torturers surrounded him; his flailing hand almost 
knocked the refilled goblet from Harrys trembling 
hands as he moaned, Dont hurt them, dont hurt 
them, please, please, its my fault, hurt me instead ... 

Here, drink this, drink this, youll be all right, said 
Harry desperately, and once again Dumbledore 
obeyed him, opening his mouth even as he kept his 
eyes tight shut and shook from head to foot. 

And now he fell forward, screaming again, hammering 
his fists upon the ground, while Harry filled the ninth 
goblet. 

Please, please, please, no ... not that, not that, Ill do 
anything ... 

Just drink, Professor, just drink ... 

Dumbledore drank like a child dying of thirst, but 
when he had finished, he yelled again as though his 
insides were on fire. No more, please, no more ... 



  644 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry scooped up a tenth gobletful of potion and felt 
the crystal scrape the bottom of the basin. 



Were nearly there, Professor. Drink this, drink it. ... 

He supported Dumbledores shoulders and again, 
Dumbledore drained the glass; then Harry was on his 
feet once more, refilling the goblet as Dumbledore 
began to scream in more anguish than ever, I want 
to die! I want to die! Make it stop, make it stop, I want 
to die! 

Drink this, Professor. Drink this. ... 

Dumbledore drank, and no sooner had he finished 
than he yelled, KILL ME! 

This  this one will! gasped Harry. Just drink this 
... Itll be over ... all over! 

Dumbledore gulped at the goblet, drained every last 
drop, and then, with a great, rattling gasp, rolled over 
onto his face. 

No! shouted Harry, who had stood to refill the goblet 
again; instead he dropped the cup into the basin, 
flung himself down beside Dumbledore, and heaved 
him over onto his back; Dumbledores glasses were 
askew, his mouth agape, his eyes closed. No, said 
Harry, shaking Dumbledore, no, youre not dead, you 
said it wasnt poison, wake up, wake up  
Rennervatel he cried, his wand pointing at 
Dumbledores chest; there was a flash of red light but 
nothing happened. Renneruate  sir  please   

Dumbledores eyelids flickered; Harrys heart leapt. 

Sir, are you  ? 

  645 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Water, croaked Dumbledore. 

Water, panted Harry. Yes   

He leapt to his feet and seized the goblet he had 
dropped in the basin; he barely registered the golden 
locket lying curled beneath it. 

Aguamenti\ he shouted, jabbing the goblet with his 
wand. 

The goblet filled with clear water; Harry dropped to 
his knees beside Dumbledore, raised his head, and 
brought the glass to his lips  but it was empty. 
Dumbledore groaned and began to pant. 

But I had some  wait  AguamentiV said Harry 
again, pointing his wand at the goblet. Once more, for 
a second, clear water gleamed within it, but as he 
approached Dumbledore s mouth, the water vanished 
again. 

Sir, Im trying, Im trying! said Harry desperately, 
but he did not think that Dumbledore could hear 
him; he had rolled onto his side and was drawing 
great, rattling breaths that sounded agonizing. 
Aguamenti  Aguamenti  A GUAMENTP.  

The goblet filled and emptied once more. And now 
Dumbledore s breathing was fading. His brain 
whirling in panic, Harry knew, instinctively, the only 
way left to get water, because Voldemort had planned 
it so ... 

He flung himself over to the edge of the rock and 
plunged the goblet into the lake, bringing it up full to 
the brim of icy water that did not vanish. 



  646 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Sir  here! Harry yelled, and lunging forward, he 
tipped the water clumsily over Dumbledores face. 

It was the best he could do, for the icy feeling on his 
arm not holding the cup was not the lingering chill of 
the water. A slimy white hand had gripped his wrist, 
and the creature to whom it belonged was pulling 
him, slowly, backward across the rock. The surface of 
the lake was no longer mirrorsmooth; it was 
churning, and everywhere Harry looked, white heads 
and hands were emerging from the dark water, men 
and women and children with sunken, sightless eyes 
were moving toward the rock: an army of the dead 
rising from the black water. 

Petrificus Totalusl yelled Harry, struggling to cling to 
the smooth, soaked surface of the island as he 
pointed his wand at the Inferius that had his arm: It 
released him, falling backward into the water with a 
splash; he scrambled to his feet, but many more Inferi 
were already climbing onto the rock, their bony hands 
clawing at its slippery surface, their blank, frosted 
eyes upon him, trailing waterlogged rags, sunken 
faces leering. 

Petrificus Totalusl Harry bellowed again, backing 
away as he swiped his wand through the air; six or 
seven of them crumpled, but more were coming 
toward him. Impedimental Incarcerousl  

A few of them stumbled, one or two of them bound in 
ropes, but those climbing onto the rock behind them 
merely stepped over or on the fallen bodies. Still 
slashing at the air with his wand, Harry yelled, 

 Sectumsempral SECTUMSEMPRAl 

But though gashes appeared in their sodden rags and 
their icy skin, they had no blood to spill: They walked 
on, unfeeling, their shrunken hands outstretched 

  647 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




toward him, and as he backed away still farther, he 
felt arms enclose him from behind, thin, fleshless 
arms cold as death, and his feet left the ground as 
they lifted him and began to carry him, slowly and 
surely, back to the water, and he knew there would 
be no release, that he would be drowned, and become 
one more dead guardian of a fragment of Voldemorts 
shattered soul. ... 

But then, through the darkness, fire erupted: crimson 
and gold, a ring of fire that surrounded the rock so 
that the Inferi holding Harry so tightly stumbled and 
faltered; they did not dare pass through the flames to 
get to the water. They dropped Harry; he hit the 
ground, slipped on the rock, and fell, grazing his 
arms, but scrambled back up, raising his wand and 
staring around. 

Dumbledore was on his feet again, pale as any of the 
surrounding Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire 
dancing in his eyes; his wand was raised like a torch 
and from its tip emanated the flames, like a vast 
lasso, encircling them all with warmth. 

The Inferi bumped into each other, attempting, 
blindly, to escape the fire in which they were 
enclosed. ... 

Dumbledore scooped the locket from the bottom of 
the stone basin and stowed it inside his robes. 
Wordlessly, he gestured to Harry to come to his side. 
Distracted by the flames, the Inferi seemed unaware 
that their quarry was leaving as Dumbledore led 
Harry back to the boat, the ring of fire moving with 
them, around them, the bewildered Inferi 
accompanying them to the waters edge, where they 
slipped gratefully back into their dark waters. 



  648 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry, who was shaking all over, thought for a 
moment that Dumbledore might not be able to climb 
into the boat; he staggered a little as he attempted it; 
all his efforts seemed to be going into maintaining the 
ring of protective flame around them. Harry seized 
him and helped him back to his seat. Once they were 
both safely jammed inside again, the boat began to 
move back across the black water, away from the 
rock, still encircled by that ring of fire, and it seemed 
that the Inferi swarming below them did not dare 
resurface. 

Sir, panted Harry, sir, I forgot  about fire  they 
were coming at me and I panicked   

Quite understandable, murmured Dumbledore. 
Harry was alarmed to hear how faint his voice was. 

They reached the bank with a little bump and Harry 
leapt out, then turned quickly to help Dumbledore. 
The moment that Dumbledore reached the bank he 
let his wand hand fall; the ring of fire vanished, but 
the Inferi did not emerge again from the water. The 
little boat sank into the water once more; clanking 
and tinkling, its chain slithered back into the lake 
too. Dumbledore gave a great sigh and leaned against 
the cavern wall. 

I am weak. ... he said. 

Dont worry, sir, said Harry at once, anxious about 
Dumbledore s extreme pallor and by his air of 
exhaustion. Dont worry, Ill get us back. ... Lean on 
me, sir. ... 

And pulling Dumbledore s uninjured arm around his 
shoulders, Harry guided his headmaster back around 
the lake, bearing most of his weight. 



  649 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The protection was ... after all ... welldesigned, said 
Dumbledore faintly. One alone could not have done 
it. ... You did well, very well, Harry. ... 

Dont talk now, said Harry, fearing how slurred 
Dumbledores voice had become, how much his feet 
dragged. Save your energy, sir. ... Well soon be out 
of here. ... 

The archway will have sealed again. ... My knife ... 

Theres no need, I got cut on the rock, said Harry 
firmly. Just tell me where. ... 

Here ... 

Harry wiped his grazed forearm upon the stone: 
Having received its tribute of blood, the archway 
reopened instantly. They crossed the outer cave, and 
Harry helped Dumbledore back into the icy seawater 
that filled the crevice in the cliff. 

Its going to be all right, sir, Harry said over and 
over again, more worried by Dumbledores silence 
than he had been by his weakened voice. Were 
nearly there. ... I can Apparate us both back. ... Dont 
worry. ... 

I am not worried, Harry, said Dumbledore, his voice 
a little stronger despite the freezing water. I am with 
you. 



  650 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






THE LIGHTNINGSTRUCK TOWER 

Once back under the starry sky, Harry heaved 
Dumbledore onto the top of the nearest boulder and 
then to his feet. Sodden and shivering, Dumbledores 
weight still upon him, Harry concentrated harder 
than he had ever done upon his destination: 
Hogsmeade. Closing his eyes, gripping Dumbledores 
arm as tightly as he could, he stepped forward into 
that feeling of horrible compression. 

He knew it had worked before he opened his eyes: The 
smell of salt, the sea breeze had gone. He and 
Dumbledore were shivering and dripping in the 
middle of the dark High Street in Hogsmeade. For one 
horrible moment Harrys imagination showed him 
more Inferi creeping toward him around the sides of 
shops, but he blinked and saw that nothing was 
stirring; all was still, the darkness complete but for a 
few streetlamps and lit upper windows. 



  651 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



We did it, Professor! Harry whispered with difficulty; 
he suddenly realized that he had a searing stitch in 
his chest. We did it! We got the Horcrux! 

Dumbledore staggered against him. For a moment, 
Harry thought that his inexpert Apparition had 
thrown Dumbledore off balance; then he saw his face, 
paler and damper than ever in the distant light of a 
streetlamp. 

Sir, are you all right? 

Ive been better, said Dumbledore weakly, though 
the corners of his mouth twitched. That potion ... 
was no health drink. ... 

And to Harrys horror, Dumbledore sank onto the 
ground. 

Sir  its okay, sir, youre going to be all right, dont 
worry   

He looked around desperately for help, but there was 
nobody to be seen and all he could think was that he 
must somehow get Dumbledore quickly to the 
hospital wing. 

We need to get you up to the school, sir. ... Madam 
Pomfrey ... 

No, said Dumbledore. It is ... Professor Snape 
whom I need. ... But I do not think ... I can walk very 
far just yet. ... 

Right  sir, listen  Im going to knock on a door, 
find a place you can stay  then I can run and get 
Madam   



  652 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Severus, said Dumbledore clearly. I need Severus. 



All right then, Snape  but Im going to have to leave 
you for a moment so I can   

Before Harry could make a move, however, he heard 
running footsteps. His heart leapt: Somebody had 
seen, somebody knew they needed help  and 
looking around he saw Madam Rosmerta scurrying 
down the dark street toward them on highheeled, 
fluffy slippers, wearing a silk dressing gown 
embroidered with dragons. 

I saw you Apparate as I was pulling my bedroom 
curtains! Thank goodness, thank goodness, I couldnt 
think what to  but whats wrong with Albus? 

She came to a halt, panting, and stared down, wide 
eyed, at Dumbledore. 

Hes hurt, said Harry. Madam Rosmerta, can he 
come into the Three Broomsticks while I go up to the 
school and get help for him? 

You cant go up there alone! Dont you realize  
havent you seen  ? 

If you help me support him, said Harry, not 
listening to her, I think we can get him inside   

What has happened? asked Dumbledore. 

Rosmerta, whats wrong? 

The  the Dark Mark, Albus. 

And she pointed into the sky, in the direction of 
Hogwarts. Dread flooded Harry at the sound of the 
words. ... He turned and looked. 

  653 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the 
blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark 
Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a 
building ... wherever they had murdered. ... 

When did it appear? asked Dumbledore, and his 
hand clenched painfully upon Harrys shoulder as he 
struggled to his feet. 

Must have been minutes ago, it wasnt there when I 
put the cat out, but when I got upstairs   

We need to return to the castle at once, said 
Dumbledore. Rosmerta  and though he staggered 
a little, he seemed wholly in command of the situation 
 we need transport  brooms   

Ive got a couple behind the bar, she said, looking 
very frightened. Shall I run and fetch  ? 

No, Harry can do it. 

Harry raised his wand at once. 

Accio Rosmertas Broomsl 

A second later they heard a loud bang as the front 
door of the pub burst open; two brooms had shot out 
into the street and were racing each other to Harrys 
side, where they stopped dead, quivering slightly at 
waist height. 

Rosmerta, please send a message to the Ministry, 
said Dumbledore, as he mounted the broom nearest 
him. It might be that nobody within Hogwarts has 
yet realized anything is wrong. . . . Harry, put on your 
Invisibility Cloak. 



  654 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry pulled his Cloak out of his pocket and threw it 
over himself before mounting his broom: Madam 
Rosmerta was already tottering back toward her pub 
as Harry and Dumbledore kicked off from the ground 
and rose up into the air. As they sped toward the 
castle, Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, ready 
to grab him should he fall, but the sight of the Dark 
Mark seemed to have acted upon Dumbledore like a 
stimulant: He was bent low over his broom, his eyes 
fixed upon the Mark, his long silver hair and beard 
flying behind him on the night air. And Harry too 
looked ahead at the skull, and fear swelled inside him 
like a venomous bubble, compressing his lungs, 
driving all other discomfort from his mind. ... 

How long had they been away? Had Ron, Hermione, 
and Ginnys luck run out by now? Was it one of them 
who had caused the Mark to be set over the school, or 
was it Neville, or Luna, or some other member of the 
D.A.? And if it was ... he was the one who had told 
them to patrol the corridors, he had asked them to 
leave the safety of their beds. ... Would he be 
responsible, again, for the death of a friend? 

As they flew over the dark, twisting lane down which 
they had walked earlier, Harry heard, over the 
whistling of the night air in his ears, Dumbledore 
muttering in some strange language again. He 
thought he understood why as he felt his broom 
shudder when they flew over the boundary wall into 
the grounds: Dumbledore was undoing the 
enchantments he himself had set around the castle 
so they could enter at speed. The Dark Mark was 
glittering directly above the Astronomy Tower, the 
highest of the castle. Did that mean the death had 
occurred there? 



  655 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated 
ramparts and was dismounting; Harry landed next to 
him seconds later and looked around. 

The ramparts were deserted. The door to the spiral 
staircase that led back into the castle was closed. 
There was no sign of a struggle, of a fight to the 
death, of a body. 

What does it mean? Harry asked Dumbledore, 
looking up at the green skull with its serpents tongue 
glinting evilly above them. Is it the real Mark? Has 
someone definitely been  Professor? 

In the dim green glow from the Mark, Harry saw 
Dumbledore clutching at his chest with his blackened 
hand. 

Go and wake Severus, said Dumbledore faintly but 
clearly. Tell him what has happened and bring him 
to me. Do nothing else, speak to nobody else, and do 
not remove your cloak. I shall wait here. 

But   

You swore to obey me, Harry  go! 

Harry hurried over to the door leading to the spiral 
staircase, but his hand had only just closed upon the 
iron ring of the door when he heard running footsteps 
on the other side. He looked around at Dumbledore, 
who gestured him to retreat. Harry backed away, 
drawing his wand as he did so. 

The door burst open and somebody erupted through 
it and shouted, Expelliarmus\ 

Harrys body became instantly rigid and immobile, 
and he felt himself fall back against the tower wall, 

  656 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




propped like an unsteady statue, unable to move or 
speak. He could not understand how it had happened 
 Expelliarmus was not a Freezing Charm  

Then, by the light of the Mark, he saw Dumbledore s 
wand flying in an arc over the edge of the ramparts 
and understood. ... Dumbledore had wordlessly 
immobilized Harry, and the second he had taken to 
perform the spell had cost him the chance of 
defending himself. 

Standing against the ramparts, very white in the face, 
Dumbledore still showed no sign of panic or distress. 
He merely looked across at his disarmer and said, 
Good evening, Draco. 

Malfoy stepped forward, glancing around quickly to 
check that he and Dumbledore were alone. His eyes 
fell upon the second broom. 

Who else is here? 

A question I might ask you. Or are you acting alone? 

Harry saw Malfoys pale eyes shift back to 
Dumbledore in the greenish glare of the Mark. 

No, he said. Ive got backup. There are Death 
Eaters here in your school tonight. 

Well, well, said Dumbledore, as though Malfoy was 
showing him an ambitious homework project. Very 
good indeed. You found a way to let them in, did 
you? 

Yeah, said Malfoy, who was panting. Right under 
your nose and you never realized! 



  657 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Ingenious, said Dumbledore. Yet ... forgive me ... 
where are they now? You seem unsupported. 

They met some of your guards. Theyre having a fight 
down below. They wont be long. ... I came on ahead. I 
 Ive got a job to do. 

Well, then, you must get on and do it, my dear boy, 
said Dumbledore softly. 

There was silence. Harry stood imprisoned within his 
own invisible, paralyzed body, staring at the two of 
them, his ears straining to hear sounds of the Death 
Eaters distant fight, and in front of him, Draco 
Malfoy did nothing but stare at Albus Dumbledore, 
who, incredibly, smiled. 

Draco, Draco, you are not a killer. 

How do you know? said Malfoy at once. 

He seemed to realize how childish the words had 
sounded; Harry saw him flush in the Marks greenish 
light. 

You dont know what Im capable of, said Malfoy 
more forcefully. You dont know what Ive done! 

Oh yes, I do, said Dumbledore mildly. You almost 
killed Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley. You have been 
trying, with increasing desperation, to kill me all year. 
Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble 
attempts. ... So feeble, to be honest, that I wonder 
whether your heart has been really in it. 

It has been in it! said Malfoy vehemently. Ive been 
working on it all year, and tonight   



  658 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Somewhere in the depths of the castle below Harry 
heard a muffled yell. Malfoy stiffened and glanced 
over his shoulder. 

Somebody is putting up a good fight, said 
Dumbledore conversationally. But you were saying ... 
yes, you have managed to introduce Death Eaters 
into my school, which, I admit, I thought impossible. 

. . . How did you do it? 

But Malfoy said nothing: He was still listening to 
whatever was happening below and seemed almost as 
paralyzed as Harry was. 

Perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone, 
suggested Dumbledore. What if your backup has 
been thwarted by my guard? As you have perhaps 
realized, there are members of the Order of the 
Phoenix here tonight too. And after all, you dont 
really need help. ... I have no wand at the moment. ... 

I cannot defend myself. 

Malfoy merely stared at him. 

I see, said Dumbledore kindly, when Malfoy neither 
moved nor spoke. You are afraid to act until they join 
you. 

Im not afraid! snarled Malfoy, though he still made 
no move to hurt Dumbledore. Its you who should be 
scared! 

But why? I dont think you will kill me, Draco. Killing 
is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe. ... So tell 
me, while we wait for your friends ... how did you 
smuggle them in here? It seems to have taken you a 
long time to work out how to do it. 



  659 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Malfoy looked as though he was fighting down the 
urge to shout, or to vomit. He gulped and took several 
deep breaths, glaring at Dumbledore, his wand 
pointing directly at the latters heart. Then, as though 
he could not help himself, he said, I had to mend 
that broken Vanishing Cabinet that no ones used for 
years. The one Montague got lost in last year. 

Aaaah. Dumbledores sigh was half a groan. He 
closed his eyes for a moment. That was clever. ... 
There is a pair, I take it? 

In Borgin and Burkes, said Malfoy, and they make 
a kind of passage between them. Montague told me 
that when he was stuck in the Hogwarts one, he was 
trapped in limbo but sometimes he could hear what 
was going on at school, and sometimes what was 
going on in the shop, as if the cabinet was traveling 
between them, but he couldnt make anyone hear 
him. ... In the end, he managed to Apparate out, even 
though hed never passed his test. He nearly died 
doing it. Everyone thought it was a really good story, 
but I was the only one who realized what it meant  
even Borgin didnt know  I was the one who realized 
there could be a way into Hogwarts through the 
cabinets if I fixed the broken one. 

Very good, murmured Dumbledore. So the Death 
Eaters were able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into 
the school to help you. ... A clever plan, a very clever 
plan ... and, as you say, right under my nose. 

Yeah, said Malfoy, who bizarrely seemed to draw 
courage and comfort from Dumbledores praise. 

Yeah, it was! 

But there were times, Dumbledore went on, werent 
there, when you were not sure you would succeed in 
mending the cabinet? And you resorted to crude and 

  660 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




badly judged measures such as sending me a cursed 
necklace that was bound to reach the wrong hands . . 
poisoning mead there was only the slightest chance I 
might drink. ... 

Yeah, well, you still didnt realize who was behind 
that stuff, did you? sneered Malfoy, as Dumbledore 
slid a little down the ramparts, the strength in his 
legs apparently fading, and Harry struggled 
fruitlessly, mutely, against the enchantment binding 
him. 

As a matter of fact, I did, said Dumbledore. I was 
sure it was you. 

Why didnt you stop me, then? Malfoy demanded. 

I tried, Draco. Professor Snape has been keeping 
watch over you on my orders   

He hasnt been doing your orders, he promised my 
mother   

Of course that is what he would tell you, Draco, but 



Hes a double agent, you stupid old man, he isnt 
working for you, you just think he is! 

We must agree to differ on that, Draco. It so happens 
that I trust Professor Snape   

Well, youre losing your grip, then! sneered Malfoy. 
Hes been offering me plenty of help  wanting all 
the glory for himself  wanting a bit of the action  
What are you doing? Did you do the necklace, that 
was stupid, it could have blown everything   But I 
havent told him what Ive been doing in the Room of 
Requirement, hes going to wake up tomorrow and itll 
  661 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




all be over and he wont be the Dark Lords favorite 
anymore, hell be nothing compared to me, nothing! 



Very gratifying, said Dumbledore mildly. We all like 
appreciation for our own hard work, of course. But 
you must have had an accomplice, all the same ... 
someone in Hogsmeade, someone who was able to 
slip Katie the  the  aaaah ... 

Dumbledore closed his eyes again and nodded, as 
though he was about to fall asleep. "... of course ... 
Rosmerta. How long has she been under the Imperius 
Curse? 

Got there at last, have you? Malfoy taunted. 

There was another yell from below, rather louder than 
the last. Malfoy looked nervously over his shoulder 
again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on: So 
poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in her own 
bathroom and pass that necklace to any Hogwarts 
student who entered the room unaccompanied? And 
the poisoned mead ... well, naturally, Rosmerta was 
able to poison it for you before she sent the bottle to 
Slughorn, believing that it was to be my Christmas 
present. ... Yes, very neat ... very neat ... Poor Mr. 
Filch would not, of course, think to check a bottle of 
Rosmertas. Tell me, how have you been 
communicating with Rosmerta? I thought we had all 
methods of communication in and out of the school 
monitored. 

Enchanted coins, said Malfoy, as though he was 
compelled to keep talking, though his wand hand was 
shaking badly. I had one and she had the other and I 
could send her messages   

Isnt that the secret method of communication the 
group that called themselves Dumbledore s Army 

  662 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




used last year? asked Dumbledore. His voice was 
light and conversational, but Harry saw him slip an 
inch lower down the wall as he said it. 

Yeah, I got the idea from them, said Malfoy, with a 
twisted smile. I got the idea of poisoning the mead 
from the Mudblood Granger as well, I heard her 
talking in the library about Filch not recognizing 
potions. 

Please do not use that offensive word in front of me, 
said Dumbledore. 

Malfoy gave a harsh laugh. You care about me saying 
Mudblood when Im about to kill you? 

Yes, I do, said Dumbledore, and Harry saw his feet 
slide a little on the floor as he struggled to remain 
upright. But as for being about to kill me, Draco, you 
have had several long minutes now, we are quite 
alone, I am more defenseless than you can have 
dreamed of finding me, and still you have not acted. 



Malfoys mouth contorted involuntarily, as though he 
had tasted something very bitter. 

Now, about tonight, Dumbledore went on, I am a 
little puzzled about how it happened. ... You knew 
that I had left the school? But of course, he 
answered his own question, Rosmerta saw me 
leaving, she tipped you off using your ingenious 
coins, Im sure. 

Thats right, said Malfoy. But she said you were 
just going for a drink, youd be back. ... 



  663 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, I certainly did have a drink ... and I came back 
... after a fashion, mumbled Dumbledore. So you 
decided to spring a trap for me? 

We decided to put the Dark Mark over the tower and 
get you to hurry up here, to see whod been killed, 
said Malfoy. And it worked! 

Well ... yes and no ... said Dumbledore. But am I to 
take it, then, that nobody has been murdered? 

Someones dead, said Malfoy, and his voice seemed 
to go up an octave as he said it. One of your people 
...I dont know who, it was dark. ... I stepped over the 
body. ... I was supposed to be waiting up here when 
you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way. ... 

Yes, they do that, said Dumbledore. 

There was a bang and shouts from below, louder than 
ever; it sounded as though people were fighting on the 
actual spiral staircase that led to where Dumbledore, 
Malfoy, and Harry stood, and Harrys heart thundered 
unheard in his invisible chest. ... Someone was dead. 

. . . Malfoy had stepped over the body . . . but who was 
it? 



There is little time, one way or another, said 
Dumbledore. So let us discuss your options, Draco. 

My options! said Malfoy loudly. Im standing here 
with a wand  Im about to kill you   

My dear boy, let us have no more pretense about 
that. If you were going to kill me, you would have 
done it when you first disarmed me, you would not 
have stopped for this pleasant chat about ways and 
means. 



  664 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I havent got any options! said Malfoy, and he was 
suddenly white as Dumbledore. Ive got to do it! Hell 
kill me! Hell kill my whole family! 

I appreciate the difficulty of your position, said 
Dumbledore. Why else do you think I have not 
confronted you before now? Because I knew that you 
would have been murdered if Lord Voldemort realized 
that I suspected you. 

Malfoy winced at the sound of the name. 

I did not dare speak to you of the mission with which 
I knew you had been entrusted, in case he used 
Legilimency against you, continued Dumbledore. 

But now at last we can speak plainly to each other. 

... No harm has been done, you have hurt nobody, 
though you are very lucky that your unintentional 
victims survived. ... I can help you, Draco. 

No, you cant, said Malfoy, his wand hand shaking 
very badly indeed. Nobody can. He told me to do it or 
hell kill me. Ive got no choice. 

Come over to the right side, Draco, and we can hide 
you more completely than you can possibly imagine. 
What is more, I can send members of the Order to 
your mother tonight to hide her likewise. Your father 
is safe at the moment in Azkaban. ... When the time 
comes, we can protect him too. Come over to the right 
side, Draco ... you are not a killer. ... 

Malfoy stared at Dumbledore. 

But I got this far, didnt I? he said slowly. They 
thought Id die in the attempt, but Im here ... and 
youre in my power. ... Im the one with the wand. ... 
Youre at my mercy. ... 



  665 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No, Draco, said Dumbledore quietly. It is my mercy, 
and not yours, that matters now. 

Malfoy did not speak. His mouth was open, his wand 
hand still trembling. Harry thought he saw it drop by 
a fraction  

But suddenly footsteps were thundering up the stairs, 
and a second later Malfoy was buffeted out of the way 
as four people in black robes burst through the door 
onto the ramparts. Still paralyzed, his eyes staring 
unblinkingly, Harry gazed in terror upon four 
strangers: It seemed the Death Eaters had won the 
fight below. 

A lumpylooking man with an odd lopsided leer gave a 
wheezy giggle. 

Dumbledore cornered! he said, and he turned to a 
stocky little woman who looked as though she could 
be his sister and who was grinning eagerly. 
Dumbledore wandless, Dumbledore alone! Well done, 
Draco, well done! 

Good evening, Amycus, said Dumbledore calmly, as 
though welcoming the man to a tea party. And youve 
brought Alecto too. ... Charming ... 

The woman gave an angry little titter. Think your 
little jokesll help you on your deathbed then? she 
jeered. 

Jokes? No, no, these are manners, replied 
Dumbledore. 

Do it, said the stranger standing nearest to Harry, a 
big, rangy man with matted gray hair and whiskers, 
whose black Death Eaters robes looked 
uncomfortably tight. He had a voice like none that 

  666 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry had ever heard: a rasping bark of a voice. Harry 
could smell a powerful mixture of dirt, sweat, and, 
unmistakably, of blood coming from him. His filthy 
hands had long yellowish nails. 

Is that you, Fenrir? asked Dumbledore. 

Thats right, rasped the other. Pleased to see me, 
Dumbledore? 

No, I cannot say that I am. 

Greyback grinned, showing pointed teeth. Blood 
trickled down his chin and he licked his lips slowly, 
obscenely. 

But you know how much I like kids, Dumbledore. 

Am I to take it that you are attacking even without 
the full moon now? This is most unusual. ... You have 
developed a taste for human flesh that cannot be 
satisfied once a month? 

Thats right, said Fenrir Greyback. Shocks you 
that, does it, Dumbledore? Frightens you? 

Well, I cannot pretend it does not disgust me a little, 
said Dumbledore. And, yes, I am a little shocked that 
Draco here invited you, of all people, into the school 
where his friends live. ... 

I didnt, breathed Malfoy. He was not looking at 
Fenrir; he did not seem to want to even glance at him. 
I didnt know he was going to come   

I wouldnt want to miss a trip to Hogwarts, 
Dumbledore, rasped Greyback. Not when there are 
throats to be ripped out... Delicious, delicious ... 



  667 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And he raised a yellow fingernail and picked at his 
front teeth, leering at Dumbledore. I could do you for 
afters, Dumbledore. 

No, said the fourth Death Eater sharply. He had a 
heavy, brutallooking face. Weve got orders. Dracos 
got to do it. Now, Draco, and quickly. 

Malfoy was showing less resolution than ever. He 
looked terrified as he stared into Dumbledore s face, 
which was even paler, and rather lower than usual, 
as he had slid so far down the rampart wall. 

Hes not long for this world anyway, if you ask me! 
said the lopsided man, to the accompaniment of his 
sisters wheezing giggles. Look at him  whats 
happened to you, then, Dumby? 

Oh, weaker resistance, slower reflexes, Amycus, 
said Dumbledore. Old age, in short ... One day, 
perhaps, it will happen to you ... if you are lucky. ... 

Whats that mean, then, whats that mean? yelled 
the Death Eater, suddenly violent. Always the same, 
werent yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, 
nothing. I dont even know why the Dark Lords 
bothering to kill yer! Come on, Draco, do it! 

But at that moment there were renewed sounds of 
scuffling from below and a voice shouted,  Theyve 
blocked the stairs  Reductol REDUCTOl 

Harrys heart leapt: So these four had not eliminated 
all opposition, but merely broken through the fight to 
the top of the tower, and, by the sound of it, created a 
barrier behind them  

Now, Draco, quickly! said the brutalfaced man 
angrily. 

  668 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But Malfoys hand was shaking so badly that he could 
barely aim. 

Ill do it, snarled Fenrir, moving toward Dumbledore 
with his hands outstretched, his teeth bared. 

I said no! shouted the brutalfaced man; there was a 
flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the 
way; he hit the ramparts and staggered, looking 
furious. Harrys heart was hammering so hard it 
seemed impossible that nobody could hear him 
standing there, imprisoned by Dumbledore s spell  
if he could only move, he could aim a curse from 
under the cloak  

Draco, do it or stand aside so one of us   screeched 
the woman, but at that precise moment, the door to 
the ramparts burst open once more and there stood 
Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black 
eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped 
against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including 
the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy. 

Weve got a problem, Snape, said the lumpy 
Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon 
Dumbledore, the boy doesnt seem able   

But somebody else had spoken Snapes name, quite 
softly. 

Severus ... 

The sound frightened Harry beyond anything he had 
experienced all evening. For the first time, 

Dumbledore was pleading. 

Snape said nothing, but walked forward and pushed 
Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eaters 



  669 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




fell back without a word. Even the werewolf seemed 
cowed. 

Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there 
was revulsion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of 
his face. 

Severus ... please ... 

Snape raised his wand and pointed it directly at 
Dumbledore. 

Avada KedavraV 

A jet of green light shot from the end of Snapes wand 
and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest. Harrys 
scream of horror never left him; silent and unmoving, 
he was forced to watch as Dumbledore was blasted 
into the air. For a split second, he seemed to hang 
suspended beneath the shining skull, and then he fell 
slowly backward, like a great rag doll, over the 
battlements and out of sight. 



  670 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






FLIGHT OF THE PRINCE 

Harry felt as though he too were hurtling through 
space; it had not happened. ...It could not have 
happened. ... 

Out of here, quickly, said Snape. 

He seized Malfoy by the scruff of the neck and forced 
him through the door ahead of the rest; Greyback and 
the squat brother and sister followed, the latter both 
panting excitedly. As they vanished through the door, 
Harry realized he could move again. What was now 
holding him paralyzed against the wall was not magic, 
but horror and shock. He threw the Invisibility Cloak 
aside as the brutalfaced Death Eater, last to leave 
the tower top, was disappearing through the door. 

Petrificus Totalusl 

The Death Eater buckled as though hit in the back 
with something solid and fell to the ground, rigid as a 
waxwork, but he had barely hit the floor when Harry 



  671 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



was clambering over him and running down the 
darkened staircase. 

Terror tore at Harrys heart. ... He had to get to 
Dumbledore and he had to catch Snape. ... Somehow 
the two things were linked. ... He could reverse what 
had happened if he had them both together. . . . 
Dumbledore could not have died. ... 

He leapt the last ten steps of the spiral staircase and 
stopped where he landed, his wand raised: The dimly 
lit corridor was full of dust; half the ceiling seemed to 
have fallen in; and a battle was raging before him, but 
even as he attempted to make out who was fighting 
whom, he heard the hated voice shout, Its over, time 
to go\ and saw Snape disappearing around the corner 
at the far end of the corridor; he and Malfoy seemed 
to have forced their way through the fight unscathed. 
As Harry plunged after them, one of the fighters 
detached themselves from the fray and flew at him: It 
was the werewolf, Fenrir. He was on top of Harry 
before Harry could raise his wand: Harry fell 
backward, with filthy matted hair in his face, the 
stench of sweat and blood filling his nose and mouth, 
hot greedy breath at his throat  

Petrificus Totalusl 

Harry felt Fenrir collapse against him; with a 
stupendous effort he pushed the werewolf off and 
onto the floor as a jet of green light came flying 
toward him; he ducked and ran, headfirst, into the 
fight. His feet met something squashy and slippery on 
the floor and he stumbled: There were two bodies 
lying there, lying facedown in a pool of blood, but 
there was no time to investigate. Harry now saw red 
hair flying like flames in front of him: Ginny was 
locked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, 
Amycus, who was throwing hex after hex at her while 
  672 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




she dodged them: Amycus was giggling, enjoying the 
sport: Crucio  Crucio  you cant dance forever, 
pretty   

Impedimenta). yelled Harry. 

His jinx hit Amycus in the chest: He gave a piglike 
squeal of pain, was lifted off his feet and slammed 
into the opposite wall, slid down it, and fell out of 
sight behind Ron, Professor McGonagall, and Lupin, 
each of whom was battling a separate Death Eater. 
Beyond them, Harry saw Tonks fighting an enormous 
blond wizard who was sending curses flying in all 
directions, so that they ricocheted off the walls 
around them, cracking stone, shattering the nearest 
window  

Harry, where did you come from? Ginny cried, but 
there was no time to answer her. He put his head 
down and sprinted forward, narrowly avoiding a blast 
that erupted over his head, showering them all in bits 
of wall. Snape must not escape, he must catch up 
with Snape  

Take that\ shouted Professor McGonagall, and Harry 
glimpsed the female Death Eater, Alecto, sprinting 
away down the corridor with her arms over her head, 
her brother right behind her. He launched himself 
after them but his foot caught on something, and next 
moment he was lying across someones legs. Looking 
around, he saw Nevilles pale, round face flat against 
the floor. 

Neville, are you  ? 

Mall right, muttered Neville, who was clutching his 
stomach, Harry ... Snape n Malfoy ... ran past ... 



  673 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I know, Im on it! said Harry, aiming a hex from the 
floor at the enormous blond Death Eater who was 
causing most of the chaos. The man gave a howl of 
pain as the spell hit him in the face: He wheeled 
around, staggered, and then pounded away after the 
brother and sister. Harry scrambled up from the floor 
and began to sprint along the corridor, ignoring the 
bangs issuing from behind him, the yells of the others 
to come back, and the mute call of the figures on the 
ground whose fate he did not yet know. ... 

He skidded around the corner, his trainers slippery 
with blood; Snape had an immense head start. Was it 
possible that he had already entered the cabinet in 
the Room of Requirement, or had the Order made 
steps to secure it, to prevent the Death Eaters 
retreating that way? He could hear nothing but his 
own pounding feet, his own hammering heart as he 
sprinted along the next empty corridor, but then 
spotted a bloody footprint that showed at least one of 
the fleeing Death Eaters was heading toward the front 
doors  perhaps the Room of Requirement was 
indeed blocked  

He skidded around another corner and a curse flew 
past him; he dived behind a suit of armor that 
exploded. He saw the brother and sister running 
down the marble staircase ahead and aimed jinxes at 
them, but merely hit several bewigged witches in a 
portrait on the landing, who ran screeching into 
neighboring paintings. As he leapt the wreckage of 
armor, Harry heard more shouts and screams; other 
people within the castle seemed to have awoken. ... 

He pelted toward a shortcut, hoping to overtake the 
brother and sister and close in on Snape and Malfoy, 
who must surely have reached the grounds by now. 
Remembering to leap the vanishing step halfway 
down the concealed staircase, he burst through a 
  674 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




tapestry at the bottom and out into a corridor where a 
number of bewildered and pajamaclad Hufflepuffs 
stood. 

Harry! We heard a noise, and someone said 
something about the Dark Mark   began Ernie 
Macmillan. 

Out of the way! yelled Harry, knocking two boys 
aside as he sprinted toward the landing and down the 
remainder of the marble staircase. The oak front 
doors had been blasted open, there were smears of 
blood on the flagstones, and several terrified students 
stood huddled against the walls, one or two still 
cowering with their arms over their faces. The giant 
Gryffindor hourglass had been hit by a curse, and the 
rubies within were still falling, with a loud rattle, onto 
the flagstones below. 

Harry flew across the entrance hall and out into the 
dark grounds: He could just make out three figures 
racing across the lawn, heading for the gates beyond 
which they could Disapparate  by the looks of them, 
the huge blond Death Eater and, some way ahead of 
him, Snape and Malfoy ... 

The cold night air ripped at Harrys lungs as he tore 
after them; he saw a flash of light in the distance that 
momentarily silhouetted his quarry. He did not know 
what it was but continued to run, not yet near 
enough to get a good aim with a curse  

Another flash, shouts, retaliatory jets of light, and 
Harry understood: Hagrid had emerged from his 
cabin and was trying to stop the Death Eaters 
escaping, and though every breath seemed to shred 
his lungs and the stitch in his chest was like fire, 
Harry sped up as an unbidden voice in his head said: 
not Hagrid . . . not Hagrid too . . . 

  675 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Something caught Harry hard in the small of the back 
and he fell forward, his face smacking the ground, 
blood pouring out of both nostrils: He knew, even as 
he rolled over, his wand ready, that the brother and 
sister he had overtaken using his shortcut were 
closing in behind him. ... 

Impedimenta). he yelled as he rolled over again, 
crouching close to the dark ground, and miraculously 
his jinx hit one of them, who stumbled and fell, 
tripping up the other; Harry leapt to his feet and 
sprinted on after Snape. 

And now he saw the vast outline of Hagrid, 
illuminated by the light of the crescent moon revealed 
suddenly behind clouds; the blond Death Eater was 
aiming curse after curse at the gamekeeper; but 
Hagrids immense strength and the toughened skin 
he had inherited from his giantess mother seemed to 
be protecting him. Snape and Malfoy, however, were 
still running; they would soon be beyond the gates, 
able to Disapparate  

Harry tore past Hagrid and his opponent, took aim at 
Snapes back, and yelled, Stupefy\ 

He missed; the jet of red light soared past Snapes 
head; Snape shouted, Run, Draco\ and turned. 
Twenty yards apart, he and Harry looked at each 
other before raising their wands simultaneously. 

Cruc   

But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry 
backward off his feet before he could complete it; 
Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the 
huge Death Eater behind him yelled, Incendiol Harry 
heard an explosive bang and a dancing orange light 
spilled over all of them: Hagrids house was on fire. 
  676 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Fangs in there, yer evil  ! Hagrid bellowed. 

Cruc   yelled Harry for the second time, aiming for 
the figure ahead illuminated in the dancing firelight, 
but Snape blocked the spell again. Harry could see 
him sneering. 

No Unforgivable Curses from you, Potter! he 
shouted over the rushing of the flames, Hagrids yells, 
and the wild yelping of the trapped Fang. You havent 
got the nerve or the ability   

Incarc   Harry roared, but Snape deflected the spell 
with an almost lazy flick of his arm. 

Fight back! Harry screamed at him. Fight back, you 
cowardly   

Coward, did you call me, Potter? shouted Snape. 
Your father would never attack me unless it was four 
on one, what would you call him, I wonder? 

 Stupe   

Blocked again and again and again until you learn to 
keep your mouth shut and your mind closed, Potter! 
sneered Snape, deflecting the curse once more. Now 
come! he shouted at the huge Death Eater behind 
Harry. It is time to be gone, before the Ministry turns 
up   



Impedi   

But before he could finish this jinx, excruciating pain 
hit Harry; he keeled over in the grass. Someone was 
screaming, he would surely die of this agony, Snape 
was going to torture him to death or madness  



  677 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




No! roared Snapes voice and the pain stopped as 
suddenly as it had started; Harry lay curled on the 
dark grass, clutching his wand and panting; 
somewhere overhead Snape was shouting, Have you 
forgotten our orders? Potter belongs to the Dark Lord 
 we are to leave him! Go! Go! 

And Harry felt the ground shudder under his face as 
the brother and sister and the enormous Death Eater 
obeyed, running toward the gates. Harry uttered an 
inarticulate yell of rage: In that instant, he cared not 
whether he lived or died. Pushing himself to his feet 
again, he staggered blindly toward Snape, the man he 
now hated as much as he hated Voldemort himself  

Sectum  ! 

Snape flicked his wand and the curse was repelled yet 
again; but Harry was mere feet away now and he 
could see Snapes face clearly at last: He was no 
longer sneering or jeering; the blazing flames showed 
a face full of rage. Mustering all his powers of 
concentration, Harry thought, Levi  

No, Potter! screamed Snape. There was a loud BANG 
and Harry was soaring backward, hitting the ground 
hard again, and this time his wand flew out of his 
hand. He could hear Hagrid yelling and Fang howling 
as Snape closed in and looked down on him where he 
lay, wandless and defenseless as Dumbledore had 
been. Snapes pale face, illuminated by the flaming 
cabin, was suffused with hatred just as it had been 
before he had cursed Dumbledore. 

You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? It 
was I who invented them  I, the HalfBlood Prince! 
And youd turn my inventions on me, like your filthy 
father, would you? I dont think so ... no! 



  678 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry had dived for his wand; Snape shot a hex at it 
and it flew feet away into the darkness and out of 
sight. 

Kill me then, panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, 
but only rage and contempt. Kill me like you killed 
him, you coward   

DONT   screamed Snape, and his face was 
suddenly demented, inhuman, as though he was in 
as much pain as the yelping, howling dog stuck in the 
burning house behind them  CALL ME COWARD! 

And he slashed at the air: Harry felt a whitehot, 
whiplike something hit him across the face and was 
slammed backward into the ground. Spots of light 
burst in front of his eyes and for a moment all the 
breath seemed to have gone from his body, then he 
heard a rush of wings above him and something 
enormous obscured the stars. Buckbeak had flown at 
Snape, who staggered backward as the razorsharp 
claws slashed at him. As Harry raised himself into a 
sitting position, his head still swimming from its last 
contact with the ground, he saw Snape running as 
hard as he could, the enormous beast flapping behind 
him and screeching as Harry had never heard him 
screech  

Harry struggled to his feet, looking around groggily for 
his wand, hoping to give chase again, but even as his 
fingers fumbled in the grass, discarding twigs, he 
knew it would be too late, and sure enough, by the 
time he had located his wand, he turned only to see 
the hippogriff circling the gates. Snape had managed 
to Disapparate just beyond the schools boundaries. 

Hagrid, muttered Harry, still dazed, looking around. 
HAGRID? 



  679 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




He stumbled toward the burning house as an 
enormous figure emerged from out of the flames 
carrying Fang on his back. With a cry of 
thankfulness, Harry sank to his knees; he was 
shaking in every limb, his body ached all over, and 
his breath came in painful stabs. 

Yeh all righ, Harry? Yeh all righ? Speak ter me, 
Harry. ... 

Hagrids huge, hairy face was swimming above Harry, 
blocking out the stars. Harry could smell burnt wood 
and dog hair; he put out a hand and felt Fangs 
reassuringly warm and alive body quivering beside 
him. 

Im all right, panted Harry. Are you? 

 Course I am ... take moren that ter finish me. 

Hagrid put his hands under Harrys arms and raised 
him up with such force that Harrys feet momentarily 
left the ground before Hagrid set him upright again. 

He could see blood trickling down Hagrids cheek 
from a deep cut under one eye, which was swelling 
rapidly. 

We should put out your house, said Harry, the 
charms Aguamenti ... 

Knew it was summat like that, mumbled Hagrid, 
and he raised a smoldering pink, flowery umbrella 
and said, Aguamenti\ 

A jet of water flew out of the umbrella tip. Harry 
raised his wand arm, which felt like lead, and 
murmured Aguamenti too: Together, he and Hagrid 
poured water on the house until the last flame was 
extinguished. 

  680 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Snot too bad, said Hagrid hopefully a few minutes 
later, looking at the smoking wreck. Nothin 
Dumbledore won be able to put righ ... 

Harry felt a searing pain in his stomach at the sound 
of the name. In the silence and the stillness, horror 
rose inside him. 

Hagrid ... 

I was bindin up a couple o bowtruckle legs when I 
heard em cornin, said Hagrid sadly, still staring at 
his wrecked cabin. Theyllve bin burnt ter twigs, 
poor little things. ... 

Hagrid ... 

But what happened, Harry? I jus saw them Death 
Eaters runnin down from the castle, but what the 
ruddy hell was Snape doin with em? Wheres he gone 
 was he chasin them? 

He ... Harry cleared his throat; it was dry from panic 
and the smoke. Hagrid, he killed ... 

Killed? said Hagrid loudly, staring down at Harry. 
Snape killed? Whatre yeh on abou, Harry? 

Dumbledore, said Harry. Snape killed ... 
Dumbledore. 

Hagrid simply looked at him, the little of his face that 
could be seen completely blank, uncomprehending. 

Dumbledore wha, Harry? 

Hes dead. Snape killed him. ... 



  681 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Don say that, said Hagrid roughly. Snape kill 
Dumbledore  don be stupid, Harry. Whas made 
yeh say tha? 

I saw it happen. 

Yeh couldn have. 

I saw it, Hagrid. 

Hagrid shook his head; his expression was 
disbelieving but sympathetic, and Harry knew that 
Hagrid thought he had sustained a blow to the head, 
that he was confused, perhaps by the aftereffects of a 
jinx. ... 

What musta happened was, Dumbledore musta told 
Snape ter go with them Death Eaters, Hagrid said 
confidently. I suppose hes gotta keep his cover. 

Look, lets get yeh back up ter the school. Come on, 
Harry. ... 

Harry did not attempt to argue or explain. He was still 
shaking uncontrollably. Hagrid would find out soon 
enough, too soon. ... As they directed their steps back 
toward the castle, Harry saw that many of its 
windows were lit now. He could imagine, clearly, the 
scenes inside as people moved from room to room, 
telling each other that Death Eaters had got in, that 
the Mark was shining over Hogwarts, that somebody 
must have been killed. ... 

The oak front doors stood open ahead of them, light 
flooding out onto the drive and the lawn. Slowly, 
uncertainly, dressinggowned people were creeping 
down the steps, looking around nervously for some 
sign of the Death Eaters who had fled into the night. 
Harrys eyes, however, were fixed upon the ground at 
the foot of the tallest tower. He imagined that he 
  682 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




could see a black, huddled mass lying in the grass 
there, though he was really too far away to see 
anything of the sort. Even as he stared wordlessly at 
the place where he thought Dumbledore s body must 
lie, however, he saw people beginning to move toward 
it. 

Whatre they all lookin at? said Hagrid, as he and 
Harry approached the castle front, Fang keeping as 
close as he could to their ankles. Whas tha, lyin on 
the grass? Hagrid added sharply, heading now 
toward the foot of the Astronomy Tower, where a 
small crowd was congregating. See it, Harry? Righ at 
the foot o the tower? Under where the Mark ... Blimey 
... yeh don think someone got thrown  ? 

Hagrid fell silent, the thought apparently too horrible 
to express aloud. Harry walked alongside him, feeling 
the aches and pains in his face and his legs where the 
various hexes of the last half hour had hit him, 
though in an oddly detached way, as though 
somebody near him was suffering them. What was 
real and inescapable was the awful pressing feeling in 
his chest. ... 

He and Hagrid moved, dreamlike, through the 
murmuring crowd to the very front, where the 
dumbstruck students and teachers had left a gap. 

Harry heard Hagrid s moan of pain and shock, but he 
did not stop; he walked slowly forward until he 
reached the place where Dumbledore lay and 
crouched down beside him. He had known there was 
no hope from the moment that the full BodyBind 
Curse Dumbledore had placed upon him lifted, 
known that it could have happened only because its 
caster was dead, but there was still no preparation for 
seeing him here, spreadeagled, broken: the greatest 
wizard Harry had ever, or would ever, meet. 

  683 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledores eyes were closed; but for the strange 
angle of his arms and legs, he might have been 
sleeping. Harry reached out, straightened the half 
moon spectacles upon the crooked nose, and wiped a 
trickle of blood from the mouth with his own sleeve. 
Then he gazed down at the wise old face and tried to 
absorb the enormous and incomprehensible truth: 
that never again would Dumbledore speak to him, 
never again could he help. ... 

The crowd murmured behind Harry. After what 
seemed like a long time, he became aware that he was 
kneeling upon something hard and looked down. 

The locket they had managed to steal so many hours 
before had fallen out of Dumbledores pocket. It had 
opened, perhaps due to the force with which it hit the 
ground. And although he could not feel more shock or 
horror or sadness than he felt already, Harry knew, 
as he picked it up, that there was something wrong. 



He turned the locket over in his hands. This was 
neither as large as the locket he remembered seeing 
in the Pensieve, nor were there any markings upon it, 
no sign of the ornate S that was supposed to be 
Slytherins mark. Moreover, there was nothing inside 
but for a scrap of folded parchment wedged tightly 
into the place where a portrait should have been. 

Automatically, without really thinking about what he 
was doing, Harry pulled out the fragment of 
parchment, opened it, and read by the light of the 
many wands that had now been lit behind him: 

To the Dark Lord 

I know I will be dead long before you read this 



  684 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




but I want you to know that it was I who discovered 
your secret 

I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it 
as soon as I can. 

I face death in the hope that when you meet your 
match, 

you will be mortal once more. 

R.A.B. 

Harry neither knew nor cared what the message 
meant. Only one thing mattered: This was not a 
Horcrux. Dumbledore had weakened himself by 
drinking that terrible potion for nothing. Harry 
crumpled the parchment in his hand, and his eyes 
burned with tears as behind him Fang began to howl. 



  685 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




z? 




THE PHOENIX LAMENT 

Cmere, Harry ... 

No. 

Yeh can stay here, Harry. ... Come on, now. ... 

No. 

He did not want to leave Dumbledores side, he did 
not want to move anywhere. Hagrids hand on his 
shoulder was trembling. Then another voice said, 
Harry, come on. 

A much smaller and warmer hand had enclosed his 
and was pulling him upward. He obeyed its pressure 
without really thinking about it. Only as he walked 
blindly back through the crowd did he realize, from a 
trace of flowery scent on the air, that it was Ginny 
who was leading him back into the castle. 
Incomprehensible voices battered him, sobs and 
shouts and wails stabbed the night, but Harry and 
Ginny walked on, back up the steps into the entrance 
  686 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



hall. Faces swam on the edges of Harrys vision, 
people were peering at him, whispering, wondering, 
and Gryffindor rubies glistened on the floor like drops 
of blood as they made their way toward the marble 
staircase. 

Were going to the hospital wing, said Ginny. 

Im not hurt, said Harry. 

Its McGonagalls orders, said Ginny. Everyones up 
there, Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone   

Fear stirred in Harrys chest again: He had forgotten 
the inert figures he had left behind. 

Ginny, who else is dead? 

Dont worry, none of us. 

But the Dark Mark  Malfoy said he stepped over a 
body   

He stepped over Bill, but its all right, hes alive. 

There was something in her voice, however, that 
Harry knew boded ill. 

Are you sure? 

Of course Im sure ... hes a  a bit of a mess, thats 
all. Greyback attacked him. Madam Pomfrey says he 
wont  wont look the same anymore. ... 

Ginny s voice trembled a little. 

We dont really know what the aftereffects will be  I 
mean, Greyback being a werewolf, but not 
transformed at the time. 

  687 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But the others . . . There were other bodies on the 
ground. ... 

Neville and Professor Flitwick are both hurt, but 
Madam Pomfrey says theyll be all right. And a Death 
Eaters dead, he got hit by a Killing Curse that huge 
blond one was firing off everywhere  Harry, if we 
hadnt had your Felix potion, I think wed all have 
been killed, but everything seemed to just miss us   

They had reached the hospital wing. Pushing open 
the doors, Harry saw Neville lying, apparently asleep, 
in a bed near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, 
and Lupin were gathered around another bed near 
the far end of the ward. At the sound of the doors 
opening, they all looked up. Hermione ran to Harry 
and hugged him; Lupin moved forward too, looking 
anxious. 

Are you all right, Harry? 

Im fine. ... Hows Bill? 

Nobody answered. Harry looked over Hermiones 
shoulder and saw an unrecognizable face lying on 
Bills pillow, so badly slashed and ripped that he 
looked grotesque. Madam Pomfrey was dabbing at his 
wounds with some harshsmelling green ointment. 
Harry remembered how Snape had mended Malfoys 
Sectumsempra wounds so easily with his wand. 

Cant you fix them with a charm or something? he 
asked the matron. 

No charm will work on these, said Madam Pomfrey. 
Ive tried everything I know, but there is no cure for 
werewolf bites. 



  688 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




But he wasnt bitten at the full moon, said Ron, who 
was gazing down into his brothers face as though he 
could somehow force him to mend just by staring. 
Greyback hadnt transformed, so surely Bill wont be 
a  a real  ? 

He looked uncertainly at Lupin. 

No, I dont think that Bill will be a true werewolf, 
said Lupin, but that does not mean that there wont 
be some contamination. Those are cursed wounds. 
They are unlikely ever to heal fully, and  and Bill 
might have some wolfish characteristics from now 
on. 

Dumbledore might know something thatd work, 
though, Ron said. Where is he? Bill fought those 
maniacs on Dumbledores orders, Dumbledore owes 
him, he cant leave him in this state   

Ron  Dumbledores dead, said Ginny. 

No! Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, as 
though hoping the latter might contradict her, but 
when Harry did not, Lupin collapsed into a chair 
beside Bills bed, his hands over his face. Harry had 
never seen Lupin lose control before; he felt as though 
he was intruding upon something private, indecent. 

He turned away and caught Rons eye instead, 
exchanging in silence a look that confirmed what 
Ginny had said. 

How did he die? whispered Tonks. How did it 
happen? 

Snape killed him, said Harry. I was there, I saw it. 
We arrived back on the Astronomy Tower because 
thats where the Mark was. ... Dumbledore was ill, he 
was weak, but I think he realized it was a trap when 

  689 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




we heard footsteps running up the stairs. He 
immobilized me, I couldnt do anything, I was under 
the Invisibility Cloak  and then Malfoy came 
through the door and disarmed him   

Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth and Ron 
groaned. Lunas mouth trembled. 

  more Death Eaters arrived  and then Snape  
and Snape did it. The Avada Kedavra. Harry couldnt 
go on. 

Madam Pomfrey burst into tears. Nobody paid her 
any attention except Ginny, who whispered, Shh! 
Listen! 

Gulping, Madam Pomfrey pressed her fingers to her 
mouth, her eyes wide. Somewhere out in the 
darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had 
never heard before: a stricken lament of terrible 
beauty. And Harry felt, as he had felt about phoenix 
song before, that the music was inside him, not 
without: It was his own grief turned magically to song 
that echoed across the grounds and through the 
castle windows. 

How long they all stood there, listening, he did not 
know, nor why it seemed to ease their pain a little to 
listen to the sound of their mourning, but it felt like a 
long time later that the hospital door opened again 
and Professor McGonagall entered the ward. Like all 
the rest, she bore marks of the recent battle: There 
were grazes on her face and her robes were ripped. 

Molly and Arthur are on their way, she said, and the 
spell of the music was broken: Everyone roused 
themselves as though coming out of trances, turning 
again to look at Bill, or else to rub their own eyes, 
shake their heads. Harry, what happened? According 
  690 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




to Hagrid you were with Professor Dumbledore when 
he  when it happened. He says Professor Snape was 
involved in some   

Snape killed Dumbledore, said Harry. 

She stared at him for a moment, then swayed 
alarmingly; Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have 
pulled herself together, ran forward, conjuring a chair 
from thin air, which she pushed under McGonagall. 

Snape, repeated McGonagall faintly, falling into the 
chair. We all wondered ... but he trusted ... always ... 
Snape ... I cant believe it. ... 

Snape was a highly accomplished Occlumens, said 
Lupin, his voice uncharacteristically harsh. We 
always knew that. 

But Dumbledore swore he was on our side! 
whispered Tonks. I always thought Dumbledore 
must know something about Snape that we didnt. ... 

He always hinted that he had an ironclad reason for 
trusting Snape, muttered Professor McGonagall, now 
dabbing at the corners of her leaking eyes with a 
tartan edged handkerchief. I mean ... with Snape s 
history ... of course people were bound to wonder . . . 
but Dumbledore told me explicitly that Snape s 
repentance was absolutely genuine. ... Wouldnt hear 
a word against him! 

Id love to know what Snape told him to convince 
him, said Tonks. 

I know, said Harry, and they all turned to look at 
him. Snape passed Voldemort the information that 
made Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad. Then 
Snape told Dumbledore he hadnt realized what he 

  691 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




was doing, he was really sorry hed done it, sorry that 
they were dead. 

They all stared at him. 

And Dumbledore believed that? said Lupin 
incredulously. Dumbledore believed Snape was sorry 
James was dead? Snape hated James. ... 

And he didnt think my mother was worth a damn 
either, said Harry, because she was Muggleborn. ... 
Mudblood, he called her. ... 

Nobody asked how Harry knew this. All of them 
seemed to be lost in horrified shock, trying to digest 
the monstrous truth of what had happened. 

This is all my fault, said Professor McGonagall 
suddenly. She looked disoriented, twisting her wet 
handkerchief in her hands. My fault. I sent Filius to 
fetch Snape tonight, I actually sent for him to come 
and help us! If I hadnt alerted Snape to what was 
going on, he might never have joined forces with the 
Death Eaters. I dont think he knew they were there 
before Filius told him, I dont think he knew they were 
coming. 

It isnt your fault, Minerva, said Lupin firmly. We 
all wanted more help, we were glad to think Snape 
was on his way. ... 

So when he arrived at the fight, he joined in on the 
Death Eaters side? asked Harry, who wanted every 
detail of Snape s duplicity and infamy, feverishly 
collecting more reasons to hate him, to swear 
vengeance. 

I dont know exactly how it happened, said Professor 
McGonagall distractedly. Its all so confusing. ... 

  692 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore had told us that he would be leaving the 
school for a few hours and that we were to patrol the 
corridors just in case ... Remus, Bill, and 
Nymphadora were to join us ... and so we patrolled. 

All seemed quiet. Every secret passageway out of the 
school was covered. We knew nobody could fly in. 
There were powerful enchantments on every entrance 
into the castle. I still dont know how the Death 
Eaters can possibly have entered. ... 

I do, said Harry, and he explained, briefly, about the 
pair of Vanishing Cabinets and the magical pathway 
they formed. So they got in through the Room of 
Requirement. 

Almost against his will he glanced from Ron to 
Hermione, both of whom looked devastated. 

I messed up, Harry, said Ron bleakly. We did like 
you told us: We checked the Marauders Map and we 
couldnt see Malfoy on it, so we thought he must be in 
the Room of Requirement, so me, Ginny, and Neville 
went to keep watch on it ... but Malfoy got past us. 

He came out of the room about an hour after we 
started keeping watch, said Ginny. He was on his 
own, clutching that awful shriveled arm   

His Hand of Glory, said Ron. Gives light only to the 
holder, remember? 

Anyway, Ginny went on, he must have been 
checking whether the coast was clear to let the Death 
Eaters out, because the moment he saw us he threw 
something into the air and it all went pitchblack   

  Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder, said Ron 
bitterly. Fred and Georges. Im going to be having a 



  693 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




word with them about who they let buy their 
products. 

We tried everything, Lumos, Incendio, said Ginny. 
Nothing would penetrate the darkness; all we could 
do was grope our way out of the corridor again, and 
meanwhile we could hear people rushing past us. 
Obviously Malfoy could see because of that hand 
thing and was guiding them, but we didnt dare use 
any curses or anything in case we hit each other, and 
by the time wed reached a corridor that was light, 
theyd gone. 

Luckily, said Lupin hoarsely, Ron, Ginny, and 
Neville ran into us almost immediately and told us 
what had happened. We found the Death Eaters 
minutes later, heading in the direction of the 
Astronomy Tower. Malfoy obviously hadnt expected 
more people to be on the watch; he seemed to have 
exhausted his supply of Darkness Powder, at any 
rate. A fight broke out, they scattered and we gave 
chase. One of them, Gibbon, broke away and headed 
up the tower stairs   

To set off the Mark? asked Harry. 

He must have done, yes, they must have arranged 
that before they left the Room of Requirement, said 
Lupin. But I dont think Gibbon liked the idea of 
waiting up there alone for Dumbledore, because he 
came running back downstairs to rejoin the fight and 
was hit by a Killing Curse that just missed me. 

So if Ron was watching the Room of Requirement 
with Ginny and Neville, said Harry, turning to 
Hermione, were you  ? 

Outside Snapes office, yes, whispered Hermione, 
her eyes sparkling with tears, with Luna. We hung 

  694 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




around for ages outside it and nothing happened. ... 
We didnt know what was going on upstairs, Ron had 
taken the map. ... It was nearly midnight when 
Professor Flitwick came sprinting down into the 
dungeons. He was shouting about Death Eaters in 
the castle, I dont think he really registered that Luna 
and I were there at all, he just burst his way into 
Snapes office and we heard him saying that Snape 
had to go back with him and help and then we heard 
a loud thump and Snape came hurtling out of his 
room and he saw us and  and   

What? Harry urged her. 

I was so stupid, Harry! said Hermione in a high 
pitched whisper. He said Professor Flitwick had 
collapsed and that we should go and take care of him 
while he  while he went to help fight the Death 
Eaters   She covered her face in shame and 
continued to talk into her fingers, so that her voice 
was muffled. We went into his office to see if we 
could help Professor Flitwick and found him 
unconscious on the floor ... and oh, its so obvious 
now, Snape must have Stupefied Flitwick, but we 
didnt realize, Harry, we didnt realize, we just let 
Snape go! 

Its not your fault, said Lupin firmly. Hermione, 
had you not obeyed Snape and got out of the way, he 
probably would have killed you and Luna. 

So then he came upstairs, said Harry, who was 
watching Snape running up the marble staircase in 
his minds eye, his black robes billowing behind him 
as ever, pulling his wand from under his cloak as he 
ascended, and he found the place where you were all 
fighting. ... 



  695 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




We were in trouble, we were losing, said Tonks in a 
low voice. Gibbon was down, but the rest of the 
Death Eaters seemed ready to fight to the death. 
Neville had been hurt, Bill had been savaged by 
Greyback ... It was all dark . . . curses flying 
everywhere ... The Malfoy boy had vanished, he must 
have slipped past, up the stairs ... then more of them 
ran after him, but one of them blocked the stair 
behind them with some kind of curse. ... Neville ran 
at it and got thrown up into the air   

None of us could break through, said Ron, and that 
massive Death Eater was still firing off jinxes all over 
the place, they were bouncing off the walls and barely 
missing us. ... 

And then Snape was there, said Tonks, and then 
he wasnt   

I saw him running toward us, but that huge Death 
Eaters jinx just missed me right afterward and I 
ducked and lost track of things, said Ginny. 

I saw him run straight through the cursed barrier as 
though it wasnt there, said Lupin. I tried to follow 
him, but was thrown back just like Neville. ... 

He must have known a spell we didnt, whispered 
McGonagall. After all  he was the Defense Against 
the Dark Arts teacher. ... I just assumed that he was 
in a hurry to chase after the Death Eaters whod 
escaped up to the tower. ... 

He was, said Harry savagely, but to help them, not 
to stop them ... and Ill bet you had to have a Dark 
Mark to get through that barrier  so what happened 
when he came back down? 



  696 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Well, the big Death Eater had just fired off a hex that 
caused half the ceiling to fall in, and also broke the 
curse blocking the stairs, said Lupin. We all ran 
forward  those of us who were still standing anyway 
 and then Snape and the boy emerged out of the 
dust  obviously, none of us attacked them   

We just let them pass, said Tonks in a hollow voice. 
We thought they were being chased by the Death 
Eaters  and next thing, the other Death Eaters and 
Greyback were back and we were fighting again  I 
thought I heard Snape shout something, but I dont 
know what   

He shouted, Its over,  said Harry. Hed done what 
hed meant to do. 

They all fell silent. Fawkess lament was still echoing 
over the dark grounds outside. As the music 
reverberated upon the air, unbidden, unwelcome 
thoughts slunk into Harrys mind. ... Had they taken 
Dumbledores body from the foot of the tower yet? 
What would happen to it next? Where would it rest? 
He clenched his fists tightly in his pockets. He could 
feel the small cold lump of the fake Horcrux against 
the knuckles of his right hand. 

The doors of the hospital wing burst open, making 
them all jump: Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were striding up 
the ward, Fleur just behind them, her beautiful face 
terrified. 

Molly  Arthur   said Professor McGonagall, 
jumping up and hurrying to greet them. I am so 
sorry   

Bill, whispered Mrs. Weasley, darting past Professor 
McGonagall as she caught sight of Bills mangled face. 
Oh, Bill'. 

  697 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Lupin and Tonks had got up hastily and retreated so 
that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could get nearer to the 
bed. Mrs. Weasley bent over her son and pressed her 
lips to his bloody forehead. 

You said Greyback attacked him? Mr. Weasley 
asked Professor McGonagall distractedly. But he 
hadnt transformed? So what does that mean? What 
will happen to Bill? 

We dont yet know, said Professor McGonagall, 
looking helplessly at Lupin. 

There will probably be some contamination, Arthur, 
said Lupin. It is an odd case, possibly unique. ... We 
dont know what his behavior might be like when he 
awakens. ... 

Mrs. Weasley took the nastysmelling ointment from 
Madam Pomfrey and began dabbing at Bills wounds. 

And Dumbledore ... said Mr. Weasley. Minerva, is it 
true ... Is he really ... ? 

As Professor McGonagall nodded, Harry felt Ginny 
move beside him and looked at her. Her slightly 
narrowed eyes were fixed upon Fleur, who was gazing 
down at Bill with a frozen expression on her face. 

Dumbledore gone, whispered Mr. Weasley, but Mrs. 
Weasley had eyes only for her eldest son; she began 
to sob, tears falling onto Bills mutilated face. 

Of course, it doesnt matter how he looks. ... Its not 
rreally important . . . but he was a very handsome 
little bboy . . . always very handsome . . . and he was g 
going to be married! 



  698 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




And what do you mean by zat? said Fleur suddenly 
and loudly. What do you mean, e was going to be 
married?  

Mrs. Weasley raised her tearstained face, looking 
startled. Well  only that   

You theenk Bill will not wish to marry me anymore? 
demanded Fleur. You theenk, because of these bites, 
he will not love me? 

No, thats not what I   

Because e will! said Fleur, drawing herself up to her 
full height and throwing back her long mane of silver 
hair. It would take more zan a werewolf to stop Bill 
loving me! 

Well, yes, Im sure, said Mrs. Weasley, but I 
thought perhaps  given how  how he   

You thought I would not weesh to marry him? Or 
peraps, you hoped? said Fleur, her nostrils flaring. 
What do I care how he looks? I am goodlooking 
enough for both of us, I theenk! All these scars show 
is zat my husband is brave! And I shall do zat! she 
added fiercely, pushing Mrs. Weasley aside and 
snatching the ointment from her. 

Mrs. Weasley fell back against her husband and 
watched Fleur mopping up Bills wounds with a most 
curious expression upon her face. Nobody said 
anything; Harry did not dare move. Like everybody 
else, he was waiting for the explosion. 

Our GreatAuntie Muriel, said Mrs. Weasley after a 
long pause, has a very beautiful tiara  goblinmade 
 which I am sure I could persuade her to lend you 



  699 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




for the wedding. She is very fond of Bill, you know, 
and it would look lovely with your hair. 



Thank you, said Fleur stiffly. I am sure zat will be 
lovely. 

And then, Harry did not quite see how it happened, 
both women were crying and hugging each other. 
Completely bewildered, wondering whether the world 
had gone mad, he turned around: Ron looked as 
stunned as he felt and Ginny and Hermione were 
exchanging startled looks. 

You see! said a strained voice. Tonks was glaring at 
Lupin. She still wants to marry him, even though 
hes been bitten! She doesnt care! 

Its different, said Lupin, barely moving his lips and 
looking suddenly tense. Bill will not be a full 
werewolf. The cases are completely   

But I dont care either, I dont care! said Tonks, 
seizing the front of Lupins robes and shaking them. 
Ive told you a million times. ... 

And the meaning of Tonkss Patronus and her mouse 
colored hair, and the reason she had come running to 
find Dumbledore when she had heard a rumor 
someone had been attacked by Greyback, all 
suddenly became clear to Harry; it had not been 
Sirius that Tonks had fallen in love with after all. 

And Ive told you a million times, said Lupin, 
refusing to meet her eyes, staring at the floor, that I 
am too old for you, too poor ... too dangerous. ... 

Ive said all along youre taking a ridiculous line on 
this, Remus, said Mrs. Weasley over Fleurs shoulder 
as she patted her on the back. 

  700 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I am not being ridiculous, said Lupin steadily. 
Tonks deserves somebody young and whole. 

But she wants you, said Mr. Weasley, with a small 
smile. And after all, Remus, young and whole men do 
not necessarily remain so. 

He gestured sadly at his son, lying between them. 

This is ... not the moment to discuss it, said Lupin, 
avoiding everybodys eyes as he looked around 
distractedly. Dumbledore is dead. ... 

Dumbledore would have been happier than anybody 
to think that there was a little more love in the world, 
said Professor McGonagall curtly, just as the hospital 
doors opened again and Hagrid walked in. 

The little of his face that was not obscured by hair or 
beard was soaking and swollen; he was shaking with 
tears, a vast, spotted handkerchief in his hand. 

Ive ... Ive done it, Professor, he choked. Mmoved 
him. Professor Sprouts got the kids back in bed. 
Professor Flitwicks lyin down, but he says hell be all 
righ in a jiffy, an Professor Slughorn says the 
Ministrys bin informed. 

Thank you, Hagrid, said Professor McGonagall, 
standing up at once and turning to look at the group 
around Bills bed. I shall have to see the Ministry 
when they get here. Hagrid, please tell the Heads of 
Houses  Slughorn can represent Slytherin  that I 
want to see them in my office forthwith. I would like 
you to join us too. 

As Hagrid nodded, turned, and shuffled out of the 
room again, she looked down at Harry. Before I meet 



  701 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




them I would like a quick word with you, Harry. If 
youll come with me. ... 

Harry stood up, murmured See you in a bit to Ron, 
Hermione, and Ginny, and followed Professor 
McGonagall back down the ward. The corridors 
outside were deserted and the only sound was the 
distant phoenix song. It was several minutes before 
Harry became aware that they were not heading for 
Professor McGonagalls office, but for Dumbledores, 
and another few seconds before he realized that of 
course, she had been deputy headmistress. ... 
Apparently she was now headmistress ... so the room 
behind the gargoyle was now hers. 

In silence they ascended the moving spiral staircase 
and entered the circular office. He did not know what 
he had expected: that the room would be draped in 
black, perhaps, or even that Dumbledores body 
might be lying there. In fact, it looked almost exactly 
as it had done when he and Dumbledore had left it 
mere hours previously: the silver instruments 
whirring and puffing on their spindlelegged tables, 
Gryffindors sword in its glass case gleaming in the 
moonlight, the Sorting Hat on a shelf behind the 
desk. But Fawkess perch stood empty, he was still 
crying his lament to the grounds. And a new portrait 
had joined the ranks of the dead headmasters and 
headmistresses of Hogwarts: Dumbledore was 
slumbering in a golden frame over the desk, his half 
moon spectacles perched upon his crooked nose, 
looking peaceful and untroubled. 

After glancing once at this portrait, Professor 
McGonagall made an odd movement as though 
steeling herself, then rounded the desk to look at 
Harry, her face taut and lined. 



  702 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Harry, she said, I would like to know what you and 
Professor Dumbledore were doing this evening when 
you left the school. 

I cant tell you that, Professor, said Harry. He had 
expected the question and had his answer ready. It 
had been here, in this very room, that Dumbledore 
had told him that he was to confide the contents of 
their lessons to nobody but Ron and Hermione. 

Harry, it might be important, said Professor 
McGonagall. 

It is, said Harry, very, but he didnt want me to tell 
anyone. 

Professor McGonagall glared at him. Potter  Harry 
registered the renewed use of his surname  in the 
light of Professor Dumbledores death, I think you 
must see that the situation has changed somewhat  



I dont think so, said Harry, shrugging. Professor 
Dumbledore never told me to stop following his orders 
if he died. 

But   

Theres one thing you should know before the 
Ministry gets here, though. Madam Rosmertas under 
the Imperius Curse, she was helping Malfoy and the 
Death Eaters, thats how the necklace and the 
poisoned mead   

Rosmerta? said Professor McGonagall incredulously, 
but before she could go on, there was a knock on the 
door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick, 
and Slughorn traipsed into the room, followed by 



  703 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Hagrid, who was still weeping copiously, his huge 
frame trembling with grief. 

Snape! ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the most 
shaken, pale and sweating. Snape! I taught him! I 
thought I knew him! 

But before any of them could respond to this, a sharp 
voice spoke from high on the wall: A sallowfaced 
wizard with a short black fringe had just walked back 
into his empty canvas. 

Minerva, the Minister will be here within seconds, he 
has just Disapparated from the Ministry. 

Thank you, Everard, said Professor McGonagall, 
and she turned quickly to her teachers. 

I want to talk about what happens to Hogwarts 
before he gets here, she said quickly. Personally, I 
am not convinced that the school should reopen next 
year. The death of the headmaster at the hands of one 
of our colleagues is a terrible stain upon Hogwarts s 
history. It is horrible. 

I am sure Dumbledore would have wanted the school 
to remain open, said Professor Sprout. I feel that if a 
single pupil wants to come, then the school ought to 
remain open for that pupil. 

But will we have a single pupil after this? said 
Slughorn, now dabbing his sweating brow with a 
silken handkerchief. Parents will want to keep their 
children at home and I cant say I blame them. 
Personally, I dont think were in more danger at 
Hogwarts than we are anywhere else, but you cant 
expect mothers to think like that. Theyll want to keep 
their families together, its only natural. 



  704 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I agree, said Professor McGonagall. And in any 
case, it is not true to say that Dumbledore never 
envisaged a situation in which Hogwarts might close. 
When the Chamber of Secrets reopened he considered 
the closure of the school  and I must say that 
Professor Dumbledores murder is more disturbing to 
me than the idea of Slytherins monster living 
undetected in the bowels of the castle. ... 

We must consult the governors, said Professor 
Flitwick in his squeaky little voice; he had a large 
bruise on his forehead but seemed otherwise 
unscathed by his collapse in Snapes office. We must 
follow the established procedures. A decision should 
not be made hastily. 

Hagrid, you havent said anything, said Professor 
McGonagall. What are your views, ought Hogwarts to 
remain open? 

Hagrid, who had been weeping silently into his large, 
spotted handkerchief throughout this conversation, 
now raised puffy red eyes and croaked, I dunno, 
Professor ... thats fer the Heads of House an the 
headmistress ter decide ... 

Professor Dumbledore always valued your views, 
said Professor McGonagall kindly, and so do I. 

Well, Im stayin, said Hagrid, fat tears still leaking 
out of the corners of his eyes and trickling down into 
his tangled beard. Its me home, its bin me home 
since I was thirteen. An if theres kids who wan me 
ter teach em, Ill do it. But ... I dunno ... Hogwarts 
without Dumbledore ... He gulped and disappeared 
behind his handkerchief once more, and there was 
silence. 



  705 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Very well, said Professor McGonagall, glancing out 
of the window at the grounds, checking to see 
whether the Minister was yet approaching, then I 
must agree with Filius that the right thing to do is to 
consult the governors, who will make the final 
decision. 

Now, as to getting students home ... there is an 
argument for doing it sooner rather than later. We 
could arrange for the Hogwarts Express to come 
tomorrow if necessary   

What about Dumbledores funeral? said Harry, 
speaking at last. 

Well ... said Professor McGonagall, losing a little of 
her briskness as her voice shook. I  I know that it 
was Dumbledores wish to be laid to rest here, at 
Hogwarts   

Then thats whatll happen, isnt it? said Harry 
fiercely. 

If the Ministry thinks it appropriate, said Professor 
McGonagall. No other headmaster or headmistress 
has ever been   

No other headmaster or headmistress ever gave more 
to this school, growled Hagrid. 

Hogwarts should be Dumbledores final resting 
place, said Professor Flitwick. 

Absolutely, said Professor Sprout. 

And in that case, said Harry, you shouldnt send 
the students home until the funerals over. Theyll 
want to say   



  706 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




The last word caught in his throat, but Professor 
Sprout completed the sentence for him. 



Goodbye. 

Well said, squeaked Professor Flitwick. Well said 
indeed! Our students should pay tribute, it is fitting. 
We can arrange transport home afterward. 

Seconded, barked Professor Sprout. 

I suppose ... yes ... said Slughorn in a rather 
agitated voice, while Hagrid let out a strangled sob of 
assent. 

Hes coming, said Professor McGonagall suddenly, 
gazing down into the grounds. The Minister ... and 
by the looks of it, hes brought a delegation ... 

Can I leave, Professor? said Harry at once. 

He had no desire at all to see, or be interrogated by, 
Rufus Scrimgeour tonight. 

You may, said Professor McGonagall. And quickly. 

She strode toward the door and held it open for him. 
He sped down the spiral staircase and off along the 
deserted corridor; he had left his Invisibility Cloak at 
the top of the Astronomy Tower, but it did not matter; 
there was nobody in the corridors to see him pass, 
not even Filch, Mrs. Norris, or Peeves. He did not 
meet another soul until he turned into the passage 
leading to the Gryffindor common room. 

Is it true? whispered the Fat Lady as he approached 
her. It is really true? Dumbledore  dead? 

Yes, said Harry. 

  707 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She let out a wail and, without waiting for the 
password, swung forward to admit him. 



As Harry had suspected it would be, the common 
room was jampacked. The room fell silent as he 
climbed through the portrait hole. He saw Dean and 
Seamus sitting in a group nearby: This meant that 
the dormitory must be empty, or nearly so. Without 
speaking to anybody, without making eye contact at 
all, Harry walked straight across the room and 
through the door to the boys dormitories. 

As he had hoped, Ron was waiting for him, still fully 
dressed, sitting on his bed. Harry sat down on his 
own fourposter and for a moment, they simply stared 
at each other. 

Theyre talking about closing the school, said Harry. 
Lupin said they would, said Ron. 

There was a pause. 

So? said Ron in a very low voice, as though he 
thought the furniture might be listening in. Did you 
find one? Did you get it? A  a Horcrux? 

Harry shook his head. All that had taken place 
around that black lake seemed like an old nightmare 
now; had it really happened, and only hours ago? 

You didnt get it? said Ron, looking crestfallen. It 
wasnt there? 

No, said Harry. Someone had already taken it and 
left a fake in its place. 

Already taken  ? 

  708 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Wordlessly, Harry pulled the fake locket from his 
pocket, opened it, and passed it to Ron. The full story 
could wait. ... It did not matter tonight ... nothing 
mattered except the end, the end of their pointless 
adventure, the end of Dumbledores life. ... 

R.A.B., whispered Ron, but who was that? 

Dunno, said Harry, lying back on his bed fully 
clothed and staring blankly upwards. He felt no 
curiosity at all about R.A.B.: He doubted that he 
would ever feel curious again. As he lay there, he 
became aware suddenly that the grounds were silent. 
Fawkes had stopped singing. 

And he knew, without knowing how he knew it, that 
the phoenix had gone, had left Hogwarts for good, just 
as Dumbledore had left the school, had left the world 
. . . had left Harry. 



  709 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   






THE WHITE TOMB 

All lessons were suspended, all examinations 
postponed. Some students were hurried away from 
Hogwarts by their parents over the next couple of 
days  the Patil twins were gone before breakfast on 
the morning following Dumbledores death, and 
Zacharias Smith was escorted from the castle by his 
haughtylooking father. Seamus Finnigan, on the 
other hand, refused pointblank to accompany his 
mother home; they had a shouting match in the 
entrance hall that was resolved when she agreed that 
he could remain behind for the funeral. She had 
difficulty in finding a bed in Hogsmeade, Seamus told 
Harry and Ron, for wizards and witches were pouring 
into the village, preparing to pay their last respects to 
Dumbledore. 

Some excitement was caused among the younger 
students, who had never seen it before, when a 
powderblue carriage the size of a house, pulled by a 
dozen giant winged palominos, came soaring out of 
the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and 



  710 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   



landed on the edge of the forest. Harry watched from 
a window as a gigantic and handsome oliveskinned, 
blackhaired woman descended the carriage steps 
and threw herself into the waiting Hagrids arms. 
Meanwhile a delegation of Ministry officials, including 
the Minister of Magic himself, was being 
accommodated within the castle. Harry was diligently 
avoiding contact with any of them; he was sure that, 
sooner or later, he would be asked again to account 
for Dumbledores last excursion from Hogwarts. 

Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were spending all 
of their time together. The beautiful weather seemed 
to mock them; Harry could imagine how it would have 
been if Dumbledore had not died, and they had had 
this time together at the very end of the year, Ginnys 
examinations finished, the pressure of homework 
lifted . . . and hour by hour, he put off saying the thing 
that he knew he must say, doing what he knew was 
right to do, because it was too hard to forgo his best 
source of comfort. 

They visited the hospital wing twice a day: Neville had 
been discharged, but Bill remained under Madam 
Pomfreys care. His scars were as bad as ever  in 
truth, he now bore a distinct resemblance to MadEye 
Moody, though thankfully with both eyes and legs  
but in personality he seemed just the same as ever. 

All that appeared to have changed was that he now 
had a great liking for very rare steaks. 

"... so eet ees lucky e is marrying me, said Fleur 
happily, plumping up Bills pillows, because ze 
British overcook their meat, I ave always said this. 

I suppose Im just going to have to accept that he 
really is going to marry her, sighed Ginny later that 
evening, as she, Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat beside 



  711 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the open window of the Gryffindor common room, 
looking out over the twilit grounds. 

Shes not that bad, said Harry. Ugly, though, he 
added hastily, as Ginny raised her eyebrows, and she 
let out a reluctant giggle. 

Well, I suppose if Mum can stand it, I can. 

Anyone else we know died? Ron asked Hermione, 
who was perusing the Evening Prophet. 

Hermione winced at the forced toughness in his voice. 
No, she said reprovingly, folding up the newspaper. 
Theyre still looking for Snape but no sign ... 

Of course there isnt, said Harry, who became angry 
every time this subject cropped up. They wont find 
Snape till they find Voldemort, and seeing as theyve 
never managed to do that in all this time ... 

Im going to go to bed, yawned Ginny. I havent 
been sleeping that well since . . . well ... I could do with 
some sleep. 

She kissed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved 
at the other two, and departed for the girls 
dormitories. The moment the door had closed behind 
her, Hermione leaned forward toward Harry with a 
most Hermioneish look on her face. 

Harry, I found something out this morning, in the 
library. 

R.A.B.? said Harry, sitting up straight. 

He did not feel the way he had so often felt before, 
excited, curious, burning to get to the bottom of a 
mystery; he simply knew that the task of discovering 

  712 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed 
before he could move a little farther along the dark 
and winding path stretching ahead of him, the path 
that he and Dumbledore had set out upon together, 
and which he now knew he would have to journey 
alone. There might still be as many as four Horcruxes 
out there somewhere, and each would need to be 
found and eliminated before there was even a 
possibility that Voldemort could be killed. He kept 
reciting their names to himself, as though by listing 
them he could bring them within reach: the locket ... 
the cup . . . the snake . . . something of Gryffindors or 
Ravenclaws . . . the locket . . . the cup . . . the snake . . . 
something of Gryffindors or Ravenclaws ... 

This mantra seemed to pulse through Harrys mind as 
he fell asleep at night, and his dreams were thick with 
cups, lockets, and mysterious objects that he could 
not quite reach, though Dumbledore helpfully offered 
Harry a rope ladder that turned to snakes the 
moment he began to climb. ... 

He had shown Hermione the note inside the locket 
the morning after Dumbledore s death, and although 
she had not immediately recognized the initials as 
belonging to some obscure wizard about whom she 
had been reading, she had since been rushing off to 
the library a little more often than was strictly 
necessary for somebody who had no homework to do. 

No, she said sadly, Ive been trying, Harry, but I 
havent found anything. ... There are a couple of 
reasonably wellknown wizards with those initials  
Rosalind Antigone Bungs . . . Rupert Axebanger 
Brookstanton ... but they dont seem to fit at all. 
Judging by that note, the person who stole the 
Horcrux knew Voldemort, and I cant find a shred of 
evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever had anything 



  713 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




to do with him. ... No, actually, its about ... well, 
Snape. 

She looked nervous even saying the name again. 

What about him? asked Harry heavily, slumping 
back in his chair. 

Well, its just that I was sort of right about the Half 
Blood Prince business, she said tentatively. 

Dyou have to rub it in, Hermione? How dyou think I 
feel about that now? 

No  no  Harry, I didnt mean that! she said 
hastily, looking around to check that they were not 
being overheard. Its just that I was right about 
Eileen Prince once owning the book. You see ... she 
was Snape s mother! 

I thought she wasnt much of a looker, said Ron. 
Hermione ignored him. 

I was going through the rest of the old Prophets and 
there was a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince 
marrying a man called Tobias Snape, and then later 
an announcement saying that shed given birth to a 



  murderer, spat Harry. 

Well ... yes, said Hermione. So ... I was sort of 
right. Snape must have been proud of being half a 
Prince, you see? Tobias Snape was a Muggle from 
what it said in the Prophet 

Yeah, that fits, said Harry. Hed play up the pure 
blood side so he could get in with Lucius Malfoy and 
the rest of them. ... Hes just like Voldemort. Pure 

  714 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




blood mother, Muggle father . . . ashamed of his 
parentage, trying to make himself feared using the 
Dark Arts, gave himself an impressive new name  
Lord Voldemort  the HalfBlood Prince  how could 
Dumbledore have missed  ? 

He broke off, looking out the window. He could not 
stop himself dwelling upon Dumbledore s inexcusable 
trust in Snape ... but as Hermione had just 
inadvertently reminded him, he, Harry, had been 
taken in just the same. ... In spite of the increasing 
nastiness of those scribbled spells, he had refused to 
believe ill of the boy who had been so clever, who had 
helped him so much. ... 

Helped him ... it was an almost unendurable thought 
now. 

I still dont get why he didnt turn you in for using 
that book, said Ron. He mustve known where you 
were getting it all from. 

He knew, said Harry bitterly. He knew when I used 
Sectumsempra. He didnt really need Legilimency. ... 
He might even have known before then, with 
Slughorn talking about how brilliant I was at Potions. 
... Shouldnt have left his old book in the bottom of 
that cupboard, should he? 

But why didnt he turn you in? 

I dont think he wanted to associate himself with that 
book, said Hermione. I dont think Dumbledore 
would have liked it very much if hed known. And 
even if Snape pretended it hadnt been his, Slughorn 
would have recognized his writing at once. Anyway, 
the book was left in Snapes old classroom, and Ill bet 
Dumbledore knew his mother was called Prince.  



  715 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




I shouldve shown the book to Dumbledore, said 
Harry. All that time he was showing me how 
Voldemort was evil even when he was at school, and I 
had proof Snape was too   

 Evil is a strong word, said Hermione quietly. 

You were the one who kept telling me the book was 
dangerous! 

Im trying to say, Harry, that youre putting too much 
blame on yourself. I thought the Prince seemed to 
have a nasty sense of humor, but I would never have 
guessed he was a potential killer. ... 

None of us couldve guessed Snape would ... you 
know, said Ron. 

Silence fell between them, each of them lost in their 
own thoughts, but Harry was sure that they, like him, 
were thinking about the following morning, when 
Dumbledores body would be laid to rest. He had 
never attended a funeral before; there had been no 
body to bury when Sirius had died. He did not know 
what to expect and was a little worried about what he 
might see, about how he would feel. He wondered 
whether Dumbledores death would be more real to 
him once it was over. Though he had moments when 
the horrible fact of it threatened to overwhelm him, 
there were blank stretches of numbness where, 
despite the fact that nobody was talking about 
anything else in the whole castle, he still found it 
difficult to believe that Dumbledore had really gone. 
Admittedly he had not, as he had with Sirius, looked 
desperately for some kind of loophole, some way that 
Dumbledore would come back. . . . He felt in his pocket 
for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux, which he now 
carried with him everywhere, not as a talisman, but 



  716 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




as a reminder of what it had cost and what remained 
still to do. 

Harry rose early to pack the next day; the Hogwarts 
Express would be leaving an hour after the funeral. 
Downstairs, he found the mood in the Great Hall 
subdued. Everybody was wearing their dress robes 
and no one seemed very hungry. Professor 
McGonagall had left the thronelike chair in the middle 
of the staff table empty. Hagrids chair was deserted 
too; Harry thought that perhaps he had not been able 
to face breakfast, but Snapes place had been 
unceremoniously filled by Rufus Scrimgeour. Harry 
avoided his yellowish eyes as they scanned the Hall; 
Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Scrimgeour 
was looking for him. Among Scrimgeours entourage 
Harry spotted the red hair and hornrimmed glasses 
of Percy Weasley. Ron gave no sign that he was aware 
of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with 
unwonted venom. 

Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were 
muttering together. Hulking boys though they were, 
they looked oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of 
Malfoy between them, bossing them around. Harry 
had not spared Malfoy much thought. His animosity 
was all for Snape, but he had not forgotten the fear in 
Malfoys voice on that tower top, nor the fact that he 
had lowered his wand before the other Death Eaters 
arrived. Harry did not believe that Malfoy would have 
killed Dumbledore. He despised Malfoy still for his 
infatuation with the Dark Arts, but now the tiniest 
drop of pity mingled with his dislike. Where, Harry 
wondered, was Malfoy now, and what was Voldemort 
making him do under threat of killing him and his 
parents? 

Harrys thoughts were interrupted by a nudge in the 
ribs from Ginny. Professor McGonagall had risen to 

  717 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




her feet, and the mournful hum in the Hall died away 
at once. 

It is nearly time, she said. Please follow your Heads 
of Houses out into the grounds. Gryffindors, after 
me. 

They filed out from behind their benches in near 
silence. Harry glimpsed Slughorn at the head of the 
Slytherin column, wearing magnificent, long, emerald 
green robes embroidered with silver. He had never 
seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, 
looking so clean; there was not a single patch on her 
hat, and when they reached the entrance hall, they 
found Madam Pince standing beside Filch, she in a 
thick black veil that fell to her knees, he in an ancient 
black suit and tie reeking of mothballs. 

They were heading, as Harry saw when he stepped 
out onto the stone steps from the front doors, toward 
the lake. The warmth of the sun caressed his face as 
they followed Professor McGonagall in silence to the 
place where hundreds of chairs had been set out in 
rows. An aisle ran down the center of them: There 
was a marble table standing at the front, all chairs 
facing it. It was the most beautiful summers day. 

An extraordinary assortment of people had already 
settled into half of the chairs; shabby and smart, old 
and young. Most Harry did not recognize, but a few 
he did, including members of the Order of the 
Phoenix: Kingsley Shacklebolt; MadEye Moody; 
Tonks, her hair miraculously returned to vividest 
pink; Remus Lupin, with whom she seemed to be 
holding hands; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley; Bill supported 
by Fleur and followed by Fred and George, who were 
wearing jackets of black dragon skin. Then there was 
Madame Maxime, who took up two and a half chairs 
on her own; Tom, the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron 
  718 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




in London; Arabella Figg, Harrys Squib neighbor; the 
hairy bass player from the Wizarding group the Weird 
Sisters; Ernie Prang, driver of the Knight Bus; Madam 
Malkin, of the robe shop in Diagon Alley; and some 
people whom Harry merely knew by sight, such as the 
barman of the Hogs Head and the witch who pushed 
the trolley on the Hogwarts Express. The castle ghosts 
were there too, barely visible in the bright sunlight, 
discernible only when they moved, shimmering 
insubstantially on the gleaming air. 

Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny filed into seats at 
the end of a row beside the lake. People were 
whispering to each other; it sounded like a breeze in 
the grass, but the birdsong was louder by far. The 
crowd continued to swell; with a great rush of 
affection for both of them, Harry saw Neville being 
helped into a seat by Luna. Neville and Luna alone of 
the D.A. had responded to Hermione s summons the 
night that Dumbledore had died, and Harry knew 
why: They were the ones who had missed the D.A. 
most . . . probably the ones who had checked their 
coins regularly in the hope that there would be 
another meeting. 

Cornelius Fudge walked past toward the front rows, 
his expression miserable, twirling his green bowler 
hat as usual; Harry next recognized Rita Skeeter, 
who, he was infuriated to see, had a notebook 
clutched in her redtaloned hand, and then, with a 
worse jolt of fury, Dolores Umbridge, an unconvincing 
expression of grief upon her toadlike face, a black 
velvet bow set atop her ironcolored curls. At the sight 
of the centaur Firenze, who was standing like a 
sentinel near the waters edge, she gave a start and 
scurried hastily into a seat a good distance away. 

The staff was seated at last. Harry could see 
Scrimgeour looking grave and dignified in the front 

  719 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




row with Professor McGonagall. He wondered whether 
Scrimgeour or any of these important people were 
really sorry that Dumbledore was dead. But then he 
heard music, strange, otherworldly music, and he 
forgot his dislike of the Ministry in looking around for 
the source of it. He was not the only one: Many heads 
were turning, searching, a little alarmed. 

In there, whispered Ginny in Harrys ear. 

And he saw them in the clear green sunlit water, 
inches below the surface, reminding him horribly of 
the Inferi: a chorus of merpeople singing in a strange 
language he did not understand, their pallid faces 
rippling, their purplish hair flowing all around them. 
The music made the hair on Harrys neck stand up, 
and yet it was not unpleasant. It spoke very clearly of 
loss and of despair. As he looked down into the wild 
faces of the singers, he had the feeling that they, at 
least, were sorry for Dumbledores passing. Then 
Ginny nudged him again and he looked around. 

Hagrid was walking slowly up the aisle between the 
chairs. He was crying quite silently, his face gleaming 
with tears, and in his arms, wrapped in purple velvet 
spangled with golden stars, was what Harry knew to 
be Dumbledores body. A sharp pain rose in Harrys 
throat at this sight: For a moment, the strange music 
and the knowledge that Dumbledores body was so 
close seemed to take all warmth from the day. Ron 
looked white and shocked. Tears were falling thick 
and fast into both Ginny s and Hermiones laps. 

They could not see clearly what was happening at the 
front. Hagrid seemed to have placed the body 
carefully upon the table. Now he retreated down the 
aisle, blowing his nose with loud trumpeting noises 
that drew scandalized looks from some, including, 
Harry saw, Dolores Umbridge ... but Harry knew that 
  720 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Dumbledore would not have cared. He tried to make a 
friendly gesture to Hagrid as he passed, but Hagrids 
eyes were so swollen it was a wonder he could see 
where he was going. Harry glanced at the back row to 
which Hagrid was heading and realized what was 
guiding him, for there, dressed in a jacket and 
trousers each the size of a small marquee, was the 
giant Grawp, his great ugly boulderlike head bowed, 
docile, almost human. Hagrid sat down next to his 
halfbrother, and Grawp patted Hagrid hard on the 
head, so that his chair legs sank into the ground. 
Harry had a wonderful momentary urge to laugh. But 
then the music stopped, and he turned to face the 
front again. 

A little tuftyhaired man in plain black robes had got 
to his feet and stood now in front of Dumbledore s 
body. Harry could not hear what he was saying. Odd 
words floated back to them over the hundreds of 
heads. Nobility of spirit ... intellectual contribution 
... greatness of heart ... It did not mean very much. 

It had little to do with Dumbledore as Harry had 
known him. He suddenly remembered Dumbledore s 
idea of a few words, nitwit, oddment, blubber, 
and tweak, and again had to suppress a grin. ... 
What was the matter with him? 

There was a soft splashing noise to his left and he 
saw that the merpeople had broken the surface to 
listen too. He remembered Dumbledore crouching at 
the waters edge two years ago, very close to where 
Harry now sat, and conversing in Mermish with the 
Merchieftainess. Harry wondered where Dumbledore 
had learned Mermish. There was so much he had 
never asked him, so much he should have said. ... 

And then, without warning, it swept over him, the 
dreadful truth, more completely and undeniably than 
it had until now. Dumbledore was dead, gone. ... He 

  721 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




clutched the cold locket in his hand so tightly that it 
hurt, but he could not prevent hot tears spilling from 
his eyes: He looked away from Ginny and the others 
and stared out over the lake, toward the forest, as the 
little man in black droned on. ... There was movement 
among the trees. The centaurs had come to pay their 
respects too. They did not move into the open but 
Harry saw them standing quite still, half hidden in 
shadow, watching the wizards, their bows hanging at 
their sides. And Harry remembered his first 
nightmarish trip into the forest, the first time he had 
ever encountered the thing that was then Voldemort, 
and how he had faced him, and how he and 
Dumbledore had discussed fighting a losing battle not 
long thereafter. It was important, Dumbledore said, to 
fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then 
could evil be kept at bay, though never quite 
eradicated. ... 

And Harry saw very clearly as he sat there under the 
hot sun how people who cared about him had stood 
in front of him one by one, his mother, his father, his 
godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to 
protect him; but now that was over. He could not let 
anybody else stand between him and Voldemort; he 
must abandon forever the illusion he ought to have 
lost at the age of one, that the shelter of a parents 
arms meant that nothing could hurt him. There was 
no waking from his nightmare, no comforting whisper 
in the dark that he was safe really, that it was all in 
his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors 
had died, and he was more alone than he had ever 
been before. 

The little man in black had stopped speaking at last 
and resumed his seat. Harry waited for somebody else 
to get to their feet; he expected speeches, probably 
from the Minister, but nobody moved. 



  722 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Then several people screamed. Bright, white flames 
had erupted around Dumbledores body and the table 
upon which it lay: Higher and higher they rose, 
obscuring the body. White smoke spiraled into the air 
and made strange shapes: Harry thought, for one 
heart stopping moment, that he saw a phoenix fly 
joyfully into the blue, but next second the fire had 
vanished. In its place was a white marble tomb, 
encasing Dumbledores body and the table on which 
he had rested. 

There were a few more cries of shock as a shower of 
arrows soared through the air, but they fell far short 
of the crowd. It was, Harry knew, the centaurs 
tribute: He saw them turn tail and disappear back 
into the cool trees. Likewise, the merpeople sank 
slowly back into the green water and were lost from 
view. 

Harry looked at Ginny, Ron, and Hermione: Rons 
face was screwed up as though the sunlight were 
blinding him. Hermione s face was glazed with tears, 
but Ginny was no longer crying. She met Harrys gaze 
with the same hard, blazing look that he had seen 
when she had hugged him after winning the 
Quidditch Cup in his absence, and he knew that at 
that moment they understood each other perfectly, 
and that when he told her what he was going to do 
now, she would not say, Be careful, or Dont do it, 
but accept his decision, because she would not have 
expected anything less of him. And so he steeled 
himself to say what he had known he must say ever 
since Dumbledore had died. 

Ginny, listen ... he said very quietly, as the buzz of 
conversation grew louder around them and people 
began to get to their feet, I cant be involved with you 
anymore. Weve got to stop seeing each other. We 
cant be together. 

  723 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




She said, with an oddly twisted smile, Its for some 
stupid, noble reason, isnt it? 

Its been like ... like something out of someone elses 
life, these last few weeks with you, said Harry. But I 
cant ... we cant ... Ive got things to do alone now. 

She did not cry, she simply looked at him. 

Voldemort uses people his enemies are close to. Hes 
already used you as bait once, and that was just 
because youre my best friends sister. Think how 
much danger youll be in if we keep this up. Hell 
know, hell find out. Hell try and get to me through 
you. 

What if I dont care? said Ginny fiercely. 

I care, said Harry. How do you think Id feel if this 
was your funeral ... and it was my fault. ... 

She looked away from him, over the lake. 

I never really gave up on you, she said. Not really. I 
always hoped. ... Hermione told me to get on with life, 
maybe go out with some other people, relax a bit 
around you, because I never used to be able to talk if 
you were in the room, remember? And she thought 
you might take a bit more notice if I was a bit more  
myself. 

Smart girl, that Hermione, said Harry, trying to 
smile. I just wish Id asked you sooner. We couldve 
had ages ... months ... years maybe. ... 

But youve been too busy saving the Wizarding 
world, said Ginny, half laughing. Well ... I cant say 
Im surprised. I knew this would happen in the end. I 



  724 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




knew you wouldnt be happy unless you were hunting 
Voldemort. Maybe thats why I like you so much. 

Harry could not bear to hear these things, nor did he 
think his resolution would hold if he remained sitting 
beside her. Ron, he saw, was now holding Hermione 
and stroking her hair while she sobbed into his 
shoulder, tears dripping from the end of his own long 
nose. With a miserable gesture, Harry got up, turned 
his back on Ginny and on Dumbledores tomb, and 
walked away around the lake. Moving felt much more 
bearable than sitting still, just as setting out as soon 
as possible to track down the Horcruxes and kill 
Voldemort would feel better than waiting to do it. ... 

Harry! 

He turned. Rufus Scrimgeour was limping rapidly 
toward him around the bank, leaning on his walking 
stick. 

Ive been hoping to have a word ... do you mind if I 
walk a little way with you? 

No, said Harry indifferently, and set off again. 

Harry, this was a dreadful tragedy, said Scrimgeour 
quietly. I cannot tell you how appalled I was to hear 
of it. Dumbledore was a very great wizard. We had our 
disagreements, as you know, but no one knows better 
than I   

What do you want? asked Harry flatly. 

Scrimgeour looked annoyed, but as before, hastily 
modified his expression to one of sorrowful 
understanding. 



  725 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




You are, of course, devastated, he said. I know that 
you were very close to Dumbledore. I think you may 
have been his favorite pupil ever. The bond between 
the two of you   

What do you want? Harry repeated, coming to a 
halt. 

Scrimgeour stopped too, leaned on his stick, and 
stared at Harry, his expression shrewd now. 

The word is that you were with him when he left the 
school the night that he died. 

Whose word? said Harry. 

Somebody Stupefied a Death Eater on top of the 
tower after Dumbledore died. There were also two 
broomsticks up there. The Ministry can add two and 
two, Harry. 

Glad to hear it, said Harry. Well, where I went with 
Dumbledore and what we did is my business. He 
didnt want people to know. 

Such loyalty is admirable, of course, said 
Scrimgeour, who seemed to be restraining his 
irritation with difficulty, but Dumbledore is gone, 
Harry. Hes gone. 

He will only be gone from the school when none here 
are loyal to him, said Harry, smiling in spite of 
himself. 

My dear boy . . . even Dumbledore cannot return from 
the   

I am not saying he can. You wouldnt understand. 

But Ive got nothing to tell you. 

  726 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Scrimgeour hesitated, then said, in what was 
evidently supposed to be a tone of delicacy, The 
Ministry can offer you all sorts of protection, you 
know, Harry. I would be delighted to place a couple of 
my Aurors at your service   

Harry laughed. Voldemort wants to kill me himself, 
and Aurors wont stop him. So thanks for the offer, 
but no thanks. 

So, said Scrimgeour, his voice cold now, the 
request I made of you at Christmas   

What request? Oh yeah . . . the one where I tell the 
world what a great job youre doing in exchange for   

  for raising everyones morale! snapped 
Scrimgeour. 

Harry considered him for a moment. 

Released Stan Shunpike yet? 

Scrimgeour turned a nasty purple color highly 
reminiscent of Uncle Vernon. 

I see you are   

Dumbledores man through and through, said 
Harry. Thats right. 

Scrimgeour glared at him for another moment, then 
turned and limped away without another word. Harry 
could see Percy and the rest of the Ministry delegation 
waiting for him, casting nervous glances at the 
sobbing Hagrid and Grawp, who were still in their 
seats. Ron and Hermione were hurrying toward 
Harry, passing Scrimgeour going in the opposite 
direction. Harry turned and walked slowly on, waiting 
  727 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




for them to catch up, which they finally did in the 
shade of a beech tree under which they had sat in 
happier times. 

What did Scrimgeour want? Hermione whispered. 

Same as he wanted at Christmas, shrugged Harry. 
Wanted me to give him inside information on 
Dumbledore and be the Ministrys new poster boy. 

Ron seemed to struggle with himself for a moment, 
then he said loudly to Hermione, Look, let me go 
back and hit Percy! 

No, she said firmly, grabbing his arm. 

Itll make me feel better! 

Harry laughed. Even Hermione grinned a little, 
though her smile faded as she looked up at the castle. 

I cant bear the idea that we might never come back, 
she said softly. How can Hogwarts close? 

Maybe it wont, said Ron. Were not in any more 
danger here than we are at home, are we? 
Everywheres the same now. Id even say Hogwarts is 
safer, there are more wizards inside to defend the 
place. What dyou reckon, Harry? 

Im not coming back even if it does reopen, said 
Harry. 

Ron gaped at him, but Hermione said sadly, I knew 
you were going to say that. But then what will you 
do? 



  728 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




Tm going back to the Dursleys once more, because 
Dumbledore wanted me to, said Harry. But itll be a 
short visit, and then Ill be gone for good. 

But where will you go if you dont come back to 
school? 

I thought I might go back to Godrics Hollow, Harry 
muttered. He had had the idea in his head ever since 
the night of Dumbledores death. For me, it started 
there, all of it. Ive just got a feeling I need to go there. 
And I can visit my parents graves, Id like that. 

And then what? said Ron. 

Then Ive got to track down the rest of the Horcruxes, 
havent I? said Harry, his eyes upon Dumbledores 
white tomb, reflected in the water on the other side of 
the lake. Thats what he wanted me to do, thats why 
he told me all about them. If Dumbledore was right  
and Im sure he was  there are still four of them out 
there. Ive got to find them and destroy them, and 
then Ive got to go after the seventh bit of Voldemorts 
soul, the bit thats still in his body, and Im the one 
whos going to kill him. And if I meet Severus Snape 
along the way, he added, so much the better for me, 
so much the worse for him. 

There was a long silence. The crowd had almost 
dispersed now, the stragglers giving the monumental 
figure of Grawp a wide berth as he cuddled Hagrid, 
whose howls of grief were still echoing across the 
water. 

Well be there, Harry, said Ron. 

What? 



  729 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   




At your aunt and uncles house, said Ron. And 
then well go with you wherever youre going. 

No   said Harry quickly; he had not counted on 
this, he had meant them to understand that he was 
undertaking this most dangerous journey alone. 

You said to us once before, said Hermione quietly, 
that there was time to turn back if we wanted to. 
Weve had time, havent we? 

Were with you whatever happens, said Ron. But 
mate, youre going to have to come round my mum 
and dads house before we do anything else, even 
Godrics Hollow. 

Why? 

Bill and Fleurs wedding, remember? 

Harry looked at him, startled; the idea that anything 
as normal as a wedding could still exist seemed 
incredible and yet wonderful. 

Yeah, we shouldnt miss that, he said finally. 

His hand closed automatically around the fake 
Horcrux, but in spite of everything, in spite of the 
dark and twisting path he saw stretching ahead for 
himself, in spite of the final meeting with Voldemort 
he knew must come, whether in a month, in a year, 
or in ten, he felt his heart lift at the thought that 
there was still one last golden day of peace left to 
enjoy with Ron and Hermione. 



  730 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince   

THE DARK LORD ASCENDING 

The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards 
apart in the narrow, moonlit lane. For a second they 
stood quite still, wands directed at each others 
chests; then, recognizing each other, they stowed 
their wands beneath their cloaks and started walking 
briskly in the same direction. 

News? asked the taller of the two. 

The best, replied Severus Snape. 

The lane was bordered on the left by wild, low 
growing brambles, on the right by a high, neatly 
manicured hedge. The mens long cloaks flapped 
around their ankles as they marched. 

Thought I might be late, said Yaxley, his blunt 
features sliding in and out of sight as the branches of 
overhanging trees broke the moonlight. It was a little 
trickier than I expected. But I hope he will be 
satisfied. You sound confident that your reception will 
be good? 

  2 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Snape nodded, but did not elaborate. They turned 
right, into a wide driveway that led off the lane. The 
high hedge curved with them, running off into the 
distance beyond the pair of impressive wroughtiron 
gates barring the mens way. Neither of them broke 
step: In silence both raised their left arms in a kind of 
salute and passed straight through, as though the 
dark metal were smoke. 

The yew hedges muffled the sound of the mens 
footsteps. There was a rustle somewhere to their 
right: Yaxley drew his wand again, pointing it over his 
companions head, but the source of the noise proved 
to be nothing more than a purewhite peacock, 
strutting majestically along the top of the hedge. 

He always did himself well, Lucius. Peacocks ... 
Yaxley thrust his wand back under his cloak with a 
snort. 

A handsome manor house grew out of the darkness at 
the end of the straight drive, lights glinting in the 
diamondpaned downstairs windows. Somewhere in 
the dark garden beyond the hedge a fountain was 
playing. Gravel crackled beneath their feet as Snape 
and Yaxley sped toward the front door, which swung 
inward at their approach, though nobody had visibly 
opened it. 

The hallway was large, dimly lit, and sumptuously 
decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of 
the stone floor. The eyes of the palefaced portraits on 
the walls followed Snape and Yaxley as they strode 
past. The two men halted at a heavy wooden door 
leading into the next room, hesitated for the space of 
a heartbeat, then Snape turned the bronze handle. 

The drawing room was full of silent people, sitting at a 
long and ornate table. The rooms usual furniture had 

  3 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




been pushed carelessly up against the walls. 
Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a 
handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a 
gilded mirror. Snape and Yaxley lingered for a 
moment on the threshold. As their eyes grew 
accustomed to the lack of light, they were drawn 
upward to the strangest feature of the scene: an 
apparently unconscious human figure hanging upside 
down over the table, revolving slowly as if suspended 
by an invisible rope, and reflected in the mirror and in 
the bare, polished surface of the table below. None of 
the people seated underneath this singular sight was 
looking at it except for a pale young man sitting 
almost directly below it. He seemed unable to prevent 
himself from glancing upward every minute or so. 

Yaxley. Snape, said a high, clear voice from the head 
of the table. You are very nearly late. 

The speaker was seated directly in front of the 
fireplace, so that it was difficult, at first, for the new 
arrivals to make out more than his silhouette. As they 
drew nearer, however, his face shone through the 
gloom, hairless, snakelike, with slits for nostrils and 
gleaming red eyes whose pupils were vertical. He was 
so pale that he seemed to emit a pearly glow. 

Severus, here, said Voldemort, indicating the seat 
on his immediate right. Yaxley  beside Dolohov. 

The two men took their allotted places. Most of the 
eyes around the table followed Snape, and it was to 
him that Voldemort spoke first. 

So? 

My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intends to move 
Harry Potter from his current place of safety on 
Saturday next, at nightfall. 

  4 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The interest around the table sharpened palpably: 
Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape 
and Voldemort. 

Saturday ... at nightfall, repeated Voldemort. His 
red eyes fastened upon Snape s black ones with such 
intensity that some of the watchers looked away, 
apparently fearful that they themselves would be 
scorched by the ferocity of the gaze. Snape, however, 
looked calmly back into Voldemorts face and, after a 
moment or two, Voldemorts lipless mouth curved into 
something like a smile. 

Good. Very good. And this information comes   

  from the source we discussed, said Snape. 

My Lord. 

Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table 
at Voldemort and Snape. All faces turned to him. 

My Lord, I have heard differently. 

Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so he 
went on, Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will 
not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the 
boy turns seventeen. 

Snape was smiling. 

My source told me that there are plans to lay a false 
trail; this must be it. No doubt a Confundus Charm 
has been placed upon Dawlish. It would not be the 
first time; he is known to be susceptible. 

I assure you, my Lord, Dawlish seemed quite 
certain, said Yaxley. 



  5 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




If he has been Confunded, naturally he is certain, 
said Snape. I assure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office 
will play no further part in the protection of Harry 
Potter. The Order believes that we have infiltrated the 
Ministry. 

The Orders got one thing right, then, eh? said a 
squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley; he 
gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there 
along the table. 

Voldemort did not laugh. His gaze had wandered 
upward to the body revolving slowly overhead, and he 
seemed to be lost in thought. 

My Lord, Yaxley went on, Dawlish believes an 
entire party of Aurors will be used to transfer the boy 



Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley 
subsided at once, watching resentfully as Voldemort 
turned back to Snape. 

Where are they going to hide the boy next? 

At the home of one of the Order, said Snape. The 
place, according to the source, has been given every 
protection that the Order and Ministry together could 
provide. I think that there is little chance of taking 
him once he is there, my Lord, unless, of course, the 
Ministry has fallen before next Saturday, which might 
give us the opportunity to discover and undo enough 
of the enchantments to break through the rest. 

Well, Yaxley? Voldemort called down the table, the 
firelight glinting strangely in his red eyes. Will the 
Ministry have fallen by next Saturday? 



  6 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Once again, all heads turned. Yaxley squared his 
shoulders. 

My Lord, I have good news on that score. I have  
with difficulty, and after great effort  suceeded in 
placing an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse. 

Many of those sitting around Yaxley looked 
impressed; his neighbor, Dolohov, a man with a long, 
twisted face, clapped him on the back. 

It is a start, said Voldemort. But Thicknesse is only 
one man. Scrimgeour must be surrounded by our 
people before I act. One failed attempt on the 
Ministers life will set me back a long way. 

Yes  my Lord, that is true  but you know, as 
Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, 
Thicknesse has regular contact not only with the 
Minister himself, but also with the Heads of all the 
other Ministry departments. It will, I think, be easy 
now that we have such a highranking official under 
our control, to subjugate the others, and then they 
can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down. 

As long as our friend Thicknesse is not discovered 
before he has converted the rest, said Voldemort. At 
any rate, it remains unlikely that the Ministry will be 
mine before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the 
boy at his destination, then it must be done while he 
travels. 

We are at an advantage there, my Lord, said Yaxley, 
who seemed determined to receive some portion of 
approval. We now have several people planted within 
the Department of Magical Transport. If Potter 
Apparates or uses the Floo Network, we shall know 
immediately. 



  7 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He will not do either, said Snape. The Order is 
eschewing any form of transport that is controlled or 
regulated by the Ministry; they mistrust everything to 
do with the place. 

All the better, said Voldemort. He will have to move 
in the open. Easier to take, by far. 

Again, Voldemort looked up at the slowly revolving 
body as he went on, I shall attend to the boy in 
person. There have been too many mistakes where 
Harry Potter is concerned. Some of them have been 
my own. That Potter lives is due more to my errors 
than to his triumphs. 

The company around the table watched Voldemort 
apprehensively, each of them, by his or her 
expression, afraid that they might be blamed for 
Harry Potters continued existence. Voldemort, 
however, seemed to be speaking more to himself than 
to any of them, still addressing the unconscious body 
above him. 

I have been careless, and so have been thwarted by 
luck and chance, those wreckers of all but the best 
laid plans. But I know better now. I understand those 
things that I did not understand before. I must be the 
one to kill Harry Potter, and I shall be. 

At these words, seemingly in response to them, a 
sudden wail sounded, a terrible, drawnout cry of 
misery and pain. Many of those at the table looked 
downward, startled, for the sound had seemed to 
issue from below their feet. 

Wormtail, said Voldemort, with no change in his 
quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing his eyes 
from the revolving body above, have I not spoken to 
you about keeping our prisoner quiet? 

  8 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yes, mmy Lord, gasped a small man halfway down 
the table, who had been sitting so low in his chair 
that it had appeared, at first glance, to be 
unoccupied. Now he scrambled from his seat and 
scurried from the room, leaving nothing behind him 
but a curious gleam of silver. 

As I was saying, continued Voldemort, looking again 
at the tense faces of his followers, I understand 
better now. I shall need, for instance, to borrow a 
wand from one of you before I go to kill Potter. 

The faces around him displayed nothing but shock; 
he might have announced that he wanted to borrow 
one of their arms. 

No volunteers? said Voldemort. Lets see ... Lucius, 
I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore. 

Lucius Malfoy looked up. His skin appeared yellowish 
and waxy in the firelight, and his eyes were sunken 
and shadowed. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse. 

My Lord? 

Your wand, Lucius. I require your wand. 



Malfoy glanced sideways at his wife. She was staring 
straight ahead, quite as pale as he was, her long 
blonde hair hanging down her back, but beneath the 
table her slim fingers closed briefly on his wrist. At 
her touch, Malfoy put his hand into his robes, 
withdrew a wand, and passed it along to Voldemort, 
who held it up in front of his red eyes, examining it 
closely. 

What is it? 

  9 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Elm, my Lord, whispered Malfoy. 



And the core? 

Dragon  dragon heartstring. 

Good, said Voldemort. He drew out his own wand 
and compared the lengths. Lucius Malfoy made an 
involuntary movement; for a fraction of a second, it 
seemed he expected to receive Voldemorts wand in 
exchange for his own. The gesture was not missed by 
Voldemort, whose eyes widened maliciously. 

Give you my wand, Lucius? My wand? 

Some of the throng sniggered. 

I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not 
enough for you? But I have noticed that you and your 
family seem less than happy of late. ... What is it 
about my presence in your home that displeases you, 
Lucius? 

Nothing  nothing, my Lord! 

Such lies, Lucius ... 

The soft voice seemed to hiss on even after the cruel 
mouth had stopped moving. One or two of the wizards 
barely repressed a shudder as the hissing grew 
louder; something heavy could be heard sliding 
across the floor beneath the table. 

The huge snake emerged to climb slowly up 
Voldemorts chair. It rose, seemingly endlessly, and 
came to rest across Voldemorts shoulders: its neck 
the thickness of a mans thigh; its eyes, with their 
vertical slits for pupils, unblinking. Voldemort stroked 

  10 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the creature absently with long thin fingers, still 
looking at Lucius Malfoy. 

Why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with their lot? 

Is my return, my rise to power, not the very thing they 
professed to desire for so many years? 

Of course, my Lord, said Lucius Malfoy. His hand 
shook as he wiped sweat from his upper lip. We did 
desire it  we do. 

To Malfoys left, his wife made an odd, stiff nod, her 
eyes averted from Voldemort and the snake. To his 
right, his son, Draco, who had been gazing up at the 
inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort 
and away again, terrified to make eye contact. 

My Lord, said a dark woman halfway down the 
table, her voice constricted with emotion, it is an 
honor to have you here, in our familys house. There 
can be no higher pleasure. 

She sat beside her sister, as unlike her in looks, with 
her dark hair and heavily lidded eyes, as she was in 
bearing and demeanor; where Narcissa sat rigid and 
impassive, Bellatrix leaned toward Voldemort, for 
mere words could not demonstrate her longing for 
closeness. 

No higher pleasure, repeated Voldemort, his head 
tilted a little to one side as he considered Bellatrix. 
That means a great deal, Bellatrix, from you. 

Her face flooded with color; her eyes welled with tears 
of delight. 

My Lord knows I speak nothing but the truth! 



  11 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No higher pleasure ... even compared with the happy 
event that, I hear, has taken place in your family this 
week? 



She stared at him, her lips parted, evidently confused. 

I dont know what you mean, my Lord. 

Im talking about your niece, Bellatrix. And yours, 
Lucius and Narcissa. She has just married the 
werewolf, Remus Lupin. You must be so proud. 

There was an eruption of jeering laughter from 
around the table. Many leaned forward to exchange 
gleeful looks; a few thumped the table with their fists. 
The great snake, disliking the disturbance, opened its 
mouth wide and hissed angrily, but the Death Eaters 
did not hear it, so jubilant were they at Bellatrix and 
the Malfoys humiliation. Bellatrixs face, so recently 
flushed with happiness, had turned an ugly, blotchy 
red. 

She is no niece of ours, my Lord, she cried over the 
outpouring of mirth. We  Narcissa and I  have 
never set eyes on our sister since she married the 
Mudblood. This brat has nothing to do with either of 
us, nor any beast she marries. 

What say you, Draco? asked Voldemort, and though 
his voice was quiet, it carried clearly through the 
catcalls and jeers. Will you babysit the cubs? 

The hilarity mounted; Draco Malfoy looked in terror at 
his father, who was staring down into his own lap, 
then caught his mothers eye. She shook her head 
almost imperceptibly, then resumed her own deadpan 
stare at the opposite wall. 



  12 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Enough, said Voldemort, stroking the angry snake. 
Enough. 

And the laughter died at once. 

Many of our oldest family trees become a little 
diseased over time, he said as Bellatrix gazed at him, 
breathless and imploring. You must prune yours, 
must you not, to keep it healthy? Cut away those 
parts that threaten the health of the rest. 

Yes, my Lord, whispered Bellatrix, and her eyes 
swam with tears of gratitude again. At the first 
chance! 

You shall have it, said Voldemort. And in your 
family, so in the world . . . we shall cut away the 
canker that infects us until only those of the true 
blood remain. ... 

Voldemort raised Lucius Malfoys wand, pointed it 
directly at the slowly revolving figure suspended over 
the table, and gave it a tiny flick. The figure came to 
life with a groan and began to struggle against 
invisible bonds. 

Do you recognize our guest, Severus? asked 
Voldemort. 

Snape raised his eyes to the upsidedown face. All of 
the Death Eaters were looking up at the captive now, 
as though they had been given permission to show 
curiosity. As she revolved to face the firelight, the 
woman said in a cracked and terrified voice, Severus! 
Help me! 

Ah, yes, said Snape as the prisoner turned slowly 
away again. 



  13 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And you, Draco? asked Voldemort, stroking the 
snakes snout with his wandfree hand. Draco shook 
his head jerkily. Now that the woman had woken, he 
seemed unable to look at her anymore. 

But you would not have taken her classes, said 
Voldemort. For those of you who do not know, we are 
joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until 
recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. 

There were small noises of comprehension around the 
table. A broad, hunched woman with pointed teeth 
cackled. 

Yes . . . Professor Burbage taught the children of 
witches and wizards all about Muggles . . . how they 
are not so different from us ... 

One of the Death Eaters spat on the floor. Charity 
Burbage revolved to face Snape again. 

Severus ... please ... please ... 

Silence, said Voldemort, with another twitch of 
Malfoys wand, and Charity fell silent as if gagged. 

Not content with corrupting and polluting the minds 
of Wizarding children, last week Professor Burbage 
wrote an impassioned defense of Mudbloods in the 
Daily Prophet Wizards, she says, must accept these 
thieves of their knowledge and magic. The dwindling 
of the purebloods is, says Professor Burbage, a most 
desirable circumstance. ... She would have us all 
mate with Muggles ... or, no doubt, werewolves. ... 

Nobody laughed this time: There was no mistaking 
the anger and contempt in Voldemorts voice. For the 
third time, Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape. 
Tears were pouring from her eyes into her hair. Snape 

  14 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




looked back at her, quite impassive, as she turned 
slowly away from him again. 

Avada Kedavra. 

The flash of green light illuminated every corner of the 
room. Charity fell, with a resounding crash, onto the 
table below, which trembled and creaked. Several of 
the Death Eaters leapt back in their chairs. Draco fell 
out of his onto the floor. 

Dinner, Nagini, said Voldemort softly, and the great 
snake swayed and slithered from his shoulders onto 
the polished wood. 



  15 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






IN MEMORIAM 

Harry was bleeding. Clutching his right hand in his 
left and swearing under his breath, he shouldered 
open his bedroom door. There was a crunch of 
breaking china: He had trodden on a cup of cold tea 
that had been sitting on the floor outside his bedroom 
door. 

What the  ? 

He looked around; the landing of number four, Privet 
Drive, was deserted. Possibly the cup of tea was 
Dudleys idea of a clever booby trap. Keeping his 
bleeding hand elevated, Harry scraped the fragments 
of cup together with the other hand and threw them 
into the already crammed bin just visible inside his 
bedroom door. Then he tramped across to the 
bathroom to run his finger under the tap. 

It was stupid, pointless, irritating beyond belief that 
he still had four days left of being unable to perform 
magic . . . but he had to admit to himself that this 
jagged cut in his finger would have defeated him. He 

  16 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  



had never learned how to repair wounds, and now he 
came to think of it  particularly in light of his 
immediate plans  this seemed a serious flaw in his 
magical education. Making a mental note to ask 
Hermione how it was done, he used a large wad of 
toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as he could, 
before returning to his bedroom and slamming the 
door behind him. 

Harry had spent the morning completely emptying his 
school trunk for the first time since he had packed it 
six years ago. At the start of the intervening school 
years, he had merely skimmed off the topmost three 
quarters of the contents and replaced or updated 
them, leaving a layer of general debris at the bottom 
 old quills, desiccated beetle eyes, single socks that 
no longer fit. Minutes previously, Harry had plunged 
his hand into this mulch, experienced a stabbing pain 
in the fourth finger of his right hand, and withdrawn 
it to see a lot of blood. 

He now proceeded a little more cautiously. Kneeling 
down beside the trunk again, he groped around in the 
bottom and, after retrieving an old badge that 
flickered feebly between Support CEDRIC DIGGORY 
and POTTER STINKS , a cracked and wornout 
Sneakoscope, and a gold locket inside which a note 
signed R.A.B. had been hidden, he finally discovered 
the sharp edge that had done the damage. He 
recognized it at once. It was a twoinchlong fragment 
of the enchanted mirror that his dead godfather, 
Sirius, had given him. Harry laid it aside and felt 
cautiously around the trunk for the rest, but nothing 
more remained of his godfathers last gift except 
powdered glass, which clung to the deepest layer of 
debris like glittering grit. 

Harry sat up and examined the jagged piece on which 
he had cut himself, seeing nothing but his own bright 

  17 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




green eye reflected back at him. Then he placed the 
fragment on top of that mornings Daily Prophet, 
which lay unread on the bed, and attempted to stem 
the sudden upsurge of bitter memories, the stabs of 
regret and of longing the discovery of the broken 
mirror had occasioned, by attacking the rest of the 
rubbish in the trunk. 

It took another hour to empty it completely, throw 
away the useless items, and sort the remainder in 
piles according to whether or not he would need them 
from now on. His school and Quidditch robes, 
cauldron, parchment, quills, and most of his 
textbooks were piled in a corner, to be left behind. He 
wondered what his aunt and uncle would do with 
them; burn them in the dead of night, probably, as if 
they were the evidence of some dreadful crime. His 
Muggle clothing, Invisibility Cloak, potionmaking kit, 
certain books, the photograph album Hagrid had once 
given him, a stack of letters, and his wand had been 
repacked into an old rucksack. In a front pocket were 
the Marauders Map and the locket with the note 
signed R.A.B. inside it. The locket was accorded this 
place of honor not because it was valuable  in all 
usual senses it was worthless  but because of what 
it had cost to attain it. 

This left a sizable stack of newspapers sitting on his 
desk beside his snowy owl, Hedwig: one for each of 
the days Harry had spent at Privet Drive this 
summer. 

He got up off the floor, stretched, and moved across to 
his desk. Hedwig made no movement as he began to 
flick through the newspapers, throwing them onto the 
rubbish pile one by one. The owl was asleep, or else 
faking; she was angry with Harry about the limited 
amount of time she was allowed out of her cage at the 
moment. 

  18 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




As he neared the bottom of the pile of newspapers, 
Harry slowed down, searching for one particular issue 
that he knew had arrived shortly after he had 
returned to Privet Drive for the summer; he 
remembered that there had been a small mention on 
the front about the resignation of Charity Burbage, 
the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts. At last he 
found it. Turning to  ten, he sank into his desk 
chair and reread the article he had been looking for. 

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED 

by Elphias Doge 

I met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our 
first day at Hogwarts. Our mutual attraction was 
undoubtedly due to the fact that we both felt 
ourselves to be outsiders. I had contracted dragon 
pox shortly before arriving at school, and while I was 
no longer contagious, my pockmarked visage and 
greenish hue did not encourage many to approach 
me. For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts 
under the burden of unwanted notoriety. Scarcely a 
year previously, his father, Percival, had been 
convicted of a savage and wellpublicized attack upon 
three young Muggles. 

Albus never attempted to deny that his father (who 
was to die in Azkaban) had committed this crime; on 
the contrary, when I plucked up courage to ask him, he 
assured me that he knew his father to be guilty. 
Beyond that, Dumbledore refused to speak of the sad 
business, though many attempted to make him do so. 
Some, indeed, were disposed to praise his fathers 
action and assumed that Albus too was a Muggle 
hater. They could not have been more mistaken: As 
anybody who knew Albus would attest, he never 
revealed the remotest antiMuggle tendency. Indeed, 



  19 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




his determined support for Muggle rights gained him 
many enemies in subsequent years. 

In a matter of months, however, Albuss own fame 
had begun to eclipse that of his father. By the end of 
his first year he would never again be known as the 
son of a Mugglehater, but as nothing more or less 
than the most brilliant student ever seen at the 
school. Those of us who were privileged to be his 
friends benefited from his example, not to mention his 
help and encouragement, with which he was always 
generous. He confessed to me in later life that he 
knew even then that his greatest pleasure lay in 
teaching. 

He not only won every prize of note that the school 
offered, he was soon in regular correspondence with 
the most notable magical names of the day, including 
Nicolas Flamel, the celebrated alchemist ; Bathilda 
Bagshot, the noted historian; and Adalbert Waffling, 
the magical theoretician. Several of his papers found 
their way into learned publications such as 
Transfiguration Today, Challenges in Charming, and 
The Practical Potioneer. Dumbledores future career 
seemed likely to be meteoric, and the only question 
that remained was when he would become Minister of 
Magic. Though it was often predicted in later years that 
he was on the point of taking the job, however, he 
never had Ministerial ambitions. 

Three years after we had started at Hogwarts, Albuss 
brother, Aberforth, arrived at school. They were not 
alike; Aberforth was never bookish and, unlike Albus, 
preferred to settle arguments by dueling rather than 
through reasoned discussion. However, it is quite 
wrong to suggest, as some have, that the brothers 
were not friends. They rubbed along as comfortably as 
two such different boys could do. In fairness to 
Aberforth, it must be admitted that living in Albuss 
  20 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




shadow cannot have been an altogether comfortable 
experience. Being continually outshone was an 
occupational hazard of being his friend and cannot 
have been any more pleasurable as a brother. 

When Albus and I left Hogwarts we intended to take 
the then traditional tour of the world together, visiting 
and observing foreign wizards, before pursuing our 
separate careers. However, tragedy intervened. On the 
very eve of our trip, Albuss mother, Kendra, died, 
leaving Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, of the 
family. I postponed my departure long enough to pay 
my respects at Kendras funeral, then left for what 
was now to be a solitary journey. With a younger 
brother and sister to care for, and little gold left to 
them, there could no longer be any question of Albus 
accompanying me. 

That was the period of our lives when we had least 
contact. I wrote to Albus, describing, perhaps 
insensitively, the wonders of my journey, from narrow 
escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments 
of the Egyptian alchemists. His letters told me little of 
his daytoday life, which I guessed to be frustratingly 
dull for such a brilliant wizard. Immersed in my own 
experiences, it was with horror that I heard, toward 
the end of my years travels, that yet another tragedy 
had struck the Dumbledores: the death of his sister, 
Ariana. 

Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long 
time, the blow, coming so soon after the loss of their 
mother, had a profound effect on both of her 
brothers. All those closest to Albus  and I count 
myself one of that lucky number  agree that 
Ariana s death, and Albuss feeling of personal 
responsibility for it (though, of course, he was 
guiltless), left their mark upon him forevermore. 



  21 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I returned home to find a young man who had 
experienced a much older persons suffering. Albus 
was more reserved than before, and much less light 
hearted. To add to his misery, the loss of Ariana had 
led, not to a renewed closeness between Albus and 
Aberforth, but to an estrangement. (In time this would 
lift  in later years they reestablished, if not a close 
relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) However, 
he rarely spoke of his parents or of Ariana from then 
on, and his friends learned not to mention them. 

Other quills will describe the triumphs of the following 
years. Dumbledores innumerable contributions to the 
store of Wizarding knowledge, including his discovery 
of the twelve uses of dragons blood, will benefit 
generations to come, as will the wisdom he displayed 
in the many judgments he made while Chief Warlock of 
the Wizengamot. They say, still, that no Wizarding duel 
ever matched that between Dumbledore and 
Grindelwald in 1 945. Those who witnessed it have 
written of the terror and the awe they felt as they 
watched these two extraordinary wizards do battle. 
Dumbledores triumph, and its consequences for the 
Wizarding world, are considered a turning point in 
magical history to match the introduction of the 
International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He 
WhoMustNotBeNamed. 

Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain; he could 
find something to value in anyone, however 
apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe 
that his early losses endowed him with great 
humanity and sympathy. I shall miss his friendship 
more than I can say, but my loss is as nothing 
compared to the Wizarding worlds. That he was the 
most inspiring and the best loved of all Hogwarts 
headmasters cannot be in question. He died as he 
lived: working always for the greater good and, to his 
last hour, as willing to stretch out a hand to a small 
  22 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




boy with dragon pox as he was on the day that I met 
him. 

Harry finished reading but continued to gaze at the 
picture accompanying the obituary. Dumbledore was 
wearing his familiar, kindly smile, but as he peered 
over the top of his halfmoon spectacles, he gave the 
impression, even in newsprint, of Xraying Harry, 
whose sadness mingled with a sense of humiliation. 

He had thought he knew Dumbledore quite well, but 
ever since reading this obituary he had been forced to 
recognize that he had barely known him at all. Never 
once had he imagined Dumbledore s childhood or 
youth; it was as though he had sprung into being as 
Harry had known him, venerable and silverhaired 
and old. The idea of a teenage Dumbledore was 
simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione 
or a friendly BlastEnded Skrewt. 

He had never thought to ask Dumbledore about his 
past. No doubt it would have felt strange, impertinent 
even, but after all, it had been common knowledge 
that Dumbledore had taken part in that legendary 
duel with Grindelwald, and Harry had not thought to 
ask Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about 
any of his other famous achievements. No, they had 
always discussed Harry, Harrys past, Harrys future, 
Harrys plans ... and it seemed to Harry now, despite 
the fact that his future was so dangerous and so 
uncertain, that he had missed irreplaceable 
opportunities when he had failed to ask Dumbledore 
more about himself, even though the only personal 
question he had ever asked his headmaster was also 
the only one he suspected that Dumbledore had not 
answered honestly: 

 What do you see when you look in the mirror? 



  23 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




/? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks. 

After several minutes thought, Harry tore the 
obituary out of the Prophet, folded it carefully, and 
tucked it inside the first volume of Practical Defensive 
Magic and Its Use Against the Dark Arts. Then he 
threw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish pile 
and turned to face the room. It was much tidier. The 
only things left out of place were todays Daily 
Prophet, still lying on the bed, and on top of it, the 
piece of broken mirror. 

Harry moved across the room, slid the mirror 
fragment off todays Prophet, and unfolded the 
newspaper. He had merely glanced at the headline 
when he had taken the rolledup paper from the 
delivery owl early that morning and thrown it aside, 
after noting that it said nothing about Voldemort. 
Harry was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the 
Prophet to suppress news about Voldemort. It was 
only now, therefore, that he saw what he had missed. 

Across the bottom half of the front  a smaller 
headline was set over a picture of Dumbledore 
striding along looking harried: 

DUMBLEDORE  THE TRUTH AT LAST? 

Coming next week, the shocking story of the flawed 
genius considered by many to be the greatest wizard 
of his generation. Stripping away the popular image of 
serene, silverbearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals 
the disturbed childhood, the lawless youth, the 
lifelong feuds, and the guilty secrets that Dumbledore 
carried to his grave. WHY was the man tipped to be 
Minister of Magic content to remain a mere 
headmaster? WHAT was the real purpose of the secret 
organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? 

HOW did Dumbledore really meet his end? 

  24 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The answers to these and many more questions are 
explored in the explosive new biography, The Life and 
Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter, exclusively 
interviewed by Betty Braithwaite,  13, inside. 

Harry ripped open the paper and found  thirteen. 
The article was topped with a picture showing 
another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled 
glasses with elaborately curled blonde hair, her teeth 
bared in what was clearly supposed to be a winning 
smile, wiggling her fingers up at him. Doing his best 
to ignore this nauseating image, Harry read on. 

In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer 
than her famously ferocious quillportraits might 
suggest. Greeting me in the hallway of her cozy home, 
she leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, 
a slice of pound cake and, it goes without saying, a 
steaming vat of freshest gossip. 

Well, of course, Dumbledore is a biographers dream, 
says Skeeter. Such a long, full life. Im sure my book 
will be the first of very, very many. 

Skeeter was certainly quick off the mark. Her nine 
hundred book was completed a mere four weeks 
after Dumbledore s mysterious death in June. I ask 
her how she managed this superfast feat. 

Oh, when youve been a journalist as long as I have, 
working to a deadline is second nature. I knew that 
the Wizarding world was clamoring for the full story 
and I wanted to be the first to meet that need. 

I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks of 
Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and 
longstanding friend of Albus Dumbledores, that 
Skeeters book contains less fact than a Chocolate 
Frog card.  

  25 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Skeeter throws back her head and laughs. 



Darling Dodgy! I remember interviewing him a few 
years back about merpeople rights, bless him. 
Completely gaga, seemed to think we were sitting at 
the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to 
watch out for trout. 

And yet Elphias Doges accusations of inaccuracy 
have been echoed in many places. Does Skeeter really 
feel that four short weeks have been enough to gain a 
full picture of Dumbledores long and extraordinary 
life? 

Oh, my dear, beams Skeeter, rapping me 
affectionately across the knuckles, you know as well 
as I do how much information can be generated by a 
fat bag of Galleons, a refusal to hear the word no, 
and a nice sharp QuickQuotes Quill! People were 
queuing to dish the dirt on Dumbledore anyway. Not 
everyone thought he was so wonderful, you know  
he trod on an awful lot of important toes. But old 
Dodgy Doge can get off his high hippogriff, because 
Ive had access to a source most journalists would 
swap their wands for, one who has never spoken in 
public before and who was close to Dumbledore 
during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of 
his youth. 

The advance publicity for Skeeter s biography has 
certainly suggested that there will be shocks in store 
for those who believe Dumbledore to have led a 
blameless life. What were the biggest surprises she 
uncovered, I ask? 

Now, come off it, Betty, Im not giving away all the 
highlights before anybodys bought the book! laughs 
Skeeter. But I can promise that anybody who still 
thinks Dumbledore was white as his beard is in for a 

  26 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




rude awakening! Lets just say that nobody hearing 
him rage against YouKnowWho would have dreamed 
that he dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth! 
And for a wizard who spent his later years pleading 
for tolerance, he wasnt exactly broadminded when 
he was younger! Yes, Albus Dumbledore had an 
extremely murky past, not to mention that very fishy 
family, which he worked so hard to keep hushed up. 

I ask whether Skeeter is referring to Dumbledore s 
brother, Aberforth, whose conviction by the 
Wizengamot for misuse of magic caused a minor 
scandal fifteen years ago. 

Oh, Aberforth is just the tip of the dung heap,  laughs 
Skeeter. No, no, Im talking about much worse than a 
brother with a fondness for fiddling about with goats, 
worse even than the Mugglemaiming father  
Dumbledore couldnt keep either of them quiet anyway, 
they were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, its the 
mother and the sister that intrigued me, and a little 
digging uncovered a positive nest of nastiness  but, 
as I say, youll have to wait for chapters nine to twelve 
for full details. All I can say now is, its no wonder 
Dumbledore never talked about how his nose got 
broken.  

Family skeletons notwithstanding, does Skeeter deny 
the brilliance that led to Dumbledore s many magical 
discoveries? 

He had brains, she concedes, although many now 
question whether he could really take full credit for all 
of his supposed achievements. As I reveal in chapter 
sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims he had already 
discovered eight uses of dragons blood when 
Dumbledore borrowed his papers. 



  27 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But the importance of some of Dumbledores 
achievements cannot, I venture, be denied. What of 
his famous defeat of Grindelwald? 

Oh, now, Im glad you mentioned Grindelwald, says 
Skeeter with a tantalizing smile. Im afraid those who 
go dewyeyed over Dumbledores spectacular victory 
must brace themselves for a bombshell  or perhaps 
a Dungbomb. Very dirty business indeed. All Ill say 
is, dont be so sure that there really was the 
spectacular duel of legend. After theyve read my 
book, people may be forced to conclude that 
Grindelwald simply conjured a white handkerchief 
from the end of his wand and came quietly! 

Skeeter refuses to give any more away on this 
intriguing subject, so we turn instead to the 
relationship that will undoubtedly fascinate her 
readers more than any other. 

Oh yes, says Skeeter, nodding briskly, I devote an 
entire chapter to the whole PotterDumbledore 
relationship. Its been called unhealthy, even sinister. 
Again, your readers will have to buy my book for the 
whole story, but there is no question that 
Dumbledore took an unnatural interest in Potter from 
the word go. Whether that was really in the boys best 
interests  well, well see. Its certainly an open secret 
that Potter has had a most troubled adolescence. 

I ask whether Skeeter is still in touch with Harry 
Potter, whom she so famously interviewed last year: a 
breakthrough piece in which Potter spoke exclusively 
of his conviction that YouKnowWho had returned. 

Oh, yes, weve developed a close bond, says Skeeter. 
Poor Potter has few real friends, and we met at one of 
the most testing moments of his life  the Triwizard 
Tournament. I am probably one of the only people 

  28 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




alive who can say that they know the real Harry 
Potter. 

Which leads us neatly to the many rumors still 
circulating about Dumbledores final hours. Does 
Skeeter believe that Potter was there when 
Dumbledore died? 

Well, I dont want to say too much  its all in the 
book  but eyewitnesses inside Hogwarts castle saw 
Potter running away from the scene moments after 
Dumbledore fell, jumped, or was pushed. Potter later 
gave evidence against Severus Snape, a man against 
whom he has a notorious grudge. Is everything as it 
seems? That is for the Wizarding community to decide 
 once theyve read my book. 

On that intriguing note, I take my leave. There can be 
no doubt that Skeeter has quilled an instant 
bestseller. Dumbledores legions of admirers, 
meanwhile, may well be trembling at what is soon to 
emerge about their hero. 

Harry reached the bottom of the article, but 
continued to stare blankly at the . Revulsion and 
fury rose in him like vomit; he balled up the 
newspaper and threw it, with all his force, at the wall, 
where it joined the rest of the rubbish heaped around 
his overflowing bin. 

He began to stride blindly around the room, opening 
empty drawers and picking up books only to replace 
them on the same piles, barely conscious of what he 
was doing, as random phrases from Ritas article 
echoed in his head: An entire chapter to the whole 
PotterDumbledore relationship . . . Its been called 
unhealthy, even sinister. . . . He dabbled in the Dark 
Arts himself in his youth . . . Ive had access to a source 
most journalists would swap their wands for ... 

  29 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Lies! Harry bellowed, and through the window he 
saw the nextdoor neighbor, who had paused to 
restart his lawn mower, look up nervously. 

Harry sat down hard on the bed. The broken bit of 
mirror danced away from him; he picked it up and 
turned it over in his fingers, thinking, thinking of 
Dumbledore and the lies with which Rita Skeeter was 
defaming him. ... 

A flash of brightest blue. Harry froze, his cut finger 
slipping on the jagged edge of the mirror again. He 
had imagined it, he must have done. He glanced over 
his shoulder, but the wall was a sickly peach color of 
Aunt Petunias choosing: There was nothing blue 
there for the mirror to reflect. He peered into the 
mirror fragment again, and saw nothing but his own 
bright green eye looking back at him. 

He had imagined it, there was no other explanation; 
imagined it, because he had been thinking of his dead 
headmaster. If anything was certain, it was that the 
bright blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore would never 
pierce him again. 



  30 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




3 




THE DURSLEYS DEPARTING 

The sound of the front door slamming echoed up the 
stairs and a voice yelled, Oi! You! 

Sixteen years of being addressed thus left Harry in no 
doubt whom his uncle was calling; nevertheless, he 
did not immediately respond. He was still gazing at 
the mirror fragment in which, for a split second, he 
had thought he saw Dumbledores eye. It was not 
until his uncle bellowed, BOY! that Harry got slowly 
to his feet and headed for the bedroom door, pausing 
to add the piece of broken mirror to the rucksack 
filled with things he would be taking with him. 

You took your time! roared Vernon Dursley when 
Harry appeared at the top of the stairs. Get down 
here, I want a word! 

Harry strolled downstairs, his hands deep in his jeans 
pockets. When he reached the living room he found 
all three Dursleys. They were dressed for traveling: 
Uncle Vernon in a fawn zipup jacket, Aunt Petunia in 



  31 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



a neat salmoncolored coat, and Dudley, Harrys 
large, blond, muscular cousin, in his leather jacket. 



Yes? asked Harry. 

Sit down! said Uncle Vernon. Harry raised his 
eyebrows. Please! added Uncle Vernon, wincing 
slightly as though the word was sharp in his throat. 

Harry sat. He thought he knew what was coming. His 
uncle began to pace up and down, Aunt Petunia and 
Dudley following his movements with anxious 
expressions. Finally, his large purple face crumpled 
with concentration, Uncle Vernon stopped in front of 
Harry and spoke. 

Ive changed my mind, he said. 

What a surprise, said Harry. 

Dont you take that tone   began Aunt Petunia in a 
shrill voice, but Vernon Dursley waved her down. 

Its all a lot of claptrap, said Uncle Vernon, glaring 
at Harry with piggy little eyes. Ive decided I dont 
believe a word of it. Were staying put, were not going 
anywhere. 

Harry looked up at his uncle and felt a mixture of 
exasperation and amusement. Vernon Dursley had 
been changing his mind every twentyfour hours for 
the past four weeks, packing and unpacking and 
repacking the car with every change of heart. Harrys 
favorite moment had been the one when Uncle 
Vernon, unaware that Dudley had added his 
dumbbells to his case since the last time it had been 
unpacked, had attempted to hoist it back into the 
boot and collapsed with roars of pain and much 
swearing. 

  32 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




According to you, Vernon Dursley said now, 
resuming his pacing up and down the living room, 
we  Petunia, Dudley, and I  are in danger. From 



 from   



Some of my lot, right, said Harry. 

Well, I dont believe it, repeated Uncle Vernon, 
coming to a halt in front of Harry again. I was awake 
half the night thinking it all over, and I believe its a 
plot to get the house. 

The house? repeated Harry. What house? 

 This house! shrieked Uncle Vernon, the vein in his 
forehead starting to pulse. Our house! House prices 
are skyrocketing around here! You want us out of the 
way and then youre going to do a bit of hocuspocus 
and before we know it the deeds will be in your name 
and   

Are you out of your mind? demanded Harry. A plot 
to get this house? Are you actually as stupid as you 
look? 

Dont you dare  ! squealed Aunt Petunia, but 
again, Vernon waved her down: Slights on his 
personal appearance were, it seemed, as nothing to 
the danger he had spotted. 

Just in case youve forgotten, said Harry, Ive 
already got a house, my godfather left me one. So why 
would I want this one? All the happy memories? 

There was silence. Harry thought he had rather 
impressed his uncle with this argument. 

You claim, said Uncle Vernon, starting to pace yet 
again, that this Lord Thing   

  33 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




  Voldemort, said Harry impatiently, and weve 
been through this about a hundred times already. 

This isnt a claim, its fact, Dumbledore told you last 
year, and Kingsley and Mr. Weasley   

Vernon Dursley hunched his shoulders angrily, and 
Harry guessed that his uncle was attempting to ward 
off recollections of the unannounced visit, a few days 
into Harrys summer holidays, of two fully grown 
wizards. The arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley 
Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasley had come as a most 
unpleasant shock to the Dursleys. Harry had to 
admit, however, that as Mr. Weasley had once 
demolished half of the living room, his reappearance 
could not have been expected to delight Uncle 
Vernon. 

  Kingsley and Mr. Weasley explained it all as well, 
Harry pressed on remorselessly. Once Im seventeen, 
the protective charm that keeps me safe will break, 
and that exposes you as well as me. The Order is sure 
Voldemort will target you, whether to torture you to 
try and find out where I am, or because he thinks by 
holding you hostage Id come and try to rescue you. 

Uncle Vernons and Harrys eyes met. Harry was sure 
that in that instant they were both wondering the 
same thing. Then Uncle Vernon walked on and Harry 
resumed, Youve got to go into hiding and the Order 
wants to help. Youre being offered serious protection, 
the best there is. 

Uncle Vernon said nothing, but continued to pace up 
and down. Outside the sun hung low over the privet 
hedges. The nextdoor neighbors lawn mower stalled 
again. 

I thought there was a Ministry of Magic? asked 
Vernon Dursley abruptly. 

  34 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There is, said Harry, surprised. 



Well, then, why cant they protect us? It seems to me 
that, as innocent victims, guilty of nothing more than 
harboring a marked man, we ought to qualify for 
government protection! 

Harry laughed; he could not help himself. It was so 
very typical of his uncle to put his hopes in the 
establishment, even within this world that he 
despised and mistrusted. 

You heard what Mr. Weasley and Kingsley said, 
Harry replied. We think the Ministry has been 
infiltrated. 

Uncle Vernon strode to the fireplace and back, 
breathing so heavily that his great black mustache 
rippled, his face still purple with concentration. 

All right, he said, stopping in front of Harry yet 
again. All right, lets say, for the sake of argument, 
we accept this protection. I still dont see why we cant 
have that Kingsley bloke. 

Harry managed not to roll his eyes, but with difficulty. 
This question had also been addressed half a dozen 
times. 

As Ive told you, he said through gritted teeth, 
Kingsley is protecting the Mug  I mean, your Prime 
Minister. 

Exactly  hes the best! said Uncle Vernon, pointing 
at the blank television screen. The Dursleys had 
spotted Kingsley on the news, walking along 
discreetly behind the Muggle Prime Minister as he 
visited a hospital. This, and the fact that Kingsley had 
mastered the knack of dressing like a Muggle, not to 
  35 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




mention a certain reassuring something in his slow, 
deep voice, had caused the Dursleys to take to 
Kingsley in a way that they had certainly not done 
with any other wizard, although it was true that they 
had never seen him with his earring in. 

Well, hes taken, said Harry. But Hestia Jones and 
Dedalus Diggle are more than up to the job   

If wed even seen CVs ... began Uncle Vernon, but 
Harry lost patience. Getting to his feet, he advanced 
on his uncle, now pointing at the TV set himself. 

These accidents arent accidents  the crashes and 
explosions and derailments and whatever else has 
happened since we last watched the news. People are 
disappearing and dying and hes behind it  
Voldemort. Ive told you this over and over again, he 
kills Muggles for fun. Even the fogs  theyre caused 
by dementors, and if you cant remember what they 
are, ask your son! 

Dudleys hands jerked upward to cover his mouth. 
With his parents and Harrys eyes upon him, he 
slowly lowered them again and asked, There are . . . 
more of them? 

More? laughed Harry. More than the two that 
attacked us, you mean? Of course there are, there are 
hundreds, maybe thousands by this time, seeing as 
they feed off fear and despair   

All right, all right, blustered Vernon Dursley. 

Youve made your point   

I hope so, said Harry, because once Im seventeen, 
all of them  Death Eaters, dementors, maybe even 
Inferi  which means dead bodies enchanted by a 
Dark wizard  will be able to find you and will 

  36 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




certainly attack you. And if you remember the last 
time you tried to outrun wizards, I think you 11 agree 
you need help. 

There was a brief silence in which the distant echo of 
Hagrid smashing down a wooden front door seemed 
to reverberate through the intervening years. Aunt 
Petunia was looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley was 
staring at Harry. Finally Uncle Vernon blurted out, 
But what about my work? What about Dudleys 
school? I dont suppose those things matter to a 
bunch of layabout wizards   

Dont you understand? shouted Harry. They will 
torture and kill you like they did my parents ! 

Dad, said Dudley in a loud voice, Dad  Im going 
with these Order people. 

Dudley, said Harry, for the first time in your life, 
youre talking sense. 

He knew that the battle was won. If Dudley was 
frightened enough to accept the Orders help, his 
parents would accompany him: There could be no 
question of being separated from their Diddykins. 
Harry glanced at the carriage clock on the 
mantelpiece. 

Theyll be here in about five minutes, he said, and 
when none of the Dursleys replied, he left the room. 
The prospect of parting  probably forever  from 
his aunt, uncle, and cousin was one that he was able 
to contemplate quite cheerfully, but there was 
nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air. What 
did you say to one another at the end of sixteen years 
solid dislike? 



  37 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Back in his bedroom, Harry fiddled aimlessly with his 
rucksack, then poked a couple of owl nuts through 
the bars of Hedwigs cage. They fell with dull thuds to 
the bottom, where she ignored them. 

Were leaving soon, really soon, Harry told her. And 
then youll be able to fly again. 

The doorbell rang. Harry hesitated, then headed back 
out of his room and downstairs. It was too much to 
expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursleys 
on their own. 

Harry Potter! squeaked an excited voice, the 
moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a 
mauve top hat was sweeping him a deep bow. An 
honor, as ever! 

Thanks, Dedalus, said Harry, bestowing a small and 
embarrassed smile upon the darkhaired Hestia. Its 
really good of you to do this. ... Theyre through here, 
my aunt and uncle and cousin. ... 

Good day to you, Harry Potters relatives! said 
Dedalus happily, striding into the living room. The 
Dursleys did not look at all happy to be addressed 
thus; Harry half expected another change of mind. 
Dudley shrank nearer to his mother at the sight of 
the witch and wizard. 

I see you are packed and ready. Excellent! The plan, 
as Harry has told you, is a simple one, said Dedalus, 
pulling an immense pocket watch out of his waistcoat 
and examining it. We shall be leaving before Harry 
does. Due to the danger of using magic in your house 
 Harry being still underage, it could provide the 
Ministry with an excuse to arrest him  we shall be 
driving, say, ten miles or so, before Disapparating to 
the safe location we have picked out for you. You 
  38 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




know how to drive, I take it? he asked Uncle Vernon 
politely. 

Know how to  ? Of course I ruddy well know how to 
drive! spluttered Uncle Vernon. 

Very clever of you, sir, very clever, I personally would 
be utterly bamboozled by all those buttons and 
knobs, said Dedalus. He was clearly under the 
impression that he was flattering Vernon Dursley, 
who was visibly losing confidence in the plan with 
every word Dedalus spoke. 

Cant even drive, he muttered under his breath, his 
mustache rippling indignantly, but fortunately neither 
Dedalus nor Hestia seemed to hear him. 

You, Harry, Dedalus continued, will wait here for 
your guard. There has been a little change in the 
arrangements   

What dyou mean? said Harry at once. I thought 
MadEye was going to come and take me by Side 
Along Apparition? 

Cant do it, said Hestia tersely. MadEye will 
explain. 

The Dursleys, who had listened to all of this with 
looks of utter incomprehension on their faces, jumped 
as a loud voice screeched, Hurry up\ Harry looked 
all around the room before realizing that the voice 
had issued from Dedaluss pocket watch. 

Quite right, were operating to a very tight schedule, 
said Dedalus, nodding at his watch and tucking it 
back into his waistcoat. We are attempting to time 
your departure from the house with your familys 
Disapparition, Harry; thus, the charm breaks at the 
  39 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




moment you all head for safety. He turned to the 
Dursleys. Well, are we all packed and ready to go? 

None of them answered him. Uncle Vernon was still 
staring, appalled, at the bulge in Dedaluss waistcoat 
pocket. 

Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, 

Dedalus, murmured Hestia. She clearly felt that it 
would be tactless for them to remain in the room 
while Harry and the Dursleys exchanged loving, 
possibly tearful farewells. 

Theres no need, Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon 
made any further explanation unnecessary by saying 
loudly, 

Well, this is goodbye, then, boy. 

He swung his right arm upward to shake Harrys 
hand, but at the last moment seemed unable to face 
it, and merely closed his fist and began swinging it 
backward and forward like a metronome. 

Ready, Diddy? asked Aunt Petunia, fussily checking 
the clasp of her handbag so as to avoid looking at 
Harry altogether. 

Dudley did not answer, but stood there with his 
mouth slightly ajar, reminding Harry a little of the 
giant, Grawp. 

Come along, then, said Uncle Vernon. 

He had already reached the living room door when 
Dudley mumbled, I dont understand. 

What dont you understand, popkin? asked Aunt 
Petunia, looking up at her son. 

  40 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dudley raised a large, hamlike hand to point at 
Harry. 

Why isnt he coming with us? 

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia froze where they 
stood, staring at Dudley as though he had just 
expressed a desire to become a ballerina. 

What? said Uncle Vernon loudly. 

Why isnt he coming too? asked Dudley. 

Well, he  he doesnt want to, said Uncle Vernon, 
turning to glare at Harry and adding, You dont want 
to, do you? 

Not in the slightest, said Harry. 

There you are, Uncle Vernon told Dudley. Now 
come on, were off. 

He marched out of the room. They heard the front 
door open, but Dudley did not move and after a few 
faltering steps Aunt Petunia stopped too. 

What now? barked Uncle Vernon, reappearing in the 
doorway. 

It seemed that Dudley was struggling with concepts 
too difficult to put into words. After several moments 
of apparently painful internal struggle he said, But 
wheres he going to go? 

Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other. 
It was clear that Dudley was frightening them. Hestia 
Jones broke the silence. 



  41 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But . . . surely you know where your nephew is 
going? she asked, looking bewildered. 

Certainly we know, said Vernon Dursley. Hes off 
with some of your lot, isnt he? Right, Dudley, lets get 
in the car, you heard the man, were in a hurry. 

Again, Vernon Dursley marched as far as the front 
door, but Dudley did not follow. 

Off with some of our lot? 

Hestia looked outraged. Harry had met this attitude 
before: Witches and wizards seemed stunned that his 
closest living relatives took so little interest in the 
famous Harry Potter. 

Its fine, Harry assured her. It doesnt matter, 
honestly. 

Doesnt matter? repeated Hestia, her voice rising 
ominously. Dont these people realize what youve 
been through? What danger you are in? The unique 
position you hold in the hearts of the antiVoldemort 
movement? 

Er  no, they dont, said Harry. They think Im a 
waste of space, actually, but Im used to   

I dont think youre a waste of space. 

If Harry had not seen Dudleys lips move, he might 
not have believed it. As it was, he stared at Dudley for 
several seconds before accepting that it must have 
been his cousin who had spoken; for one thing, 

Dudley had turned red. Harry was embarrassed and 
astonished himself. 

Well ... er ... thanks, Dudley. 

  42 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thoughts too 
unwieldy for expression before mumbling, You saved 
my life. 

Not really, said Harry. It was your soul the 
dementor would have taken. ... 

He looked curiously at his cousin. They had had 
virtually no contact during this summer or last, as 
Harry had come back to Privet Drive so briefly and 
kept to his room so much. It now dawned on Harry, 
however, that the cup of cold tea on which he had 
trodden that morning might not have been a booby 
trap at all. Although rather touched, he was 
nevertheless quite relieved that Dudley appeared to 
have exhausted his ability to express his feelings. 
After opening his mouth once or twice more, Dudley 
subsided into scarletfaced silence. 

Aunt Petunia burst into tears. Hestia Jones gave her 
an approving look that changed to outrage as Aunt 
Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather 
than Harry. 

Sso sweet, Dudders ... she sobbed into his massive 
chest. Ssuch a lovely bboy ... ssaying thank you 



But he hasnt said thank you at all! said Hestia 
indignantly. He only said he didnt think Harry was a 
waste of space! 

Yeah, but coming from Dudley thats like I love you, 
 said Harry, torn between annoyance and a desire to 
laugh as Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley 
as if he had just saved Harry from a burning building. 



  43 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Are we going or not? roared Uncle Vernon, 
reappearing yet again at the living room door. I 
thought we were on a tight schedule! 

Yes  yes, we are, said Dedalus Diggle, who had 
been watching these exchanges with an air of 
bemusement and now seemed to pull himself 
together. We really must be off. Harry   

He tripped forward and wrung Harrys hand with both 
of his own. 

  good luck. I hope we meet again. The hopes of the 
Wizarding world rest upon your shoulders. 

Oh, said Harry, right. Thanks. 

Farewell, Harry, said Hestia, also clasping his hand. 
Our thoughts go with you. 

I hope everythings okay, said Harry with a glance 
toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley. 

Oh, Im sure we shall end up the best of chums, 
said Diggle brightly, waving his hat as he left the 
room. Hestia followed him. 

Dudley gently released himself from his mothers 
clutches and walked toward Harry, who had to 
repress an urge to threaten him with magic. Then 
Dudley held out his large, pink hand. 

Blimey, Dudley, said Harry over Aunt Petunias 
renewed sobs, did the dementors blow a different 
personality into you? 

Dunno, muttered Dudley. See you, Harry. 



  44 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yeah ... said Harry, taking Dudleys hand and 
shaking it. Maybe. Take care, Big D. 

Dudley nearly smiled, then lumbered from the room. 
Harry heard his heavy footfalls on the graveled drive, 
and then a car door slammed. 

Aunt Petunia, whose face had been buried in her 
handkerchief, looked around at the sound. She did 
not seem to have expected to find herself alone with 
Harry. Hastily stowing her wet handkerchief into her 
pocket, she said, Well  goodbye, and marched 
toward the door without looking at him. 

Goodbye, said Harry. 

She stopped and looked back. For a moment Harry 
had the strangest feeling that she wanted to say 
something to him: She gave him an odd, tremulous 
look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but 
then, with a little jerk of her head, she bustled out of 
the room after her husband and son. 



  45 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE SEVEN POTTERS 

Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at 
the window just in time to see the Dursleys car 
swinging out of the drive and off up the road. 
Dedaluss top hat was visible between Aunt Petunia 
and Dudley in the backseat. The car turned right at 
the end of Privet Drive, its windows burned scarlet for 
a moment in the now setting sun, and then it was 
gone. 

Harry picked up Hedwigs cage, his Firebolt, and his 
rucksack, gave his unnaturally tidy bedroom one last 
sweeping look, and then made his ungainly way back 
downstairs to the hall, where he deposited cage, 
broomstick, and bag near the foot of the stairs. The 
light was fading rapidly now, the hall full of shadows 
in the evening light. It felt most strange to stand here 
in the silence and know that he was about to leave 
the house for the last time. Long ago, when he had 
been left alone while the Dursleys went out to enjoy 
themselves, the hours of solitude had been a rare 
treat: Pausing only to sneak something tasty from the 
fridge, he had rushed upstairs to play on Dudleys 

  46 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



computer, or put on the television and flicked through 
the channels to his hearts content. It gave him an 
odd, empty feeling to remember those times; it was 
like remembering a younger brother whom he had 
lost. 

Dont you want to take a last look at the place? he 
asked Hedwig, who was still sulking with her head 
under her wing. Well never be here again. Dont you 
want to remember all the good times? I mean, look at 
this doormat. What memories ... Dudley puked on it 
after I saved him from the dementors. ... Turns out he 
was grateful after all, can you believe it? ... And last 
summer, Dumbledore walked through that front door. 



Harry lost the thread of his thoughts for a moment 
and Hedwig did nothing to help him retrieve it, but 
continued to sit with her head under her wing. Harry 
turned his back on the front door. 

And under here, Hedwig  Harry pulled open a door 
under the stairs  is where I used to sleep! You 
never knew me then  Blimey, its small, Id 
forgotten. ... 

Harry looked around at the stacked shoes and 
umbrellas, remembering how he used to wake every 
morning looking up at the underside of the staircase, 
which was more often than not adorned with a spider 
or two. Those had been the days before he had known 
anything about his true identity; before he had found 
out how his parents had died or why such strange 
things often happened around him. But Harry could 
still remember the dreams that had dogged him, even 
in those days: confused dreams involving flashes of 
green light and once  Uncle Vernon had nearly 
crashed the car when Harry had recounted it  a 
flying motorbike . . . 

  47 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There was a sudden, deafening roar from somewhere 
nearby. Harry straightened up with a jerk and 
smacked the top of his head on the low door frame. 
Pausing only to employ a few of Uncle Vernons 
choicest swear words, he staggered back into the 
kitchen, clutching his head and staring out of the 
window into the back garden. 

The darkness seemed to be rippling, the air itself 
quivering. Then, one by one, figures began to pop into 
sight as their Disillusionment Charms lifted. 
Dominating the scene was Hagrid, wearing a helmet 
and goggles and sitting astride an enormous 
motorbike with a black sidecar attached. All around 
him other people were dismounting from brooms and, 
in two cases, skeletal, black winged horses. 

Wrenching open the back door, Harry hurtled into 
their midst. There was a general cry of greeting as 
Hermione flung her arms around him, Ron clapped 
him on the back, and Hagrid said, All righ, Harry? 
Ready fer the off? 

Definitely, said Harry, beaming around at them all. 
But I wasnt expecting this many of you! 

Change of plan, growled MadEye, who was holding 
two enormous, bulging sacks, and whose magical eye 
was spinning from darkening sky to house to garden 
with dizzying rapidity. Lets get undercover before we 
talk you through it. 

Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, 
laughing and chattering, they settled on chairs, sat 
themselves upon Aunt Petunias gleaming work 
surfaces, or leaned up against her spotless 
appliances: Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her 
bushy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, 
grinning identically; Bill, badly scarred and long 
P a g e  48 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




haired; Mr. Weasley, kindfaced, balding, his 
spectacles a little awry; MadEye, battleworn, one 
legged, his bright blue magical eye whizzing in its 
socket; Tonks, whose short hair was her favorite 
shade of bright pink; Lupin, grayer, more lined; Fleur, 
slender and beautiful, with her long silvery blonde 
hair; Kingsley, bald, black, broadshouldered; Hagrid, 
with his wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked 
to avoid hitting his head on the ceiling; and 
Mundungus Fletcher, small, dirty, and hangdog, with 
his droopy basset hounds eyes and matted hair. 
Harrys heart seemed to expand and glow at the sight: 
He felt incredibly fond of all of them, even 
Mundungus, whom he had tried to strangle the last 
time they had met. 

Kingsley, I thought you were looking after the Muggle 
Prime Minister? he called across the room. 

He can get along without me for one night, said 
Kingsley. Youre more important. 

Harry, guess what? said Tonks from her perch on 
top of the washing machine, and she wiggled her left 
hand at him; a ring glittered there. 

You got married? Harry yelped, looking from her to 
Lupin. 

Im sorry you couldnt be there, Harry, it was very 
quiet. 

Thats brilliant, congrat   

All right, all right, well have time for a cozy catchup 
later! roared Moody over the hubbub, and silence fell 
in the kitchen. Moody dropped his sacks at his feet 
and turned to Harry. As Dedalus probably told you, 
we had to abandon Plan A. Pius Thicknesse has gone 
  49 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




over, which gives us a big problem. Hes made it an 
imprisonable offense to connect this house to the Floo 
Network, place a Portkey here, or Apparate in or out. 
All done in the name of your protection, to prevent 
YouKnowWho getting in at you. Absolutely 
pointless, seeing as your mothers charm does that 
already. What hes really done is to stop you getting 
out of here safely. 

Second problem: Youre underage, which means 
youve still got the Trace on you. 

I dont   

The Trace, the Trace! said MadEye impatiently. 

The charm that detects magical activity around 
underseventeens, the way the Ministry finds out 
about underage magic! If you, or anyone around you, 
casts a spell to get you out of here, Thicknesse is 
going to know about it, and so will the Death Eaters. 

We cant wait for the Trace to break, because the 
moment you turn seventeen youll lose all the 
protection your mother gave you. In short: Pius 
Thicknesse thinks hes got you cornered good and 
proper. 

Harry could not help but agree with the unknown 
Thicknesse. 

So what are we going to do? 

Were going to use the only means of transport left to 
us, the only ones the Trace cant detect, because we 
dont need to cast spells to use them: brooms, 
thestrals, and Hagrids motorbike. 



  50 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry could see flaws in this plan; however, he held 
his tongue to give MadEye the chance to address 
them. 

Now, your mothers charm will only break under two 
conditions: when you come of age, or  Moody 
gestured around the pristine kitchen  you no 
longer call this place home. You and your aunt and 
uncle are going your separate ways tonight, in the full 
understanding that youre never going to live together 
again, correct? 

Harry nodded. 

So this time, when you leave, therell be no going 
back, and the charm will break the moment you get 
outside its range. Were choosing to break it early, 
because the alternative is waiting for YouKnowWho 
to come and seize you the moment you turn 
seventeen. 

The one thing weve got on our side is that You 
KnowWho doesnt know were moving you tonight. 
Weve leaked a fake trail to the Ministry: They think 
youre not leaving until the thirtieth. However, this is 
YouKnowWho were dealing with, so we cant just 
rely on him getting the date wrong; hes bound to 
have a couple of Death Eaters patrolling the skies in 
this general area, just in case. So, weve given a dozen 
different houses every protection we can throw at 
them. They all look like they could be the place were 
going to hide you, theyve all got some connection 
with the Order: my house, Kingsleys place, Mollys 
Auntie Muriels  you get the idea. 

Yeah, said Harry, not entirely truthfully, because he 
could still spot a gaping hole in the plan. 



  51 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youll be going to Tonkss parents. Once youre 
within the boundaries of the protective enchantments 
weve put on their house, youll be able to use a 
Portkey to the Burrow. Any questions? 

Er  yes, said Harry. Maybe they wont know 
which of the twelve secure houses Im heading for at 
first, but wont it be sort of obvious once  he 
performed a quick headcount  fourteen of us fly off 
toward Tonkss parents? 

Ah, said Moody, I forgot to mention the key point. 
Fourteen of us wont be flying to Tonkss parents. 
There will be seven Harry Potters moving through the 
skies tonight, each of them with a companion, each 
pair heading for a different safe house. 

From inside his cloak Moody now withdrew a flask of 
what looked like mud. There was no need for him to 
say another word; Harry understood the rest of the 
plan immediately. 

No! he said loudly, his voice ringing through the 
kitchen. No way! 

I told them youd take it like this, said Hermione 
with a hint of complacency. 

If you think Im going to let six people risk their lives 

 ! 

  because its the first time for all of us, said Ron. 

This is different, pretending to be me   

Well, none of us really fancy it, Harry, said Fred 
earnestly. Imagine if something went wrong and we 
were stuck as specky, scrawny gits forever. 



  52 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry did not smile. 



You cant do it if I dont cooperate, you need me to 
give you some hair. 

Well, thats that plan scuppered, said George. 
Obviously theres no chance at all of us getting a bit 
of your hair unless you cooperate. 

Yeah, thirteen of us against one bloke whos not 
allowed to use magic; weve got no chance, said Fred. 

Funny, said Harry, really amusing. 

If it has to come to force, then it will, growled 
Moody, his magical eye now quivering a little in its 
socket as he glared at Harry. Everyone heres 
overage, Potter, and theyre all prepared to take the 
risk. 

Mundungus shrugged and grimaced; the magical eye 
swerved sideways to glare at him out of the side of 
Moodys head. 

Lets have no more arguments. Times wearing on. I 
want a few of your hairs, boy, now. 

But this is mad, theres no need   

No need! snarled Moody. With YouKnowWho out 
there and half the Ministry on his side? Potter, if 
were lucky hell have swallowed the fake bait and 
hell be planning to ambush you on the thirtieth, but 
hed be mad not to have a Death Eater or two keeping 
an eye out, its what Id do. They might not be able to 
get at you or this house while your mothers charm 
holds, but its about to break and they know the 
rough position of the place. Our only chance is to use 

  53 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




decoys. Even YouKnowWho cant split himself into 
seven. 

Harry caught Hermiones eye and looked away at 
once. 

So, Potter  some of your hair, if you please. 

Harry glanced at Ron, who grimaced at him in a just 
doit sort of way. 

Now! barked Moody. 

With all of their eyes upon him, Harry reached up to 
the top of his head, grabbed a hank of hair, and 
pulled. 

Good, said Moody, limping forward as he pulled the 
stopper out of the flask of potion. Straight in here, if 
you please. 

Harry dropped the hair into the mudlike liquid. The 
moment it made contact with its surface, the potion 
began to froth and smoke, then, all at once, it turned 
a clear, bright gold. 

Ooh, you look much tastier than Crabbe and Goyle, 
Harry, said Hermione, before catching sight of Rons 
raised eyebrows, blushing slightly, and saying, Oh, 
you know what I mean  Goyle s potion looked like 
bogies. 

Right then, fake Potters line up over here, please, 
said Moody. 

Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Fleur lined up in 
front of Aunt Petunias gleaming sink. 

Were one short, said Lupin. 

  54 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Here, said Hagrid gruffly, and he lifted Mundungus 
by the scruff of the neck and dropped him down 
beside Fleur, who wrinkled her nose pointedly and 
moved along to stand between Fred and George 
instead. 

Ive toldjer, Id sooner be a protector, said 
Mundungus. 

Shut it, growled Moody. As Ive already told you, 
you spineless worm, any Death Eaters we run into 
will be aiming to capture Potter, not kill him. 
Dumbledore always said YouKnowWho would want 
to finish Potter in person. Itll be the protectors who 
have got the most to worry about, the Death Eatersll 
want to kill them. 

Mundungus did not look particularly reassured, but 
Moody was already pulling half a dozen eggcupsized 
glasses from inside his cloak, which he handed out, 
before pouring a little Polyjuice Potion into each one. 

Altogether, then ... 

Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus 
drank. All of them gasped and grimaced as the potion 
hit their throats: At once, their features began to 
bubble and distort like hot wax. Hermione and 
Mundungus were shooting upward; Ron, Fred, and 
George were shrinking; their hair was darkening, 
Hermiones and Fleurs appearing to shoot backward 
into their skulls. 

Moody, quite unconcerned, was now loosening the 
ties of the large sacks he had brought with him. When 
he straightened up again, there were six Harry Potters 
gasping and panting in front of him. 



  55 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Fred and George turned to each other and said 
together, Wow  were identical! 

I dunno, though, I think Im still betterlooking, said 
Fred, examining his reflection in the kettle. 

Bah, said Fleur, checking herself in the microwave 
door, Bill, dont look at me  Im ideous. 

Those whose clothes are a bit roomy, Ive got smaller 
here, said Moody, indicating the first sack, and vice 
versa. Dont forget the glasses, theres six pairs in the 
side pocket. And when youre dressed, theres luggage 
in the other sack. 

The real Harry thought that this might just be the 
most bizarre thing he had ever seen, and he had seen 
some extremely odd things. He watched as his six 
doppelgangers rummaged in the sacks, pulling out 
sets of clothes, putting on glasses, stuffing their own 
things away. He felt like asking them to show a little 
more respect for his privacy as they all began 
stripping off with impunity, clearly much more at ease 
with displaying his body than they would have been 
with their own. 

I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo, said Ron, 
looking down at his bare chest. 

Harry, your eyesight really is awful, said Hermione, 
as she put on glasses. 

Once dressed, the fake Harrys took rucksacks and 
owl cages, each containing a stuffed snowy owl, from 
the second sack. 

Good, said Moody, as at last seven dressed, 
bespectacled, and luggageladen Harrys faced him. 



  56 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The pairs will be as follows: Mundungus will be 
traveling with me, by broom   

Whym I with you? grunted the Harry nearest the 
back door. 

Because youre the one that needs watching, 
growled Moody, and sure enough, his magical eye did 
not waver from Mundungus as he continued, Arthur 
and Fred   

Im George, said the twin at whom Moody was 
pointing. Cant you even tell us apart when were 
Harry? 

Sorry, George   

Im only yanking your wand, Im Fred really   

Enough messing around! snarled Moody. The other 
one  George or Fred or whoever you are  youre 
with Remus. Miss Delacour   

Im taking Fleur on a thestral, said Bill. Shes not 
that fond of brooms. 

Fleur walked over to stand beside him, giving him a 
soppy, slavish look that Harry hoped with all his 
heart would never appear on his face again. 

Miss Granger with Kingsley, again by thestral   

Hermione looked reassured as she answered 
Kingsleys smile; Harry knew that Hermione too 
lacked confidence on a broomstick. 

Which leaves you and me, Ron! said Tonks brightly, 
knocking over a mug tree as she waved at him. 



  57 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron did not look quite as pleased as Hermione. 



An youre with me, Harry. That all righ? said 
Hagrid, looking a little anxious. Well be on the bike, 
brooms an thestrals cant take me weight, see. Not a 
lot o room on the seat with me on it, though, so youll 
be in the sidecar. 

Thats great, said Harry, not altogether truthfully. 

We think the Death Eaters will expect you to be on a 
broom, said Moody, who seemed to guess how Harry 
was feeling. Snapes had plenty of time to tell them 
everything about you hes never mentioned before, so 
if we do run into any Death Eaters, were betting 
theyll choose one of the Potters who look at home on 
a broomstick. All right then, he went on, tying up the 
sack with the fake Potters clothes in it and leading 
the way back to the door, I make it three minutes 
until were supposed to leave. No point locking the 
back door, it wont keep the Death Eaters out when 
they come looking. ... Come on. ... 

Harry hurried into the hall to fetch his rucksack, 
Firebolt, and Hedwigs cage before joining the others 
in the dark back garden. On every side broomsticks 
were leaping into hands; Hermione had already been 
helped up onto a great black thestral by Kingsley, 
Fleur onto the other by Bill. Hagrid was standing 
ready beside the motorbike, goggles on. 

Is this it? Is this Siriuss bike? 

The very same, said Hagrid, beaming down at Harry. 
An the last time yeh was on it, Harry, I could fit yeh 
in one hand! 

Harry could not help but feel a little humiliated as he 
got into the sidecar. It placed him several feet below 

  58 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




everybody else: Ron smirked at the sight of him 
sitting there like a child in a bumper car. Harry 
stuffed his rucksack and broomstick down by his feet 
and rammed Hedwigs cage between his knees. It was 
extremely uncomfortable. 

Arthurs done a bit o tinkerin, said Hagrid, quite 
oblivious to Harrys discomfort. He settled himself 
astride the motorcycle, which creaked slightly and 
sank inches into the ground. Its got a few tricks up 
its handlebars now. Tha one was my idea. 

He pointed a thick finger at a purple button near the 
speedometer. 

Please be careful, Hagrid, said Mr. Weasley, who 
was standing beside them, holding his broomstick. 
Im still not sure that was advisable and its certainly 
only to be used in emergencies. 

All right then, said Moody. Everyone ready, please; 

I want us all to leave at exactly the same time or the 
whole point of the diversions lost. 

Everybody mounted their brooms. 

Hold tight now, Ron, said Tonks, and Harry saw 
Ron throw a furtive, guilty look at Lupin before 
placing his hands on either side of her waist. Hagrid 
kicked the motorbike into life: It roared like a dragon, 
and the sidecar began to vibrate. 

Good luck, everyone, shouted Moody. See you all in 
about an hour at the Burrow. On the count of three. 
One ... two ... THREE. 

There was a great roar from the motorbike, and Harry 
felt the sidecar give a nasty lurch: He was rising 
through the air fast, his eyes watering slightly, hair 

  59 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




whipped back off his face. Around him brooms were 
soaring upward too; the long black tail of a thestral 
flicked past. His legs, jammed into the sidecar by 
Hedwigs cage and his rucksack, were already sore 
and starting to go numb. So great was his discomfort 
that he almost forgot to take a last glimpse of number 
four, Privet Drive; by the time he looked over the edge 
of the sidecar he could no longer tell which one it 
was. Higher and higher they climbed into the sky  

And then, out of nowhere, out of nothing, they were 
surrounded. At least thirty hooded figures, suspended 
in midair, formed a vast circle in the midst of which 
the Order members had risen, oblivious  

Screams, a blaze of green light on every side: Hagrid 
gave a yell and the motorbike rolled over. Harry lost 
any sense of where they were: Streetlights above him, 
yells around him, he was clinging to the sidecar for 
dear life. Hedwigs cage, the Firebolt, and his 
rucksack slipped from beneath his knees  

No  HEDWIG! 

The broomstick spun to earth, but he just managed 
to seize the strap of his rucksack and the top of the 
cage as the motorbike swung the right way up again. 
A seconds relief, and then another burst of green 
light. The owl screeched and fell to the floor of the 
cage. 

No  NO! 

The motorbike zoomed forward; Harry glimpsed 
hooded Death Eaters scattering as Hagrid blasted 
through their circle. 

Hedwig  Hedwig   



  60 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But the owl lay motionless and pathetic as a toy on 
the floor of her cage. He could not take it in, and his 
terror for the others was paramount. He glanced over 
his shoulder and saw a mass of people moving, flares 
of green light, two pairs of people on brooms soaring 
off into the distance, but he could not tell who they 
were  

Hagrid, weve got to go back, weve got to go back! he 
yelled over the thunderous roar of the engine, pulling 
out his wand, ramming Hedwigs cage onto the floor, 
refusing to believe that she was dead. Hagrid, TURN 
AROUND! 

My jobs ter get you there safe, Harry! bellowed 
Hagrid, and he opened the throttle. 

Stop  STOP! Harry shouted, but as he looked back 
again two jets of green light flew past his left ear: Four 
Death Eaters had broken away from the circle and 
were pursuing them, aiming for Hagrid s broad back. 
Hagrid swerved, but the Death Eaters were keeping 
up with the bike; more curses shot after them, and 
Harry had to sink low into the sidecar to avoid them. 
Wriggling around he cried, Stupefy\ and a red bolt of 
light shot from his own wand, cleaving a gap between 
the four pursuing Death Eaters as they scattered to 
avoid it. 

Hold on, Harry, thisll do for em! roared Hagrid, and 
Harry looked up just in time to see Hagrid slamming 
a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge. 

A wall, a solid brick wall, erupted out of the exhaust 
pipe. Craning his neck, Harry saw it expand into 
being in midair. Three of the Death Eaters swerved 
and avoided it, but the fourth was not so lucky: He 
vanished from view and then dropped like a boulder 
from behind it, his broomstick broken into pieces. 
  61 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




One of his fellows slowed up to save him, but they 
and the airborne wall were swallowed by darkness as 
Hagrid leaned low over the handlebars and sped up. 

More Killing Curses flew past Harrys head from the 
two remaining Death Eaters wands; they were aiming 
for Hagrid. Harry responded with further Stunning 
Spells: Red and green collided in midair in a shower 
of multicolored sparks, and Harry thought wildly of 
fireworks, and the Muggles below who would have no 
idea what was happening  

Here we go again, Harry, hold on! yelled Hagrid, and 
he jabbed at a second button. This time a great net 
burst from the bikes exhaust, but the Death Eaters 
were ready for it. Not only did they swerve to avoid it, 
but the companion who had slowed to save their 
unconscious friend had caught up. He bloomed 
suddenly out of the darkness and now three of them 
were pursuing the motorbike, all shooting curses after 
it. 

Thisll do it, Harry, hold on tight! yelled Hagrid, and 
Harry saw him slam his whole hand onto the purple 
button beside the speedometer. 

With an unmistakable bellowing roar, dragon fire 
burst from the exhaust, whitehot and blue, and the 
motorbike shot forward like a bullet with a sound of 
wrenching metal. Harry saw the Death Eaters swerve 
out of sight to avoid the deadly trail of flame, and at 
the same time felt the sidecar sway ominously: Its 
metal connections to the bike had splintered with the 
force of acceleration. 

Its all righ, Harry! bellowed Hagrid, now thrown flat 
onto his back by the surge of speed; nobody was 
steering now, and the sidecar was starting to twist 
violently in the bikes slipstream. 

  62 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Tm on it, Harry, don worry! Hagrid yelled, and from 
inside his jacket pocket he pulled his flowery pink 
umbrella. 

Hagrid! No! Let me! 

REPAROl 

There was a deafening bang and the sidecar broke 
away from the bike completely: Harry sped forward, 
propelled by the impetus of the bikes flight, then the 
sidecar began to lose height  

In desperation Harry pointed his wand at the sidecar 
and shouted, Wingardium Leviosal 

The sidecar rose like a cork, unsteerable but at least 
still airborne: He had but a split seconds relief, 
however, as more curses streaked past him: The three 
Death Eaters were closing in. 

Im cornin, Harry! Hagrid yelled from out of the 
darkness, but Harry could feel the sidecar beginning 
to sink again: Crouching as low as he could, he 
pointed at the middle of the oncoming figures and 
yelled, Impedimental 

The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the chest: For 
a moment the man was absurdly spreadeagled in 
midair as though he had hit an invisible barrier: One 
of his fellows almost collided with him  

Then the sidecar began to fall in earnest, and the 
remaining Death Eater shot a curse so close to Harry 
that he had to duck below the rim of the car, 
knocking out a tooth on the edge of his seat  

Im cornin, Harry, Im cornin! 



  63 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




A huge hand seized the back of Harrys robes and 
hoisted him out of the plummeting sidecar; Harry 
pulled his rucksack with him as he dragged himself 
onto the motorbikes seat and found himself backto 
back with Hagrid. As they soared upward, away from 
the two remaining Death Eaters, Harry spat blood out 
of his mouth, pointed his wand at the falling sidecar, 
and yelled, Confringo\ 

He knew a dreadful, gutwrenching pang for Hedwig 
as it exploded; the Death Eater nearest it was blasted 
off his broom and fell from sight; his companion fell 
back and vanished. 

Harry, Im sorry, Im sorry, moaned Hagrid, I 
shouldnta tried ter repair it meself  yehve got no 
room   

Its not a problem, just keep flying! Harry shouted 
back, as two more Death Eaters emerged out of the 
darkness, drawing closer. 

As the curses came shooting across the intervening 
space again, Hagrid swerved and zigzagged: Harry 
knew that Hagrid did not dare use the dragonfire 
button again, with Harry seated so insecurely. Harry 
sent Stunning Spell after Stunning Spell back at their 
pursuers, barely holding them off. He shot another 
blocking jinx at them: The closest Death Eater 
swerved to avoid it and his hood slipped, and by the 
red light of his next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the 
strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike  Stan  

 ExpelliarmusV Harry yelled. 

Thats him, its him, its the real one! 

The hooded Death Eaters shout reached Harry even 
above the thunder of the motorbikes engine: Next 

  64 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




moment, both pursuers had fallen back and 
disappeared from view. 



Harry, whats happened? bellowed Hagrid. 

Where Ve they gone? 

I dont know! 

But Harry was afraid: The hooded Death Eater had 
shouted Its the real one!; how had he known? He 
gazed around at the apparently empty darkness and 
felt its menace. Where were they? 

He clambered around on the seat to face forward and 
seized hold of the back of Hagrid s jacket. 

Hagrid, do the dragonfire thing again, lets get out of 
here! 

Hold on tight, then, Harry! 

There was a deafening, screeching roar again and the 
whiteblue fire shot from the exhaust: Harry felt 
himself slipping backward off what little of the seat he 
had, Hagrid flung backward upon him, barely 
maintaining his grip on the handlebars  

I think weve lost em Harry, I think weve done it! 
yelled Hagrid. 

But Harry was not convinced: Fear lapped at him as 
he looked left and right for pursuers he was sure 
would come. ... Why had they fallen back? One of 
them had still had a wand. ... Its him ... its the real 
one. . . . They had said it right after he had tried to 
Disarm Stan. ... 

Were nearly there, Harry, weve nearly made it! 
shouted Hagrid. 

  65 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry felt the bike drop a little, though the lights 
down on the ground still seemed remote as stars. 

Then the scar on his forehead burned like fire; as a 
Death Eater appeared on either side of the bike, two 
Killing Curses missed Harry by millimeters, cast from 
behind  

And then Harry saw him. Voldemort was flying like 
smoke on the wind, without broomstick or thestral to 
hold him, his snakelike face gleaming out of the 
blackness, his white fingers raising his wand again  

Hagrid let out a bellow of fear and steered the 
motorbike into a vertical dive. Clinging on for dear 
life, Harry sent Stunning Spells flying at random into 
the whirling night. He saw a body fly past him and 
knew he had hit one of them, but then he heard a 
bang and saw sparks from the engine; the motorbike 
spiraled through the air, completely out of control  

Green jets of light shot past them again. Harry had no 
idea which way was up, which down: His scar was 
still burning; he expected to die at any second. A 
hooded figure on a broomstick was feet from him, he 
saw it raise its arm  

NO! 

With a shout of fury Hagrid launched himself off the 
bike at the Death Eater; to his horror, Harry saw both 
Hagrid and the Death Eater falling out of sight, their 
combined weight too much for the broomstick  

Barely gripping the plummeting bike with his knees, 
Harry heard Voldemort scream, Mine\ 



  66 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It was over: He could not see or hear where Voldemort 
was; he glimpsed another Death Eater swooping out 
of the way and heard, Avada   

As the pain from Harrys scar forced his eyes shut, 
his wand acted of its own accord. He felt it drag his 
hand around like some great magnet, saw a spurt of 
golden fire through his halfclosed eyelids, heard a 
crack and a scream of fury. The remaining Death 
Eater yelled; Voldemort screamed,  No\ Somehow, 
Harry found his nose an inch from the dragonfire 
button. He punched it with his wandfree hand and 
the bike shot more flames into the air, hurtling 
straight toward the ground. 

Hagrid! Harry called, holding on to the bike for dear 
life. Hagrid  Accio Hagridl 

The motorbike sped up, sucked toward the earth. 

Face level with the handlebars, Harry could see 
nothing but distant lights growing nearer and nearer: 
He was going to crash and there was nothing he could 
do about it. Behind him came another scream, Your 
wand, Selwyn, give me your wand\ 

He felt Voldemort before he saw him. Looking 
sideways, he stared into the red eyes and was sure 
they would be the last thing he ever saw: Voldemort 
preparing to curse him once more  

And then Voldemort vanished. Harry looked down 
and saw Hagrid spreadeagled on the ground below 
him. He pulled hard at the handlebars to avoid hitting 
him, groped for the brake, but with an earsplitting, 
groundtrembling crash, he smashed into a muddy 
pond. 



  67 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




5 




FALLEN WARRIOR 



Hagrid? 

Harry struggled to raise himself out of the debris of 
metal and leather that surrounded him; his hands 
sank into inches of muddy water as he tried to stand. 
He could not understand where Voldemort had gone 
and expected him to swoop out of the darkness at any 
moment. Something hot and wet was trickling down 
his chin and from his forehead. He crawled out of the 
pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on 
the ground that was Hagrid. 

Hagrid? Hagrid, talk to me   

But the dark mass did not stir. 

Whos there? Is it Potter? Are you Harry Potter? 

Harry did not recognize the mans voice. Then a 
woman shouted, Theyve crashed, Ted! Crashed in 
the garden! 



  68 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Harrys head was swimming. 



Hagrid, he repeated stupidly, and his knees 
buckled. 

The next thing he knew, he was lying on his back on 
what felt like cushions, with a burning sensation in 
his ribs and right arm. His missing tooth had been 
regrown. The scar on his forehead was still throbbing. 

Hagrid? 

He opened his eyes and saw that he was lying on a 
sofa in an unfamiliar, lamplit sitting room. His 
rucksack lay on the floor a short distance away, wet 
and muddy. A fairhaired, bigbellied man was 
watching Harry anxiously. 

Hagrids fine, son, said the man, the wifes seeing 
to him now. How are you feeling? Anything else 
broken? Ive fixed your ribs, your tooth, and your 
arm. Im Ted, by the way, Ted Tonks  Doras father. 

Harry sat up too quickly: Lights popped in front of his 
eyes and he felt sick and giddy. 

Voldemort   

Easy, now, said Ted Tonks, placing a hand on 
Harrys shoulder and pushing him back against the 
cushions. That was a nasty crash you just had. What 
happened, anyway? Something go wrong with the 
bike? Arthur Weasley overstretch himself again, him 
and his Muggle contraptions? 

No, said Harry, as his scar pulsed like an open 
wound. Death Eaters, loads of them  we were 
chased   

  69 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Death Eaters? said Ted sharply. What dyou mean, 
Death Eaters? I thought they didnt know you were 
being moved tonight, I thought   

They knew, said Harry. 

Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as though he could 
see through it to the sky above. 

Well, we know our protective charms hold, then, 
dont we? They shouldnt be able to get within a 
hundred yards of the place in any direction. 

Now Harry understood why Voldemort had vanished; 
it had been at the point when the motorbike crossed 
the barrier of the Orders charms. He only hoped they 
would continue to work: He imagined Voldemort, a 
hundred yards above them as they spoke, looking for 
a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great 
transparent bubble. 

He swung his legs off the sofa; he needed to see 
Hagrid with his own eyes before he would believe that 
he was alive. He had barely stood up, however, when 
a door opened and Hagrid squeezed through it, his 
face covered in mud and blood, limping a little but 
miraculously alive. 

Harry! 

Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra, 
he covered the floor between them in two strides and 
pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked his newly 
repaired ribs. Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o 
that? I thought we were both goners. 

Yeah, me too. I cant believe   



  70 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry broke off. He had just noticed the woman who 
had entered the room behind Hagrid. 

You! he shouted, and he thrust his hand into his 
pocket, but it was empty. 

Your wands here, son, said Ted, tapping it on 
Harrys arm. It fell right beside you, I picked it up. 
And thats my wife youre shouting at. 

Oh, Im  Im sorry. 

As she moved forward into the room, Mrs. Tonkss 
resemblance to her sister Bellatrix became much less 
pronounced: Her hair was a light, soft brown and her 
eyes were wider and kinder. Nevertheless, she looked 
a little haughty after Harrys exclamation. 

What happened to our daughter? she asked. Hagrid 
said you were ambushed; where is Nymphadora? 

I dont know, said Harry. We dont know what 
happened to anyone else. 

She and Ted exchanged looks. A mixture of fear and 
guilt gripped Harry at the sight of their expressions; if 
any of the others had died, it was his fault, all his 
fault. He had consented to the plan, given them his 
hair. ... 

The Portkey, he said, remembering all of a sudden. 
Weve got to get back to the Burrow and find out  
then well be able to send you word, or  or Tonks 
will, once shes   

Dorall be okay, Dromeda, said Ted. She knows her 
stuff, shes been in plenty of tight spots with the 
Aurors. The Portkey s through here, he added to 



  71 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry. Its supposed to leave in three minutes, if you 
want to take it. 



Yeah, we do, said Harry. He seized his rucksack, 
swung it onto his shoulders. I   

He looked at Mrs. Tonks, wanting to apologize for the 
state of fear in which he left her and for which he felt 
so terribly responsible, but no words occurred to him 
that did not seem hollow and insincere. 

Ill tell Tonks  Dora  to send word, when she ... 
Thanks for patching us up, thanks for everything. I  



He was glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks 
along a short hallway and into a bedroom. Hagrid 
came after them, bending low to avoid hitting his 
head on the door lintel. 

There you go, son. Thats the Portkey. 

Mr. Tonks was pointing to a small, silverbacked 
hairbrush lying on the dressing table. 

Thanks, said Harry, reaching out to place a finger 
on it, ready to leave. 

Wait a moment, said Hagrid, looking around. 

Harry, wheres Hedwig? 

She ... she got hit, said Harry. 

The realization crashed over him: He felt ashamed of 
himself as the tears stung his eyes. The owl had been 
his companion, his one great link with the magical 
world whenever he had been forced to return to the 
Dursleys. 

  72 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him 
painfully on the shoulder. 

Never mind, he said gruffly. Never mind. She had a 
great old life   

Hagrid! said Ted Tonks warningly, as the hairbrush 
glowed bright blue, and Hagrid only just got his 
forefinger to it in time. 

With a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible 
hook and line had dragged him forward, Harry was 
pulled into nothingness, spinning uncontrollably, his 
finger glued to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtled 
away from Mr. Tonks. Seconds later Harrys feet 
slammed onto hard ground and he fell onto his hands 
and knees in the yard of the Burrow. He heard 
screams. Throwing aside the no longer glowing 
hairbrush, Harry stood up, swaying slightly, and saw 
Mrs. Weasley and Ginny running down the steps by 
the back door as Hagrid, who had also collapsed on 
landing, clambered laboriously to his feet. 

Harry? You are the real Harry? What happened? 
Where are the others? cried Mrs. Weasley. 

What dyou mean? Isnt anyone else back? Harry 
panted. 

The answer was clearly etched in Mrs. Weasley s pale 
face. 

The Death Eaters were waiting for us, Harry told 
her. We were surrounded the moment we took off  
they knew it was tonight  I dont know what 
happened to anyone else, four of them chased us, it 
was all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort 
caught up with us   



  73 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He could hear the selfjustifying note in his voice, the 
plea for her to understand why he did not know what 
had happened to her sons, but  

Thank goodness youre all right, she said, pulling 
him into a hug he did not feel he deserved. 

Havent go any brandy, have yeh, Molly? asked 
Hagrid a little shakily. Fer medicinal purposes? 

She could have summoned it by magic, but as she 
hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew 
that she wanted to hide her face. He turned to Ginny 
and she answered his unspoken plea for information 
at once. 

Ron and Tonks should have been back first, but they 
missed their Portkey, it came back without them, she 
said, pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground 
nearby. And that one, she pointed at an ancient 
sneaker, should have been Dad and Freds, they 
were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were 
third and, she checked her watch, if they made it, 
George and Lupin ought to be back in about a 
minute. 

Mrs. Weasley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy, 
which she handed to Hagrid. He uncorked it and 
drank it straight down in one. 

Mum! shouted Ginny, pointing to a spot several feet 
away. 

A blue light had appeared in the darkness: It grew 
larger and brighter, and Lupin and George appeared, 
spinning and then falling. Harry knew immediately 
that there was something wrong: Lupin was 
supporting George, who was unconscious and whose 
face was covered in blood. 

  74 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry ran forward and seized Georges legs. Together, 
he and Lupin carried George into the house and 
through the kitchen to the sitting room, where they 
laid him on the sofa. As the lamplight fell across 
Georges head, Ginny gasped and Harrys stomach 
lurched: One of Georges ears was missing. The side 
of his head and neck were drenched in wet, 
shockingly scarlet blood. 

No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over her son than 
Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged 
him, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where 
Hagrid was still attempting to ease his bulk through 
the back door. 

Oi! said Hagrid indignantly. Le go of him! Le go of 
Harry! 

Lupin ignored him. 

What creature sat in the corner the first time that 
Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts? he said, 
giving Harry a small shake. Answer me! 

A  a grindylow in a tank, wasnt it? 

Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen 
cupboard. 

Wha was tha about? roared Hagrid. 

Im sorry, Harry, but I had to check, said Lupin 
tersely. Weve been betrayed. Voldemort knew that 
you were being moved tonight and the only people 
who could have told him were directly involved in the 
plan. You might have been an impostor. 

So why aren you checkin me? panted Hagrid, still 
struggling to fit through the door. 

  75 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youre halfgiant, said Lupin, looking up at Hagrid. 
The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use 
only. 

None of the Order would have told Voldemort we 
were moving tonight, said Harry. The idea was 
dreadful to him, he could not believe it of any of them. 
Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end, 
he didnt know which one I was in the beginning. If 
hed been in on the plan hed have known from the 
start I was the one with Hagrid. 

Voldemort caught up with you? said Lupin sharply. 
What happened? How did you escape? 

Harry explained briefly how the Death Eaters 
pursuing them had seemed to recognize him as the 
true Harry, how they had abandoned the chase, how 
they must have summoned Voldemort, who had 
appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the 
sanctuary of Tonkss parents. 

They recognized you? But how? What had you 
done? 

I ... Harry tried to remember; the whole journey 
seemed like a blur of panic and confusion. I saw 
Stan Shunpike. ... You know, the bloke who was the 
conductor on the Knight Bus? And I tried to Disarm 
him instead of  well, he doesnt know what hes 
doing, does he? He must be Imperiused! 

Lupin looked aghast. 

Harry, the time for Disarming is past! These people 
are trying to capture and kill you! At least Stun if you 
arent prepared to kill! 



  76 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We were hundreds of feet up! Stans not himself, and 
if I Stunned him and hed fallen, hed have died the 
same as if Id used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus 
saved me from Voldemort two years ago, Harry added 
defiantly. Lupin was reminding him of the sneering 
Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harry 
for wanting to teach Dumbledores Army how to 
Disarm. 

Yes, Harry, said Lupin with painful restraint, and a 
great number of Death Eaters witnessed that 
happening! Forgive me, but it was a very unusual 
move then, under imminent threat of death. 

Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eaters who 
either witnessed or heard about the first occasion was 
close to suicidal! 

So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike? 
said Harry angrily. 

Of course not, said Lupin, but the Death Eaters  
frankly, most people!  would have expected you to 
attack back! Expelliarmus is a useful spell, Harry, but 
the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature 
move, and I urge you not to let it become so! 

Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there 
was still a grain of defiance inside him. 

I wont blast people out of my way just because 
theyre there, said Harry. Thats Voldemorts job. 

Lupins retort was lost: Finally succeeding in 
squeezing through the door, Hagrid staggered to a 
chair and sat down; it collapsed beneath him. 

Ignoring his mingled oaths and apologies, Harry 
addressed Lupin again. 

Will George be okay? 

  77 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




All Lupins frustration with Harry seemed to drain 
away at the question. 

I think so, although theres no chance of replacing 
his ear, not when its been cursed off   

There was a scuffling from outside. Lupin dived for 
the back door; Harry leapt over Hagrids legs and 
sprinted into the yard. 

Two figures had appeared in the yard, and as Harry 
ran toward them he realized they were Hermione, now 
returning to her normal appearance, and Kingsley, 
both clutching a bent coat hanger. Hermione flung 
herself into Harrys arms, but Kingsley showed no 
pleasure at the sight of any of them. Over Hermione s 
shoulder Harry saw him raise his wand and point it 
at Lupins chest. 

The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair 
of us? 

 Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him,  said 
Lupin calmly. 

Kingsley turned his wand on Harry, but Lupin said, 
Its him, Ive checked! 

All right, all right! said Kingsley, stowing his wand 
back beneath his cloak. But somebody betrayed us! 
They knew, they knew it was tonight! 

So it seems, replied Lupin, but apparently they did 
not realize that there would be seven Harrys. 

Small comfort! snarled Kingsley. Who else is back? 

Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me. 



  78 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hermione stifled a little moan behind her hand. 



What happened to you? Lupin asked Kingsley. 

Followed by five, injured two, mightve killed one, 
Kingsley reeled off, and we saw YouKnowWho as 
well, he joined the chase halfway through but 
vanished pretty quickly. Remus, he can   

Fly, supplied Harry. I saw him too, he came after 
Hagrid and me. 

So thats why he left, to follow you! said Kingsley. I 
couldnt understand why hed vanished. But what 
made him change targets? 

Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike, 
said Lupin. 

Stan? repeated Hermione. But I thought he was in 
Azkaban? 

Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh. 

Hermione, theres obviously been a mass breakout 
which the Ministry has hushed up. Traverss hood fell 
off when I cursed him, hes supposed to be inside too. 
But what happened to you, Remus? Wheres George? 

He lost an ear, said Lupin. 

Lost an  ? repeated Hermione in a high voice. 

Snapes work, said Lupin. 

 Snape ? shouted Harry. You didnt say   

He lost his hood during the chase. Sectumsempra 
was always a specialty of Snapes. I wish I could say 

  79 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Id paid him back in kind, but it was all I could do to 
keep George on the broom after he was injured, he 
was losing so much blood. 

Silence fell between the four of them as they looked 
up at the sky. There was no sign of movement; the 
stars stared back, unblinking, indifferent, 
unobscured by flying friends. Where was Ron? Where 
were Fred and Mr. Weasley? Where were Bill, Fleur, 
Tonks, MadEye, and Mundungus? 

Harry, give us a hand! called Hagrid hoarsely from 
the door, in which he was stuck again. Glad of 
something to do, Harry pulled him free, then headed 
through the empty kitchen and back into the sitting 
room, where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were still 
tending to George. Mrs. Weasley had staunched his 
bleeding now, and by the lamplight Harry saw a 
clean, gaping hole where Georges ear had been. 

How is he? 

Mrs. Weasley looked around and said, I cant make it 
grow back, not when its been removed by Dark 
Magic. But it could have been so much worse. ... Hes 
alive. 

Yeah, said Harry. Thank God. 

Did I hear someone else in the yard? Ginny asked. 

Hermione and Kingsley, said Harry. 

Thank goodness, Ginny whispered. They looked at 
each other; Harry wanted to hug her, hold on to her; 
he did not even care much that Mrs. Weasley was 
there, but before he could act on the impulse there 
was a great crash from the kitchen. 



  80 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ill prove who I am, Kingsley, after Ive seen my son, 
now back off if you know whats good for you! 

Harry had never heard Mr. Weasley shout like that 
before. He burst into the living room, his bald patch 
gleaming with sweat, his spectacles askew, Fred right 
behind him, both pale but uninjured. 

Arthur! sobbed Mrs. Weasley. Oh thank goodness! 

How is he? 

Mr. Weasley dropped to his knees beside George. For 
the first time since Harry had known him, Fred 
seemed to be lost for words. He gaped over the back 
of the sofa at his twins wound as if he could not 
believe what he was seeing. 

Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and their 
fathers arrival, George stirred. 

How do you feel, Georgie? whispered Mrs. Weasley. 
Georges fingers groped for the side of his head. 
Saintlike, he murmured. 

Whats wrong with him? croaked Fred, looking 
terrified. Is his mind affected? 

Saintlike, repeated George, opening his eyes and 
looking up at his brother. You see ... Im holy. Hole v, 
Fred, geddit? 

Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever. Color flooded 
Freds pale face. 



  81 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Pathetic, he told George. Pathetic! With the whole 
wide world of earrelated humor before you, you go for 
holey? 

Ah well, said George, grinning at his tearsoaked 
mother. Youll be able to tell us apart now, anyway, 
Mum. 

He looked around. 

Hi, Harry  you are Harry, right? 

Yeah, I am, said Harry, moving closer to the sofa. 

Well, at least we got you back okay, said George. 
Why arent Ron and Bill huddled round my sickbed? 

Theyre not back yet, George, said Mrs. Weasley. 
Georges grin faded. 

Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to 
accompany him back outside. As they walked through 
the kitchen she said in a low voice, Ron and Tonks 
should be back by now. They didnt have a long 
journey; Auntie Muriels not that far from here. 

Harry said nothing. He had been trying to keep fear at 
bay ever since reaching the Burrow, but now it 
enveloped him, seeming to crawl over his skin, 
throbbing in his chest, clogging his throat. As they 
walked down the back steps into the dark yard, Ginny 
took his hand. 

Kingsley was striding backward and forward, glancing 
up at the sky every time he turned. Harry was 
reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a 
million years ago. Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin stood 
shoulder to shoulder, gazing upward in silence. None 



  82 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




of them looked around when Harry and Ginny joined 
their silent vigil. 

The minutes stretched into what might as well have 
been years. The slightest breath of wind made them 
all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree 
in the hope that one of the missing Order members 
might leap unscathed from its leaves  

And then a broom materialized directly above them 
and streaked toward the ground  

Its them! screamed Hermione. 

Tonks landed in a long skid that sent earth and 
pebbles everywhere. 

Remus! Tonks cried as she staggered off the broom 
into Lupins arms. His face was set and white: He 
seemed unable to speak. Ron tripped dazedly toward 
Harry and Hermione. 

Youre okay, he mumbled, before Hermione flew at 
him and hugged him tightly. 

I thought  I thought   

 M all right, said Ron, patting her on the back.  M 
fine. 

Ron was great, said Tonks warmly, relinquishing 
her hold on Lupin. Wonderful. Stunned one of the 
Death Eaters, straight to the head, and when youre 
aiming at a moving target from a flying broom   

You did? said Hermione, gazing up at Ron with her 
arms still around his neck. 



  83 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Always the tone of surprise, he said a little 
grumpily, breaking free. Are we the last back? 

No, said Ginny, were still waiting for Bill and Fleur 
and MadEye and Mundungus. Im going to tell Mum 
and Dad youre okay, Ron   

She ran back inside. 

So what kept you? What happened? Lupin sounded 
almost angry at Tonks. 

Bellatrix, said Tonks. She wants me quite as much 
as she wants Harry, Remus, she tried very hard to kill 
me. I just wish Id got her, I owe Bellatrix. But we 
definitely injured Rodolphus. ... Then we got to Rons 
Auntie Muriels and wed missed our Portkey and she 
was fussing over us   

A muscle was jumping in Lupins jaw. He nodded, but 
seemed unable to say anything else. 

So what happened to you lot? Tonks asked, turning 
to Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley. 

They recounted the stories of their own journeys, but 
all the time the continued absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad 
Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lie upon them like a 
frost, its icy bite harder and harder to ignore. 

Im going to have to get back to Downing Street, I 
should have been there an hour ago, said Kingsley 
finally, after a last sweeping gaze at the sky. Let me 
know when theyre back. 

Lupin nodded. With a wave to the others, Kingsley 
walked away into the darkness toward the gate. Harry 
thought he heard the faintest pop as Kingsley 
Disapparated just beyond the Burrows boundaries. 

  84 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Mr. and Mrs. Weasley came racing down the back 
steps, Ginny behind them. Both parents hugged Ron 
before turning to Lupin and Tonks. 

Thank you, said Mrs. Weasley, for our sons. 

Dont be silly, Molly, said Tonks at once. 

Hows George? asked Lupin. 

Whats wrong with him? piped up Ron. 

Hes lost   

But the end of Mrs. Weasley s sentence was drowned 
in a general outcry: A thestral had just soared into 
sight and landed a few feet from them. Bill and Fleur 
slid from its back, windswept but unhurt. 

Bill! Thank God, thank God   

Mrs. Weasley ran forward, but the hug Bill bestowed 
upon her was perfunctory. Looking directly at his 
father, he said, MadEyes dead. 

Nobody spoke, nobody moved. Harry felt as though 
something inside him was falling, falling through the 
earth, leaving him forever. 

We saw it, said Bill; Fleur nodded, tear tracks 
glittering on her cheeks in the light from the kitchen 
window. It happened just after we broke out of the 
circle: MadEye and Dung were close by us, they were 
heading north too. Voldemort  he can fly  went 
straight for them. Dung panicked, I heard him cry 
out, MadEye tried to stop him, but he Disapparated. 
Voldemorts curse hit MadEye full in the face, he fell 
backward off his broom and  there was nothing we 



  85 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




could do, nothing, we had half a dozen of them on our 
own tail   



Bills voice broke. 

Of course you couldnt have done anything, said 
Lupin. 

They all stood looking at each other. Harry could not 
quite comprehend it. MadEye dead; it could not be. 

... MadEye, so tough, so brave, the consummate 
survivor ... 

At last it seemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody 
said it, that there was no point waiting in the yard 
anymore, and in silence they followed Mr. and Mrs. 
Weasley back into the Burrow, and into the living 
room, where Fred and George were laughing together. 

Whats wrong? said Fred, scanning their faces as 
they entered. Whats happened? Whos  ? 

MadEye, said Mr. Weasley. Dead. 

The twins grins turned to grimaces of shock. Nobody 
seemed to know what to do. Tonks was crying silently 
into a handkerchief: She had been close to MadEye, 
Harry knew, his favorite and his protegee at the 
Ministry of Magic. Hagrid, who had sat down on the 
floor in the corner where he had most space, was 
dabbing at his eyes with his tableclothsized 
handkerchief. 

Bill walked over to the sideboard and pulled out a 
bottle of firewhisky and some glasses. 

Here, he said, and with a wave of his wand he sent 
twelve full glasses soaring through the room to each 
of them, holding the thirteenth aloft. MadEye. 

  86 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




MadEye, they all said, and drank. 

MadEye, echoed Hagrid, a little late, with a hiccup. 

The firewhisky seared Harrys throat. It seemed to 
burn feeling back into him, dispelling the numbness 
and sense of unreality, firing him with something that 
was like courage. 

So Mundungus disappeared? said Lupin, who had 
drained his own glass in one. 

The atmosphere changed at once. Everybody looked 
tense, watching Lupin, both wanting him to go on, it 
seemed to Harry, and slightly afraid of what they 
might hear. 

I know what youre thinking, said Bill, and I 
wondered that too, on the way back here, because 
they seemed to be expecting us, didnt they? But 
Mundungus cant have betrayed us. They didnt know 
there would be seven Harrys, that confused them the 
moment we appeared, and in case youve forgotten, it 
was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of 
skullduggery. Why wouldnt he have told them the 
essential point? I think Dung panicked, its as simple 
as that. He didnt want to come in the first place, but 
MadEye made him, and YouKnowWho went 
straight for them. It was enough to make anyone 
panic. 

YouKnowWho acted exactly as MadEye expected 
him to, sniffed Tonks. MadEye said hed expect the 
real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled 
Aurors. He chased MadEye first, and when 
Mundungus gave them away he switched to Kingsley. 



  87 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yes, and zat eez all very good, snapped Fleur, but 
still eet does not explain ow zey knew we were moving 
Arry tonight, does eet? Somebody must ave been 
careless. Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is 
ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not 
ze ole plan. 

She glared around at them all, tear tracks still etched 
on her beautiful face, silently daring any of them to 
contradict her. Nobody did. The only sound to break 
the silence was that of Hagrid hiccuping from behind 
his handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had 
just risked his own life to save Harrys  Hagrid, 
whom he loved, whom he trusted, who had once been 
tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in 
exchange for a dragons egg. ... 

No, Harry said aloud, and they all looked at him, 
surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified 
his voice. I mean ... if somebody made a mistake, 
Harry went on, and let something slip, I know they 
didnt mean to do it. Its not their fault, he repeated, 
again a little louder than he would usually have 
spoken. Weve got to trust each other. I trust all of 
you, I dont think anyone in this room would ever sell 
me to Voldemort. 

More silence followed his words. They were all looking 
at him; Harry felt a little hot again, and drank some 
more firewhisky for something to do. As he drank, he 
thought of MadEye. MadEye had always been 
scathing about Dumbledores willingness to trust 
people. 

Well said, Harry, said Fred unexpectedly. 

Yeah, ear, ear, said George, with half a glance at 
Fred, the corner of whose mouth twitched. 



  88 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Lupin was wearing an odd expression as he looked at 
Harry. It was close to pitying. 

You think Im a fool? demanded Harry. 

No, I think youre like James, said Lupin, who 
would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to 
mistrust his friends. 

Harry knew what Lupin was getting at: that his father 
had been betrayed by his friend, Peter Pettigrew. He 
felt irrationally angry. He wanted to argue, but Lupin 
had turned away from him, set down his glass upon a 
side table, and addressed Bill, Theres work to do. I 
can ask Kingsley whether   

No, said Bill at once, Ill do it, Ill come. 

Where are you going? said Tonks and Fleur 
together. 

MadEyes body, said Lupin. We need to recover it. 

Cant it  ? began Mrs. Weasley with an appealing 
look at Bill. 

Wait? said Bill. Not unless youd rather the Death 
Eaters took it? 

Nobody spoke. Lupin and Bill said goodbye and left. 

The rest of them now dropped into chairs, all except 
for Harry, who remained standing. The suddenness 
and completeness of death was with them like a 
presence. 

Ive got to go too, said Harry. 



Ten pairs of startled eyes looked at him. 

  89 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dont be silly, Harry, said Mrs. Weasley. What are 
you talking about? 

I cant stay here. 

He rubbed his forehead; it was prickling again, it had 
not hurt like this for more than a year. 

Youre all in danger while Im here. I dont want   

But dont be so silly! said Mrs. Weasley. The whole 
point of tonight was to get you here safely, and thank 
goodness it worked. And Fleurs agreed to get married 
here rather than in France, weve arranged everything 
so that we can all stay together and look after you   

She did not understand; she was making him feel 
worse, not better. 

If Voldemort finds out Im here   

But why should he? asked Mrs. Weasley. 

There are a dozen places you might be now, Harry, 
said Mr. Weasley. Hes got no way of knowing which 
safe house youre in. 

Its not me Im worried for! said Harry. 

We know that, said Mr. Weasley quietly, but it 
would make our efforts tonight seem rather pointless 
if you left. 

Yer not goin anywhere, growled Hagrid. Blimey, 
Harry, after all we wen through ter get you here? 

Yeah, what about my bleeding ear? said George, 
hoisting himself up on his cushions. 



  90 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I know that   



MadEye wouldnt want   

I KNOW! Harry bellowed. 

He felt beleaguered and blackmailed: Did they think 
he did not know what they had done for him, didnt 
they understand that it was for precisely that reason 
that he wanted to go now, before they had to suffer 
any more on his behalf? There was a long and 
awkward silence in which his scar continued to 
prickle and throb, and which was broken at last by 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Wheres Hedwig, Harry? she said coaxingly. We can 
put her up with Pigwidgeon and give her something to 
eat. 

His insides clenched like a fist. He could not tell her 
the truth. He drank the last of his firewhisky to avoid 
answering. 

Wait till it gets out yeh did it again, Harry, said 
Hagrid. Escaped him, fought him off when he was 
right on top of yeh! 

It wasnt me, said Harry flatly. It was my wand. My 
wand acted of its own accord. 

After a few moments, Hermione said gently, But 
thats impossible, Harry. You mean that you did 
magic without meaning to; you reacted instinctively. 

No, said Harry. The bike was falling, I couldnt have 
told you where Voldemort was, but my wand spun in 
my hand and found him and shot a spell at him, and 
it wasnt even a spell I recognized. Ive never made 
gold flames appear before. 

  91 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Often, said Mr. Weasley, when youre in a 
pressured situation you can produce magic you never 
dreamed of. Small children often find, before theyre 
trained   

It wasnt like that, said Harry through gritted teeth. 
His scar was burning: He felt angry and frustrated; he 
hated the idea that they were all imagining him to 
have power to match Voldemorts. 

No one said anything. He knew that they did not 
believe him. Now that he came to think of it, he had 
never heard of a wand performing magic on its own 
before. 

His scar seared with pain; it was all he could do not 
to moan aloud. Muttering about fresh air, he set 
down his glass and left the room. 

As he crossed the dark yard, the great skeletal 
thestral looked up, rustled its enormous batlike 
wings, then resumed its grazing. Harry stopped at the 
gate into the garden, staring out at its overgrown 
plants, rubbing his pounding forehead and thinking 
of Dumbledore. 

Dumbledore would have believed him, he knew it. 
Dumbledore would have known how and why Harrys 
wand had acted independently, because Dumbledore 
always had the answers; he had known about wands, 
had explained to Harry the strange connection that 
existed between his wand and Voldemorts. ... But 
Dumbledore, like MadEye, like Sirius, like his 
parents, like his poor owl, all were gone where Harry 
could never talk to them again. He felt a burning in 
his throat that had nothing to do with firewhisky . . . 



  92 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And then, out of nowhere, the pain in his scar 
peaked. As he clutched his forehead and closed his 
eyes, a voice screamed inside his head. 



 You told me the problem would be solved by using 
anothers wand\ 

And into his mind burst the vision of an emaciated 
old man lying in rags upon a stone floor, screaming, a 
horrible, drawnout scream, a scream of unendurable 
agony. ... 

No! No! I beg you, I beg you. ... 

You lied to Lord Voldemort, Ollivander! 

I did not. ... I swear I did not. ... 

You sought to help Potter, to help him escape me! 

I swear I did not. ... I believed a different wand would 
work. ... 

Explain, then, what happened. Luciuss wand is 
destroyed! 

I cannot understand. ... The connection ... exists 
only ... between your two wands. ... 

Lies! 

Please ... I beg you. ... 

And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand and felt 
Voldemort s surge of vicious anger, saw the frail old 
man on the floor writhe in agony  

Harry? 

  93 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It was over as quickly as it had come: Harry stood 
shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate into the 
garden, his heart racing, his scar still tingling. It was 
several moments before he realized that Ron and 
Hermione were at his side. 

Harry, come back in the house, Hermione 
whispered. You arent still thinking of leaving? 

Yeah, youve got to stay, mate, said Ron, thumping 
Harry on the back. 

Are you all right? Hermione asked, close enough 
now to look into Harrys face. You look awful! 

Well, said Harry shakily, I probably look better 
than Ollivander. ... 

When he had finished telling them what he had seen, 
Ron looked appalled, but Hermione downright 
terrified. 

But it was supposed to have stopped! Your scar  it 
wasnt supposed to do this anymore! You mustnt let 
that connection open up again  Dumbledore wanted 
you to close your mind! 

When he did not reply, she gripped his arm. 

Harry, hes taking over the Ministry and the 
newspapers and half the Wizarding world! Dont let 
him inside your head too! 



  94 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




6 




THE GHOUL IN PAJAMAS 

The shock of losing MadEye hung over the house in 
the days that followed; Harry kept expecting to see 
him stumping in through the back door like the other 
Order members, who passed in and out to relay news. 
Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage his 
feelings of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out 
on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon 
as possible. 

Well, you cant do anything about the  Ron 
mouthed the word Horcruxes  till youre seventeen. 
Youve still got the Trace on you. And we can plan 
here as well as anywhere, cant we? Or, he dropped 
his voice to a whisper, dyou reckon you already 
know where the YouKnowWhats are? 

No, Harry admitted. 

I think Hermiones been doing a bit of research, said 
Ron. She said she was saving it for when you got 
here. 



  95 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



They were sitting at the breakfast table; Mr. Weasley 
and Bill had just left for work. Mrs. Weasley had gone 
upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur 
had drifted off to take a bath. 

The Tracell break on the thirty first, said Harry. 
That means I only need to stay here four days. Then 
I can   

Five days, Ron corrected him firmly. Weve got to 
stay for the wedding. Theyll kill us if we miss it. 

Harry understood they to mean Fleur and Mrs. 
Weasley. 

Its one extra day, said Ron, when Harry looked 
mutinous. 

Dont they realize how important  ? 

 Course they dont, said Ron. They havent got a 
clue. And now you mention it, I wanted to talk to you 
about that. 

Ron glanced toward the door into the hall to check 
that Mrs. Weasley was not returning yet, then leaned 
in closer to Harry. 

Mums been trying to get it out of Hermione and me. 
What were off to do. Shell try you next, so brace 
yourself. Dad and Lupin ve both asked as well, but 
when we said Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone 
except us, they dropped it. Not Mum, though. Shes 
determined. 

Rons prediction came true within hours. Shortly 
before lunch, Mrs. Weasley detached Harry from the 
others by asking him to help identify a lone mans 
sock that she thought might have come out of his 

  96 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




rucksack. Once she had him cornered in the tiny 
scullery off the kitchen, she started. 

Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of 
you are dropping out of Hogwarts, she began in a 
light, casual tone. 

Oh, said Harry. Well, yeah. We are. 

The mangle turned of its own accord in a corner, 
wringing out what looked like one of Mr. Weasleys 
vests. 

May I ask why you are abandoning your education? 
said Mrs. Weasley. 

Well, Dumbledore left me ... stuff to do, mumbled 
Harry. Ron and Hermione know about it, and they 
want to come too. 

What sort of stuff? 

Im sorry, I cant   

Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to 
know, and Im sure Mr. and Mrs. Granger would 
agree! said Mrs. Weasley. Harry had been afraid of 
the concerned parent attack. He forced himself to 
look directly into her eyes, noticing as he did so that 
they were precisely the same shade of brown as 
Ginnys. This did not help. 

Dumbledore didnt want anyone else to know, Mrs. 
Weasley. Im sorry. Ron and Hermione dont have to 
come, its their choice   

I dont see that you have to go either! she snapped, 
dropping all pretense now. Youre barely of age, any 
of you! Its utter nonsense, if Dumbledore needed 

  97 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




work doing, he had the whole Order at his command! 
Harry, you must have misunderstood him. Probably 
he was telling you something he wanted done, and 
you took it to mean that he wanted you   

I didnt misunderstand, said Harry flatly. Its got to 
be me. 

He handed her back the single sock he was supposed 
to be identifying, which was patterned with golden 
bulrushes. 

And thats not mine, I dont support Puddlemere 
United. 

Oh, of course not, said Mrs. Weasley with a sudden 
and rather unnerving return to her casual tone. I 
should have realized. Well, Harry, while weve still got 
you here, you wont mind helping with the 
preparations for Bill and Fleurs wedding, will you? 
Theres still so much to do. 

No  I  of course not, said Harry, disconcerted by 
this sudden change of subject. 

Sweet of you, she replied, and she smiled as she left 
the scullery. 

From that moment on, Mrs. Weasley kept Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione so busy with preparations for the 
wedding that they hardly had any time to think. The 
kindest explanation of this behavior would have been 
that Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them all from 
thoughts of MadEye and the terrors of their recent 
journey. After two days of nonstop cutlery cleaning, of 
colormatching favors, ribbons, and flowers, of de 
gnoming the garden and helping Mrs. Weasley cook 
vast batches of canapes, however, Harry started to 
suspect her of a different motive. All the jobs she 
  98 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




handed out seemed to keep him, Ron, and Hermione 
away from one another; he had not had a chance to 
speak to the two of them alone since the first night, 
when he had told them about Voldemort torturing 
Ollivander. 

I think Mum thinks that if she can stop the three of 
you getting together and planning, shell be able to 
delay you leaving, Ginny told Harry in an undertone, 
as they laid the table for dinner on the third night of 
his stay. 

And then what does she thinks going to happen? 
Harry muttered. Someone else might kill off 
Voldemort while shes holding us here making volau 
vents? 

He had spoken without thinking, and saw Ginnys 
face whiten. 

So its true? she said. Thats what youre trying to 
do? 

I  not  I was joking, said Harry evasively. 

They stared at each other, and there was something 
more than shock in Ginnys expression. Suddenly 
Harry became aware that this was the first time that 
he had been alone with her since those stolen hours 
in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. He was 
sure she was remembering them too. Both of them 
jumped as the door opened, and Mr. Weasley, 
Kingsley, and Bill walked in. 

They were often joined by other Order members for 
dinner now, because the Burrow had replaced 
number twelve, Grimmauld Place as the 
headquarters. Mr. Weasley had explained that after 
the death of Dumbledore, their SecretKeeper, each of 
  99 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the people to whom Dumbledore had confided 
Grimmauld Places location had become a Secret 
Keeper in turn. 

And as there are around twenty of us, that greatly 
dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. Twenty times 
as many opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the 
secret out of somebody. We cant expect it to hold 
much longer. 

But surely Snape will have told the Death Eaters the 
address by now? asked Harry. 

Well, MadEye set up a couple of curses against 
Snape in case he turns up there again. We hope 
theyll be strong enough both to keep him out and to 
bind his tongue if he tries to talk about the place, but 
we cant be sure. It would have been insane to keep 
using the place as headquarters now that its 
protection has become so shaky. 

The kitchen was so crowded that evening it was 
difficult to maneuver knives and forks. Harry found 
himself crammed beside Ginny; the unsaid things 
that had just passed between them made him wish 
they had been separated by a few more people. He 
was trying so hard to avoid brushing her arm he 
could barely cut his chicken. 

No news about MadEye? Harry asked Bill. 

Nothing, replied Bill. 

They had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody, 
because Bill and Lupin had failed to recover his body. 
It had been difficult to know where he might have 
fallen, given the darkness and the confusion of the 
battle. 



  100 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The Daily Prophet hasnt said a word about him 
dying or about finding the body, Bill went on. But 
that doesnt mean much. Its keeping a lot quiet these 
days. 

And they still havent called a hearing about all the 
underage magic I used escaping the Death Eaters? 
Harry called across the table to Mr. Weasley, who 
shook his head. 

Because they know I had no choice or because they 
dont want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked 
me? 

The latter, I think. Scrimgeour doesnt want to admit 
that YouKnowWho is as powerful as he is, nor that 
Azkabans seen a mass breakout. 

Yeah, why tell the public the truth? said Harry, 
clenching his knife so tightly that the faint scars on 
the back of his right hand stood out, white against his 
skin: I must not tell lies. 

Isnt anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to 
him? asked Ron angrily. 

Of course, Ron, but people are terrified, Mr. Weasley 
replied, terrified that they will be next to disappear, 
their children the next to be attacked! There are nasty 
rumors going around; I for one dont believe the 
Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. She 
hasnt been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile 
Scrimgeour remains shut up in his office all day: I 
just hope hes working on a plan. 

There was a pause in which Mrs. Weasley magicked 
the empty plates onto the work surface and served 
apple tart. 



  101 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We must decide ow you will be disguised, Arry, said 
Fleur, once everyone had pudding. For ze wedding, 
she added, when he looked confused. Of course, 
none of our guests are Death Eaters, but we cannot 
guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey 
ave ad champagne. 

From this, Harry gathered that she still suspected 
Hagrid. 

Yes, good point, said Mrs. Weasley from the top of 
the table, where she sat, spectacles perched on the 
end of her nose, scanning an immense list of jobs that 
she had scribbled on a very long piece of parchment. 
Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet? 

 Why? exclaimed Ron, slamming his spoon down and 
glaring at his mother. Why does my room have to be 
cleaned out? Harry and I are fine with it the way it is! 

We are holding your brothers wedding here in a few 
days time, young man   

And are they getting married in my bedroom? asked 
Ron furiously. No! So why in the name of Merlins 
saggy left   

Dont talk to your mother like that, said Mr. Weasley 
firmly. And do as youre told. 

Ron scowled at both his parents, then picked up his 
spoon and attacked the last few mouthfuls of his 
apple tart. 

I can help, some of its my mess, Harry told Ron, 
but Mrs. Weasley cut across him. 

No, Harry, dear, Id much rather you helped Arthur 
muck out the chickens, and Hermione, Id be ever so 

  102 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




grateful if youd change the sheets for Monsieur and 
Madame Delacour; you know theyre arriving at 
eleven tomorrow morning. 

But as it turned out, there was very little to do for the 
chickens. Theres no need to, er, mention it to Molly, 
Mr. Weasley told Harry, blocking his access to the 
coop, but, er, Ted Tonks sent me most of what was 
left of Siriuss bike and, er, Im hiding  thats to say, 
keeping  it in here. Fantastic stuff: Theres an 
exhaust gaskin, as I believe its called, the most 
magnificent battery, and itll be a great opportunity to 
find out how brakes work. Im going to try and put it 
all back together again when Mollys not  I mean, 
when Ive got time. 

When they returned to the house, Mrs. Weasley was 
nowhere to be seen, so Harry slipped upstairs to 
Rons attic bedroom. 

Im doing it, Im doing  ! Oh, its you, said Ron in 
relief, as Harry entered the room. Ron lay back down 
on the bed, which he had evidently just vacated. The 
room was just as messy as it had been all week; the 
only change was that Hermione was now sitting in the 
far corner, her fluffy ginger cat, Crookshanks, at her 
feet, sorting books, some of which Harry recognized 
as his own, into two enormous piles. 

Hi, Harry, she said, as he sat down on his camp 
bed. 

And how did you manage to get away? 

Oh, Rons mum forgot that she asked Ginny and me 
to change the sheets yesterday, said Hermione. She 
threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and 
The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts onto the other. 



  103 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We were just talking about MadEye, Ron told 
Harry. I reckon he might have survived. 

But Bill saw him hit by the Killing Curse, said 
Harry. 

Yeah, but Bill was under attack too, said Ron. How 
can he be sure what he saw? 

Even if the Killing Curse missed, MadEye still fell 
about a thousand feet, said Hermione, now weighing 
Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland in her hand. 

He could have used a Shield Charm   

Fleur said his wand was blasted out of his hand, 
said Harry. 

Well, all right, if you want him to be dead, said Ron 
grumpily, punching his pillow into a more 
comfortable shape. 

Of course we dont want him to be dead! said 
Hermione, looking shocked. Its dreadful that hes 
dead! But were being realistic! 

For the first time, Harry imagined MadEyes body, 
broken as Dumbledores had been, yet with that one 
eye still whizzing in its socket. He felt a stab of 
revulsion mixed with a bizarre desire to laugh. 

The Death Eaters probably tidied up after 
themselves, thats why no ones found him, said Ron 
wisely. 

Yeah, said Harry. Like Barty Crouch, turned into a 
bone and buried in Hagrids front garden. They 
probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him   



  104 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dont! squealed Hermione. Startled, Harry looked 
over just in time to see her burst into tears over her 
copy of Spellmans Syllabary. 

Oh no, said Harry, struggling to get up from the old 
camp bed. Hermione, I wasnt trying to upset   

But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings, Ron 
bounded off the bed and got there first. One arm 
around Hermione, he fished in his jeans pocket and 
withdrew a revoltinglooking handkerchief that he 
had used to clean out the oven earlier. Hastily pulling 
out his wand, he pointed it at the rag and said, 

 Tergeo . 

The wand siphoned off most of the grease. Looking 
rather pleased with himself, Ron handed the slightly 
smoking handkerchief to Hermione. 

Oh ... thanks, Ron. ... Im sorry. ... She blew her 
nose and hiccuped. Its just so awfful, isnt it? R 
right after Dumbledore ... I jjust nnever imagined 
MadEye dying, somehow, he seemed so tough! 

Yeah, I know, said Ron, giving her a squeeze. But 
you know what hed say to us if he was here? 

 Cconstant vigilance,  said Hermione, mopping her 
eyes. 

Thats right, said Ron, nodding. Hed tell us to learn 
from what happened to him. And what Ive learned is 
not to trust that cowardly little squit, Mundungus. 

Hermione gave a shaky laugh and leaned forward to 
pick up two more books. A second later, Ron had 
snatched his arm back from around her shoulders; 
she had dropped The Monster Book of Monsters on his 



  105 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




foot. The book had broken free from its restraining 
belt and snapped viciously at Rons ankle. 



Im sorry, Im sorry! Hermione cried as Harry 
wrenched the book from Rons leg and retied it shut. 

What are you doing with all those books anyway? 
Ron asked, limping back to his bed. 

Just trying to decide which ones to take with us, 
said Hermione. When were looking for the 
Horcruxes. 

Oh, of course, said Ron, clapping a hand to his 
forehead. I forgot well be hunting down Voldemort in 
a mobile library. 

Ha ha, said Hermione, looking down at Spellmans 
Syllabary. I wonder ... will we need to translate 
runes? Its possible. ... I think wed better take it, to 
be safe. 

She dropped the syllabary onto the larger of the two 
piles and picked up Hogwarts, A History. 

Listen, said Harry. 

He had sat up straight. Ron and Hermione looked at 
him with similar mixtures of resignation and defiance. 

I know you said after Dumbledores funeral that you 
wanted to come with me, Harry began. 

Here he goes, Ron said to Hermione, rolling his eyes. 

As we knew he would, she sighed, turning back to 
the books. You know, I think I will take Hogwarts, A 
History. Even if were not going back there, I dont 
think Id feel right if I didnt have it with   

  106 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Listen! said Harry again. 



No, Harry, you listen, said Hermione. Were coming 
with you. That was decided months ago  years, 
really. 

But   

Shut up, Ron advised him. 

  are you sure youve thought this through? Harry 
persisted. 

Lets see, said Hermione, slamming Travels with 
Trolls onto the discarded pile with a rather fierce look. 
Ive been packing for days, so were ready to leave at 
a moments notice, which for your information has 
included doing some pretty difficult magic, not to 
mention smuggling MadEyes whole stock of 
Polyjuice Potion right under Rons mums nose. 

Ive also modified my parents memories so that 
theyre convinced theyre really called Wendell and 
Monica Wilkins, and that their lifes ambition is to 
move to Australia, which they have now done. Thats 
to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them 
down and interrogate them about me  or you, 
because unfortunately, Ive told them quite a bit 
about you. 

Assuming I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes, Ill 
find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment. If I dont 
 well, I think Ive cast a good enough charm to keep 
them safe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkins 
dont know that theyve got a daughter, you see. 

Hermiones eyes were swimming with tears again. Ron 
got back off the bed, put his arm around her once 
more, and frowned at Harry as though reproaching 

  107 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




him for lack of tact. Harry could not think of anything 
to say, not least because it was highly unusual for 
Ron to be teaching anyone else tact. 

I  Hermione, Im sorry  I didnt   

Didnt realize that Ron and I know perfectly well 
what might happen if we come with you? Well, we do. 
Ron, show Harry what youve done. 

Nah, hes just eaten, said Ron. 

Go on, he needs to know! 

Oh, all right. Harry, come here. 

For the second time Ron withdrew his arm from 
around Hermione and stumped over to the door. 

Cmon. 

Why? Harry asked, following Ron out of the room 
onto the tiny landing. 

 Descendo, muttered Ron, pointing his wand at the 
low ceiling. A hatch opened right over their heads and 
a ladder slid down to their feet. A horrible, half 
sucking, halfmoaning sound came out of the square 
hole, along with an unpleasant smell like open drains. 

Thats your ghoul, isnt it? asked Harry, who had 
never actually met the creature that sometimes 
disrupted the nightly silence. 

Yeah, it is, said Ron, climbing the ladder. Come 
and have a look at him. 

Harry followed Ron up the few short steps into the 
tiny attic space. His head and shoulders were in the 

  108 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




room before he caught sight of the creature curled up 
a few feet from him, fast asleep in the gloom with its 
large mouth wide open. 

But it ... it looks ... do ghouls normally wear 
pajamas? 

No, said Ron. Nor have they usually got red hair or 
that number of pustules. 

Harry contemplated the thing, slightly revolted. It was 
human in shape and size, and was wearing what, now 
that Harrys eyes became used to the darkness, was 
clearly an old pair of Rons pajamas. He was also sure 
that ghouls were generally rather slimy and bald, 
rather than distinctly hairy and covered in angry 
purple blisters. 

Hes me, see? said Ron. 

No, said Harry. I dont. 

Ill explain it back in my room, the smells getting to 
me, said Ron. They climbed back down the ladder, 
which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined 
Hermione, who was still sorting books. 

Once weve left, the ghouls going to come and live 
down here in my room, said Ron. I think hes really 
looking forward to it  well, its hard to tell, because 
all he can do is moan and drool  but he nods a lot 
when you mention it. Anyway, hes going to be me 
with spattergroit. Good, eh? 

Harry merely looked his confusion. 

It is! said Ron, clearly frustrated that Harry had not 
grasped the brilliance of the plan. Look, when we 
three dont turn up at Hogwarts again, everyones 

  109 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




going to think Hermione and I must be with you, 
right? Which means the Death Eaters will go straight 
for our families to see if theyve got information on 
where you are. 

But hopefully itll look like Ive gone away with Mum 
and Dad; a lot of Muggleborns are talking about 
going into hiding at the moment, said Hermione. 

We cant hide my whole family, itll look too fishy and 
they cant all leave their jobs, said Ron. So were 
going to put out the story that Im seriously ill with 
spattergroit, which is why I cant go back to school. If 
anyone comes calling to investigate, Mum or Dad can 
show them the ghoul in my bed, covered in pustules. 
Spattergroit s really contagious, so theyre not going 
to want to go near him. It wont matter that he cant 
say anything, either, because apparently you cant 
once the fungus has spread to your uvula. 

And your mum and dad are in on this plan? asked 
Harry. 

Dad is. He helped Fred and George transform the 
ghoul. Mum ... well, youve seen what shes like. She 
wont accept were going till weve gone. 

There was silence in the room, broken only by gentle 
thuds as Hermione continued to throw books onto 
one pile or the other. Ron sat watching her, and Harry 
looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. 
The measures they had taken to protect their families 
made him realize, more than anything else could have 
done, that they really were going to come with him 
and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would 
be. He wanted to tell them what that meant to him, 
but he simply could not find words important enough. 



  110 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Through the silence came the muffled sounds of Mrs. 
Weasley shouting from four floors below. 

Ginnys probably left a speck of dust on a poxy 
napkin ring, said Ron. I dunno why the Delacours 
have got to come two days before the wedding. 

Fleurs sisters a bridesmaid, she needs to be here for 
the rehearsal, and shes too young to come on her 
own, said Hermione, as she pored indecisively over 
Break with a Banshee. 

Well, guests arent going to help Mums stress levels, 
said Ron. 

What we really need to decide, said Hermione, 
tossing Defensive Magical Theory into the bin without 
a second glance and picking up An Appraisal of 
Magical Education in Europe, is where were going 
after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go 
to Godrics Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, 
but ... well ... shouldnt we make the Horcruxes our 
priority? 

If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, Id 
agree with you, said Harry, who did not believe that 
Hermione really understood his desire to return to 
Godrics Hollow. His parents graves were only part of 
the attraction: He had a strong, though inexplicable, 
feeling that the place held answers for him. Perhaps it 
was simply because it was there that he had survived 
Voldemorts Killing Curse; now that he was facing the 
challenge of repeating the feat, Harry was drawn to 
the place where it had happened, wanting to 
understand. 

Dont you think theres a possibility that Voldemorts 
keeping a watch on Godrics Hollow? Hermione 
asked. He might expect you to go back and visit your 

  111 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




parents graves once youre free to go wherever you 
like? 



This had not occurred to Harry. While he struggled to 
find a counterargument, Ron spoke up, evidently 
following his own train of thought. 

This R.A.B. person, he said. You know, the one who 
stole the real locket? 

Hermione nodded. 

He said in his note he was going to destroy it, didnt 
he? 

Harry dragged his rucksack toward him and pulled 
out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B. s note was still 
folded. 

  I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy 
it as soon as I can,  Harry read out. 

Well, what if he did finish it off? said Ron. 

Or she, interposed Hermione. 

Whichever, said Ron, itd be one less for us to do! 

Yes, but were still going to have to try and trace the 
real locket, arent we? said Hermione, to find out 
whether or not its destroyed. 

And once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a 
Horcrux? asked Ron. 

Well, said Hermione, Ive been researching that. 

How? asked Harry. I didnt think there were any 
books on Horcruxes in the library? 

  112 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There werent, said Hermione, who had turned pink. 
Dumbledore removed them all, but he  he didnt 
destroy them. 

Ron sat up straight, wideeyed. 

How in the name of Merlins pants have you 
managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books? 

It  it wasnt stealing! said Hermione, looking from 
Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation. They were 
still library books, even if Dumbledore had taken 
them off the shelves. Anyway, if he really didnt want 
anyone to get at them, Im sure he would have made 
it much harder to   

Get to the point! said Ron. 

Well ... it was easy, said Hermione in a small voice. 

I just did a Summoning Charm. You know  Accio. 
And  they zoomed out of Dumbledore s study 
window right into the girls dormitory. 

But when did you do this? Harry asked, regarding 
Hermione with a mixture of admiration and 
incredulity. 

Just after his  Dumbledores  funeral, said 
Hermione in an even smaller voice. Right after we 
agreed wed leave school and go and look for the 
Horcruxes. When I went back upstairs to get my 
things it  it just occurred to me that the more we 
knew about them, the better it would be ... and I was 
alone in there ... so I tried ... and it worked. They flew 
straight in through the open window and I  I packed 
them. 

She swallowed and then said imploringly, I cant 
believe Dumbledore would have been angry, its not 

  113 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




as though were going to use the information to make 
a Horcrux, is it? 

Can you hear us complaining? said Ron. Where are 
these books anyway? 

Hermione rummaged for a moment and then 
extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded 
black leather. She looked a little nauseated and held 
it as gingerly as if it were something recently dead. 

This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how 
to make a Horcrux. Secrets of the Darkest Art  its a 
horrible book, really awful, full of evil magic. I wonder 
when Dumbledore removed it from the library. ... If he 
didnt do it until he was headmaster, I bet Voldemort 
got all the instruction he needed from here. 

Why did he have to ask Slughorn how to make a 
Horcrux, then, if hed already read that? asked Ron. 

He only approached Slughorn to find out what would 
happen if you split your soul into seven, said Harry. 
Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to 
make a Horcrux by the time he asked Slughorn about 
them. I think youre right, Hermione, that could easily 
have been where he got the information. 

And the more Ive read about them, said Hermione, 
the more horrible they seem, and the less I can 
believe that he actually made six. It warns in this 
book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by 
ripping it, and thats just by making one Horcrux! 

Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about 
Voldemort moving beyond usual evil. 

Isnt there any way of putting yourself back 
together? Ron asked. 

  114 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yes, said Hermione with a hollow smile, but it 
would be excruciatingly painful. 

Why? How do you do it? asked Harry. 

Remorse, said Hermione. Youve got to really feel 
what youve done. Theres a footnote. Apparently the 
pain of it can destroy you. I cant see Voldemort 
attempting it somehow, can you? 

No, said Ron, before Harry could answer. So does it 
say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book? 

Yes, said Hermione, now turning the fragile s as 
if examining rotting entrails, because it warns Dark 
wizards how strong they have to make the 
enchantments on them. From all that Ive read, what 
Harry did to Riddles diary was one of the few really 
foolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux. 

What, stabbing it with a basilisk fang? asked Harry. 

Oh well, lucky weve got such a large supply of 
basilisk fangs, then, said Ron. I was wondering 
what we were going to do with them. 

It doesnt have to be a basilisk fang, said Hermione 
patiently. It has to be something so destructive that 
the Horcrux cant repair itself. Basilisk venom only 
has one antidote, and its incredibly rare   

  phoenix tears, said Harry, nodding. 

Exactly, said Hermione. Our problem is that there 
are very few substances as destructive as basilisk 
venom, and theyre all dangerous to carry around 
with you. Thats a problem were going to have to 
solve, though, because ripping, smashing, or 



  115 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




crushing a Horcrux wont do the trick. Youve got to 
put it beyond magical repair. 

But even if we wreck the thing it lives in, said Ron, 
why cant the bit of soul in it just go and live in 
something else? 

Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a 
human being. 

Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly 
confused, Hermione hurried on, Look, if I picked up 
a sword right now, Ron, and ran you through with it, 

I wouldnt damage your soul at all. 

Which would be a real comfort to me, Im sure, said 
Ron. Harry laughed. 

It should be, actually! But my point is that whatever 
happens to your body, your soul will survive, 
untouched, said Hermione. But its the other way 
round with a Horcrux. The fragment of soul inside it 
depends on its container, its enchanted body, for 
survival. It cant exist without it. 

That diary sort of died when I stabbed it, said Harry, 
remembering ink pouring like blood from the 
punctured s, and the screams of the piece of 
Voldemorts soul as it vanished. 

And once the diary was properly destroyed, the bit of 
soul trapped in it could no longer exist. Ginny tried to 
get rid of the diary before you did, flushing it away, 
but obviously it came back good as new. 

Hang on, said Ron, frowning. The bit of soul in that 
diary was possessing Ginny, wasnt it? How does that 
work, then? 



  116 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




While the magical container is still intact, the bit of 
soul inside it can flit in and out of someone if they get 
too close to the object. I dont mean holding it for too 
long, its nothing to do with touching it, she added 
before Ron could speak. I mean close emotionally. 
Ginny poured her heart out into that diary, she made 
herself incredibly vulnerable. Youre in trouble if you 
get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux. 

I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring? said 
Harry. Why didnt I ask him? I never really ... 

His voice tailed away: He was thinking of all the 
things he should have asked Dumbledore, and of 
how, since the headmaster had died, it seemed to 
Harry that he had wasted so many opportunities 
when Dumbledore had been alive, to find out more ... 
to find out everything. . . . 

The silence was shattered as the bedroom door flew 
open with a wallshaking crash. Hermione shrieked 
and dropped Secrets of the Darkest Art; Crookshanks 
streaked under the bed, hissing indignantly; Ron 
jumped off the bed, skidded on a discarded Chocolate 
Frog wrapper, and smacked his head on the opposite 
wall; and Harry instinctively dived for his wand before 
realizing that he was looking up at Mrs. Weasley, 
whose hair was disheveled and whose face was 
contorted with rage. 

Im so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering, 
she said, her voice trembling. Im sure you all need 
your rest . . . but there are wedding presents stacked 
in my room that need sorting out and I was under the 
impression that you had agreed to help. 

Oh yes, said Hermione, looking terrified as she leapt 
to her feet, sending books flying in every direction, 

we will ... were sorry ... 

  117 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




With an anguished look at Harry and Ron, Hermione 
hurried out of the room after Mrs. Weasley. 

Its like being a houseelf, complained Ron in an 
undertone, still massaging his head as he and Harry 
followed. Except without the job satisfaction. The 
sooner this weddings over, the happier Ill be. 

Yeah, said Harry, then well have nothing to do 
except find Horcruxes. ... Itll be like a holiday, wont 
it? 



Ron started to laugh, but at the sight of the enormous 
pile of wedding presents waiting for them in Mrs. 
Weasleys room, stopped quite abruptly. 

The Delacours arrived the following morning at eleven 
oclock. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were feeling 
quite resentful toward Fleurs family by this time, and 
it was with ill grace that Ron stumped back upstairs 
to put on matching socks, and Harry attempted to 
flatten his hair. Once they had all been deemed smart 
enough, they trooped out into the sunny backyard to 
await the visitors. 

Harry had never seen the place looking so tidy. The 
rusty cauldrons and old Wellington boots that usually 
littered the steps by the back door were gone, 
replaced by two new Flutterby bushes standing either 
side of the door in large pots; though there was no 
breeze, the leaves waved lazily, giving an attractive 
rippling effect. The chickens had been shut away, the 
yard had been swept, and the nearby garden had 
been pruned, plucked, and generally spruced up, 
although Harry, who liked it in its overgrown state, 
thought that it looked rather forlorn without its usual 
contingent of capering gnomes. 



  118 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He had lost track of how many security enchantments 
had been placed upon the Burrow by both the Order 
and the Ministry; all he knew was that it was no 
longer possible for anybody to travel by magic directly 
into the place. Mr. Weasley had therefore gone to 
meet the Delacours on top of a nearby hill, where they 
were to arrive by Portkey. The first sound of their 
approach was an unusually highpitched laugh, 
which turned out to be coming from Mr. Weasley, who 
appeared at the gate moments later, laden with 
luggage and leading a beautiful blonde woman in 
long, leafgreen robes, who could only be Fleurs 
mother. 

Maman! cried Fleur, rushing forward to embrace 
her. Papa! 

Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as 
his wife; he was a head shorter and extremely plump, 
with a little, pointed black beard. However, he looked 
goodnatured. Bouncing toward Mrs. Weasley on 
highheeled boots, he kissed her twice on each cheek, 
leaving her flustered. 

You ave been to much trouble, he said in a deep 
voice. Fleur tells us you ave been working very ard. 

Oh, its been nothing, nothing! trilled Mrs. Weasley. 
No trouble at all! 

Ron relieved his feelings by aiming a kick at a gnome 
who was peering out from behind one of the new 
Flutterby bushes. 

Dear lady! said Monsieur Delacour, still holding 
Mrs. Weasleys hand between his own two plump 
ones and beaming. We are most honored at the 
approaching union of our two families! Let me present 
my wife, Apolline. 

  119 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Madame Delacour glided forward and stooped to kiss 
Mrs. Weasley too. 

 Enchantee, she said. Your usband as been telling 
us such amusing stories! 

Mr. Weasley gave a maniacal laugh; Mrs. Weasley 
threw him a look, upon which he became immediately 
silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the 
sickbed of a close friend. 

And, of course, you ave met my leetle daughter, 
Gabrielle! said Monsieur Delacour. Gabrielle was 
Fleur in miniature; eleven years old, with waistlength 
hair of pure, silvery blonde, she gave Mrs. Weasley a 
dazzling smile and hugged her, then threw Harry a 
glowing look, batting her eyelashes. Ginny cleared her 
throat loudly. 

Well, come in, do! said Mrs. Weasley brightly, and 
she ushered the Delacours into the house, with many 
No, please!s and After you!s and Not at all!s. 

The Delacours, it soon transpired, were helpful, 
pleasant guests. They were pleased with everything 
and keen to assist with the preparations for the 
wedding. Monsieur Delacour pronounced everything 
from the seating plan to the bridesmaids shoes 
Charmanti Madame Delacour was most 
accomplished at household spells and had the oven 
properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed her 
elder sister around, trying to assist in any way she 
could and jabbering away in rapid French. 

On the downside, the Burrow was not built to 
accommodate so many people. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley 
were now sleeping in the sitting room, having shouted 
down Monsieur and Madame Delacours protests and 
insisted they take their bedroom. Gabrielle was 
  120 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




sleeping with Fleur in Percys old room, and Bill 
would be sharing with Charlie, his best man, once 
Charlie arrived from Romania. Opportunities to make 
plans together became virtually nonexistent, and it 
was in desperation that Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
took to volunteering to feed the chickens just to 
escape the overcrowded house. 

But she still wont leave us alone! snarled Ron, as 
their second attempt at a meeting in the yard was 
foiled by the appearance of Mrs. Weasley carrying a 
large basket of laundry in her arms. 

Oh, good, youve fed the chickens, she called as she 
approached them. Wed better shut them away again 
before the men arrive tomorrow ... to put up the tent 
for the wedding, she explained, pausing to lean 
against the henhouse. She looked exhausted. 
Millamants Magic Marquees ... theyre very good, 
Bills escorting them. ... Youd better stay inside while 
theyre here, Harry. I must say it does complicate 
organizing a wedding, having all these security spells 
around the place. 

Im sorry, said Harry humbly. 

Oh, dont be silly, dear! said Mrs. Weasley at once. I 
didnt mean  well, your safetys much more 
important! Actually, Ive been wanting to ask you how 
you want to celebrate your birthday, Harry. 

Seventeen, after all, its an important day. ... 

I dont want a fuss, said Harry quickly, envisaging 
the additional strain this would put on them all. 
Really, Mrs. Weasley, just a normal dinner would be 
fine. ... Its the day before the wedding. ... 

Oh, well, if youre sure, dear. Ill invite Remus and 
Tonks, shall I? And how about Hagrid? 

  121 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Thatd be great, said Harry. But please dont go to 
loads of trouble. 

Not at all, not at all ... Its no trouble. ... 

She looked at him, a long, searching look, then smiled 
a little sadly, straightened up, and walked away. 

Harry watched as she waved her wand near the 
washing line, and the damp clothes rose into the air 
to hang themselves up, and suddenly he felt a great 
wave of remorse for the inconvenience and the pain 
he was giving her. 



  122 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




7 




THE WILL OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE 

He was walking along a mountain road in the cool 
blue light of dawn. Far below, swathed in mist, was 
the shadow of a small town. Was the man he sought 
down there, the man he needed so badly he could 
think of little else, the man who held the answer, the 
answer to his problem . . . ? 

Oi, wake up. 

Harry opened his eyes. He was lying again on the 
camp bed in Rons dingy attic room. The sun had not 
yet risen and the room was still shadowy. Pigwidgeon 
was asleep with his head under his tiny wing. The 
scar on Harrys forehead was prickling. 

You were muttering in your sleep. 

Was I? 

Yeah. Gregorovitch. You kept saying Gregorovitch. 



  123 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Harry was not wearing his glasses; Rons face 
appeared slightly blurred. 



Whos Gregorovitch? 

I dunno, do I? You were the one saying it. 

Harry rubbed his forehead, thinking. He had a vague 
idea he had heard the name before, but he could not 
think where. 

I think Voldemorts looking for him. 

Poor bloke, said Ron fervently. 

Harry sat up, still rubbing his scar, now wide awake. 
He tried to remember exactly what he had seen in the 
dream, but all that came back was a mountainous 
horizon and the outline of the little village cradled in a 
deep valley. 

I think hes abroad. 

Who, Gregorovitch? 

Voldemort. I think hes somewhere abroad, looking 
for Gregorovitch. It didnt look like anywhere in 
Britain. 

You reckon you were seeing into his mind again? 
Ron sounded worried. 

Do me a favor and dont tell Hermione, said Harry. 
Although how she expects me to stop seeing stuff in 
my sleep ... 

He gazed up at little Pigwidgeons cage, thinking ... 
Why was the name Gregorovitch familiar? 

  124 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I think, he said slowly, hes got something to do 
with Quidditch. Theres some connection, but I cant 
 I cant think what it is. 

Quidditch? said Ron. Sure youre not thinking of 
Gorgovitch? 

Who? 

Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the 
Chudley Cannons for a record fee two years ago. 
Record holder for most Quaffle drops in a season. 

No, said Harry. Im definitely not thinking of 
Gorgovitch. 

I try not to either, said Ron. Well, happy birthday 
anyway. 

Wow  thats right, I forgot! Im seventeen! 

Harry seized the wand lying beside his camp bed, 
pointed it at the cluttered desk where he had left his 
glasses, and said, Accio Glasses! Although they were 
only around a foot away, there was something 
immensely satisfying about seeing them zoom toward 
him, at least until they poked him in the eye. 

Slick, snorted Ron. 

Reveling in the removal of his Trace, Harry sent Rons 
possessions flying around the room, causing 
Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around 
his cage. Harry also tried tying the laces of his 
trainers by magic (the resultant knot took several 
minutes to untie by hand) and, purely for the 
pleasure of it, turned the orange robes on Rons 
Chudley Cannons posters bright blue. 



  125 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Id do your fly by hand, though, Ron advised Harry, 
sniggering when Harry immediately checked it. 

Heres your present. Unwrap it up here, its not for 
my mothers eyes. 

A book? said Harry as he took the rectangular 
parcel. Bit of a departure from tradition, isnt it? 

This isnt your average book, said Ron. Its pure 
gold: Twelve FailSafe Ways to Charm Witches. 
Explains everything you need to know about girls. If 
only Id had this last year Id have known exactly how 
to get rid of Lavender and I wouldve known how to 
get going with ... Well, Fred and George gave me a 
copy, and Ive learned a lot. Youd be surprised, its 
not all about wandwork, either. 

When they arrived in the kitchen they found a pile of 
presents waiting on the table. Bill and Monsieur 
Delacour were finishing their breakfasts, while Mrs. 
Weasley stood chatting to them over the frying pan. 

Arthur told me to wish you a happy seventeenth, 
Harry, said Mrs. Weasley, beaming at him. He had 
to leave early for work, but hell be back for dinner. 
Thats our present on top. 

Harry sat down, took the square parcel she had 
indicated, and unwrapped it. Inside was a watch very 
like the one Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had given Ron for 
his seventeenth; it was gold, with stars circling 
around the face instead of hands. 

Its traditional to give a wizard a watch when he 
comes of age, said Mrs. Weasley, watching him 
anxiously from beside the cooker. Im afraid that one 
isnt new like Rons, it was actually my brother 
Fabians and he wasnt terribly careful with his 
possessions, its a bit dented on the back, but   
  126 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The rest of her speech was lost; Harry had got up and 
hugged her. He tried to put a lot of unsaid things into 
the hug and perhaps she understood them, because 
she patted his cheek clumsily when he released her, 
then waved her wand in a slightly random way, 
causing half a pack of bacon to flop out of the frying 
pan onto the floor. 

Happy birthday, Harry! said Hermione, hurrying 
into the kitchen and adding her own present to the 
top of the pile. Its not much, but I hope you like it. 
What did you get him? she added to Ron, who 
seemed not to hear her. 

Come on, then, open Hermiones! said Ron. 

She had bought him a new Sneakoscope. The other 
packages contained an enchanted razor from Bill and 
Fleur (Ah yes, zis will give you ze smoothest shave 
you will ever ave, Monsieur Delacour assured him, 
but you must tell it clearly what you want . . . 
ozzerwise you might find you ave a leetle less hair 
zan you would like. ...), chocolates from the 
Delacours, and an enormous box of the latest 
Weasleys Wizard Wheezes merchandise from Fred 
and George. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not linger at the table, 
as the arrival of Madame Delacour, Fleur, and 
Gabrielle made the kitchen uncomfortably crowded. 

Ill pack these for you, Hermione said brightly, 
taking Harrys presents out of his arms as the three of 
them headed back upstairs. Im nearly done, Im just 
waiting for the rest of your underpants to come out of 
the wash, Ron   

Rons splutter was interrupted by the opening of a 
door on the firstfloor landing. 

  127 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, will you come in here a moment? 

It was Ginny. Ron came to an abrupt halt, but 
Hermione took him by the elbow and tugged him on 
up the stairs. Feeling nervous, Harry followed Ginny 
into her room. 

He had never been inside it before. It was small, but 
bright. There was a large poster of the Wizarding 
band the Weird Sisters on one wall, and a picture of 
Gwenog Jones, Captain of the allwitch Quidditch 
team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. A desk 
stood facing the open window, which looked out over 
the orchard where he and Ginny had once played 
twoaside Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and 
which now housed a large, pearly white marquee. The 
golden flag on top was level with Ginnys window. 

Ginny looked up into Harrys face, took a deep breath, 
and said, Happy seventeenth. 

Yeah ... thanks. 

She was looking at him steadily; he, however, found it 
difficult to look back at her; it was like gazing into a 
brilliant light. 

Nice view, he said feebly, pointing toward the 
window. 

She ignored this. He could not blame her. 

I couldnt think what to get you, she said. 

You didnt have to get me anything. 

She disregarded this too. 



  128 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I didnt know what would be useful. Nothing too big, 
because you wouldnt be able to take it with you. 

He chanced a glance at her. She was not tearful; that 
was one of the many wonderful things about Ginny, 
she was rarely weepy. He had sometimes thought that 
having six brothers must have toughened her up. 

She took a step closer to him. 

So then I thought, Id like you to have something to 
remember me by, you know, if you meet some veela 
when youre off doing whatever youre doing. 

I think dating opportunities are going to be pretty 
thin on the ground, to be honest. 

Theres the silver lining Ive been looking for, she 
whispered, and then she was kissing him as she had 
never kissed him before, and Harry was kissing her 
back, and it was blissful oblivion, better than 
firewhisky; she was the only real thing in the world, 
Ginny, the feel of her, one hand at her back and one 
in her long, sweetsmelling hair  

The door banged open behind them and they jumped 
apart. 

Oh, said Ron pointedly. Sorry. 

Ron! Hermione was just behind him, slightly out of 
breath. There was a strained silence, then Ginny said 
in a flat little voice, 

Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry. 

Rons ears were scarlet; Hermione looked nervous. 
Harry wanted to slam the door in their faces, but it 
felt as though a cold draft had entered the room when 

  129 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the door opened, and his shining moment had popped 
like a soap bubble. All the reasons for ending his 
relationship with Ginny, for staying well away from 
her, seemed to have slunk inside the room with Ron, 
and all happy forgetfulness was gone. 

He looked at Ginny, wanting to say something, 
though he hardly knew what, but she had turned her 
back on him. He thought that she might have 
succumbed, for once, to tears. He could not do 
anything to comfort her in front of Ron. 

Ill see you later, he said, and followed the other two 
out of the bedroom. 

Ron marched downstairs, through the stillcrowded 
kitchen and into the yard, and Harry kept pace with 
him all the way, Hermione trotting along behind them 
looking scared. 

Once he reached the seclusion of the freshly mown 
lawn, Ron rounded on Harry. 

You ditched her. What are you doing now, messing 
her around? 

Im not messing her around, said Harry, as 
Hermione caught up with them. 

Ron   

But Ron held up a hand to silence her. 

She was really cut up when you ended it   

So was I. You know why I stopped it, and it wasnt 
because I wanted to. 



  130 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yeah, but you go snogging her now and shes just 
going to get her hopes up again   

Shes not an idiot, she knows it cant happen, shes 
not expecting us to  to end up married, or   

As he said it, a vivid picture formed in Harrys mind of 
Ginny in a white dress, marrying a tall, faceless, and 
unpleasant stranger. In one spiraling moment it 
seemed to hit him: Her future was free and 
unencumbered, whereas his ... he could see nothing 
but Voldemort ahead. 

If you keep groping her every chance you get   

It wont happen again, said Harry harshly. The day 
was cloudless, but he felt as though the sun had gone 
in. Okay? 

Ron looked half resentful, half sheepish; he rocked 
backward and forward on his feet for a moment, then 
said, Right then, well, thats ... yeah. 

Ginny did not seek another onetoone meeting with 
Harry for the rest of the day, nor by any look or 
gesture did she show that they had shared more than 
polite conversation in her room. Nevertheless, 

Charlies arrival came as a relief to Harry. It provided 
a distraction, watching Mrs. Weasley force Charlie 
into a chair, raise her wand threateningly, and 
announce that he was about to get a proper haircut. 

As Harrys birthday dinner would have stretched the 
Burrows kitchen to breaking point even before the 
arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, several 
tables were placed end to end in the garden. Fred and 
George bewitched a number of purple lanterns, all 
emblazoned with a large number 17, to hang in 
midair over the guests. Thanks to Mrs. Weasleys 
  131 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




ministrations, Georges wound was neat and clean, 
but Harry was not yet used to the dark hole in the 
side of his head, despite the twins many jokes about 
it. 

Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from 
the end of her wand and drape themselves artistically 
over the trees and bushes. 

Nice, said Ron, as with one final flourish of her 
wand, Hermione turned the leaves on the crabapple 
tree to gold. Youve really got an eye for that sort of 
thing. 

Thank you, Ron! said Hermione, looking both 
pleased and a little confused. Harry turned away, 
smiling to himself. He had a funny notion that he 
would find a chapter on compliments when he found 
time to peruse his copy of Twelve FailSafe Ways to 
Charm Witches; he caught Ginnys eye and grinned at 
her before remembering his promise to Ron and 
hurriedly striking up a conversation with Monsieur 
Delacour. 

Out of the way, out of the way! sang Mrs. Weasley, 
coming through the gate with what appeared to be a 
giant, beachballsized Snitch floating in front of her. 
Seconds later Harry realized that it was his birthday 
cake, which Mrs. Weasley was suspending with her 
wand, rather than risk carrying it over the uneven 
ground. When the cake had finally landed in the 
middle of the table, Harry said, That looks amazing, 
Mrs. Weasley. 

Oh, its nothing, dear, she said fondly. Over her 
shoulder, Ron gave Harry the thumbsup and 
mouthed, Good one. 



  132 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




By seven oclock all the guests had arrived, led into 
the house by Fred and George, who had waited for 
them at the end of the lane. Hagrid had honored the 
occasion by wearing his best, and horrible, hairy 
brown suit. Although Lupin smiled as he shook 
Harrys hand, Harry thought he looked rather 
unhappy. It was all very odd; Tonks, beside him, 
looked simply radiant. 

Happy birthday, Harry, she said, hugging him 
tightly. 

Seventeen, eh! said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket 
sized glass of wine from Fred. Six years ter the day 
since we met, Harry, dyeh remember it? 

Vaguely, said Harry, grinning up at him. Didnt you 
smash down the front door, give Dudley a pigs tail, 
and tell me I was a wizard? 

I forge the details, Hagrid chortled. All righ, Ron, 
Hermione? 

Were fine, said Hermione. How are you? 

Ar, not bad. Bin busy, we got some newborn 
unicorns, Ill show yeh when yeh get back   Harry 
avoided Rons and Hermiones gazes as Hagrid 
rummaged in his pocket. Here, Harry  couldn 
think what ter get yeh, but then I remembered this. 
He pulled out a small, slightly furry drawstring pouch 
with a long string, evidently intended to be worn 
around the neck. Mokeskin. Hide anythin in there 
an no one but the owner can get it out. Theyre rare, 
them. 

Hagrid, thanks! 



  133 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 Snothin, said Hagrid with a wave of a dustbinlid 
sized hand. An theres Charlie! Always liked him  
hey! Charlie! 

Charlie approached, running his hand slightly 
ruefully over his new, brutally short haircut. He was 
shorter than Ron, thickset, with a number of burns 
and scratches up his muscley arms. 

Hi, Hagrid, hows it going? 

Bin meanin ter write fer ages. Hows Norbert doin? 

Norbert? Charlie laughed. The Norwegian 
Ridgeback? We call her Norberta now. 

Wha  Norberts a girl? 

Oh yeah, said Charlie. 

How can you tell? asked Hermione. 

Theyre a lot more vicious, said Charlie. He looked 
over his shoulder and dropped his voice. Wish Dad 
would hurry up and get here. Mums getting edgy. 

They all looked over at Mrs. Weasley. She was trying 
to talk to Madame Delacour while glancing repeatedly 
at the gate. 

I think wed better start without Arthur, she called 
to the garden at large after a moment or two. He 
must have been held up at  oh! 

They all saw it at the same time: a streak of light that 
came flying across the yard and onto the table, where 
it resolved itself into a bright silver weasel, which 
stood on its hind legs and spoke with Mr. Weasleys 
voice. 

  134 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Minister of Magic coming with me. 

The Patronus dissolved into thin air, leaving Fleurs 
family peering in astonishment at the place where it 
had vanished. 

We shouldnt be here, said Lupin at once. Harry  
Im sorry  Ill explain another time   

He seized Tonkss wrist and pulled her away; they 
reached the fence, climbed over it, and vanished from 
sight. Mrs. Weasley looked bewildered. 

The Minister  but why  ? I dont understand   

But there was no time to discuss the matter; a second 
later, Mr. Weasley had appeared out of thin air at the 
gate, accompanied by Rufus Scrimgeour, instantly 
recognizable by his mane of grizzled hair. 

The two newcomers marched across the yard toward 
the garden and the lantern lit table, where everybody 
sat in silence, watching them draw closer. As 
Scrimgeour came within range of the lantern light, 
Harry saw that he looked much older than the last 
time they had met, scraggy and grim. 

Sorry to intrude, said Scrimgeour, as he limped to a 
halt before the table. Especially as I can see that I 
am gatecrashing a party. 

His eyes lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch 
cake. 

Many happy returns. 

Thanks, said Harry. 



  135 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I require a private word with you, Scrimgeour went 
on. Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss 
Hermione Granger. 

Us? said Ron, sounding surprised. Why us? 

I shall tell you that when we are somewhere more 
private, said Scrimgeour. Is there such a place? he 
demanded of Mr. Weasley. 

Yes, of course, said Mr. Weasley, who looked 
nervous. The, er, sitting room, why dont you use 
that? 

You can lead the way, Scrimgeour said to Ron. 
There will be no need for you to accompany us, 
Arthur. 

Harry saw Mr. Weasley exchange a worried look with 
Mrs. Weasley as he, Ron, and Hermione stood up. As 
they led the way back to the house in silence, Harry 
knew that the other two were thinking the same as he 
was: Scrimgeour must, somehow, have learned that 
the three of them were planning to drop out of 
Hogwarts. 

Scrimgeour did not speak as they all passed through 
the messy kitchen and into the Burrows sitting room. 
Although the garden had been full of soft golden 
evening light, it was already dark in here: Harry 
flicked his wand at the oil lamps as he entered and 
they illuminated the shabby but cozy room. 
Scrimgeour sat himself in the sagging armchair that 
Mr. Weasley normally occupied, leaving Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione to squeeze side by side onto the sofa. 
Once they had done so, Scrimgeour spoke. 

I have some questions for the three of you, and I 
think it will be best if we do it individually. If you two 

  136 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 he pointed at Harry and Hermione  can wait 
upstairs, I will start with Ronald. 

Were not going anywhere, said Harry, while 
Hermione nodded vigorously. You can speak to us 
together, or not at all. 

Scrimgeour gave Harry a cold, appraising look. Harry 
had the impression that the Minister was wondering 
whether it was worthwhile opening hostilities this 
early. 

Very well then, together, he said, shrugging. He 
cleared his throat. I am here, as Im sure you know, 
because of Albus Dumbledores will. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another. 

A surprise, apparently! You were not aware then that 
Dumbledore had left you anything? 

Aall of us? said Ron. Me and Hermione too? 

Yes, all of 

But Harry interrupted. 

Dumbledore died over a month ago. Why has it taken 
this long to give us what he left us? 

Isnt it obvious? said Hermione, before Scrimgeour 
could answer. They wanted to examine whatever hes 
left us. You had no right to do that! she said, and her 
voice trembled slightly. 

I had every right, said Scrimgeour dismissively. The 
Decree for Justifiable Confiscation gives the Ministry 
the power to confiscate the contents of a will   



  137 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




That law was created to stop wizards passing on 
Dark artifacts, said Hermione, and the Ministry is 
supposed to have powerful evidence that the 
deceaseds possessions are illegal before seizing them! 
Are you telling me that you thought Dumbledore was 
trying to pass us something cursed? 

Are you planning to follow a career in Magical Law, 
Miss Granger? asked Scrimgeour. 

No, Im not, retorted Hermione. Im hoping to do 
some good in the world! 

Ron laughed. Scrimgeour s eyes flickered toward him 
and away again as Harry spoke. 

So why have you decided to let us have our things 
now? Cant think of a pretext to keep them? 

No, itll be because the thirtyone days are up, said 
Hermione at once. They cant keep the objects longer 
than that unless they can prove theyre dangerous. 
Right? 

Would you say you were close to Dumbledore, 
Ronald? asked Scrimgeour, ignoring Hermione. Ron 
looked startled. 

Me? Not  not really ... It was always Harry who ... 

Ron looked around at Harry and Hermione, to see 
Hermione giving him a stoptalkingnow\ sort of look, 
but the damage was done: Scrimgeour looked as 
though he had heard exactly what he had expected, 
and wanted, to hear. He swooped like a bird of prey 
upon Rons answer. 

If you were not very close to Dumbledore, how do you 
account for the fact that he remembered you in his 

  138 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




will? He made exceptionally few personal bequests. 
The vast majority of his possessions  his private 
library, his magical instruments, and other personal 
effects  were left to Hogwarts. Why do you think you 
were singled out? 

I ... dunno, said Ron. I ... when I say we werent 
close ... I mean, I think he liked me. ... 

Youre being modest, Ron, said Hermione. 
Dumbledore was very fond of you. 

This was stretching the truth to breaking point; as far 
as Harry knew, Ron and Dumbledore had never been 
alone together, and direct contact between them had 
been negligible. However, Scrimgeour did not seem to 
be listening. He put his hand inside his cloak and 
drew out a drawstring pouch much larger than the 
one Hagrid had given Harry. From it, he removed a 
scroll of parchment which he unrolled and read 
aloud. 

 The Last Will and Testament of Albus Percival 
Wulfric Brian Dumbledore ... Yes, here we are. ... To 
Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, in the 
hope that he will remember me when he uses it.  

Scrimgeour took from the bag an object that Harry 
had seen before: It looked something like a silver 
cigarette lighter, but it had, he knew, the power to 
suck all light from a place, and restore it, with a 
simple click. Scrimgeour leaned forward and passed 
the Deluminator to Ron, who took it and turned it 
over in his fingers, looking stunned. 

That is a valuable object, said Scrimgeour, watching 
Ron. It may even be unique. Certainly it is of 
Dumbledores own design. Why would he have left 
you an item so rare? 

  139 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron shook his head, looking bewildered. 

Dumbledore must have taught thousands of 
students, Scrimgeour persevered. Yet the only ones 
he remembered in his will are you three. Why is that? 
To what use did he think you would put his 
Deluminator, Mr. Weasley? 

Put out lights, I spose, mumbled Ron. What else 
could I do with it? 

Evidently Scrimgeour had no suggestions. After 
squinting at Ron for a moment or two, he turned back 
to Dumbledores will. 

 To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of 
The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that she will 
find it entertaining and instructive.  

Scrimgeour now pulled out of the bag a small book 
that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the 
Darkest Art upstairs. Its binding was stained and 
peeling in places. Hermione took it from Scrimgeour 
without a word. She held the book in her lap and 
gazed at it. Harry saw that the title was in runes; he 
had never learned to read them. As he looked, a tear 
splashed onto the embossed symbols. 

Why do you think Dumbledore left you that book, 
Miss Granger? asked Scrimgeour. 

He ... he knew I liked books, said Hermione in a 
thick voice, mopping her eyes with her sleeve. 

But why that particular book? 

I dont know. He must have thought Id enjoy it. 



  140 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Did you ever discuss codes, or any means of passing 
secret messages, with Dumbledore? 



No, I didnt, said Hermione, still wiping her eyes on 
her sleeve. And if the Ministry hasnt found any 
hidden codes in this book in thirtyone days, I doubt 
that I will. 

She suppressed a sob. They were wedged together so 
tightly that Ron had difficulty extracting his arm to 
put it around Hermione s shoulders. Scrimgeour 
turned back to the will. 

 To Harry James Potter,  he read, and Harrys 
insides contracted with a sudden excitement,  I leave 
the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at 
Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of 
perseverance and skill.  

As Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnutsized 
golden ball, its silver wings fluttered rather feebly, 
and Harry could not help feeling a definite sense of 
anticlimax. 

Why did Dumbledore leave you this Snitch? asked 
Scrimgeour. 

No idea, said Harry. For the reasons you just read 
out, I suppose ... to remind me what you can get if 
you ... persevere and whatever it was. 

You think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then? 

I suppose so, said Harry. What else could it be? 

Im asking the questions, said Scrimgeour, shifting 
his chair a little closer to the sofa. Dusk was really 
falling outside now; the marquee beyond the windows 
towered ghostly white over the hedge. 

  141 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




I notice that your birthday cake is in the shape of a 
Snitch, Scrimgeour said to Harry. Why is that? 

Hermione laughed derisively. 

Oh, it cant be a reference to the fact Harrys a great 
Seeker, thats way too obvious, she said. There must 
be a secret message from Dumbledore hidden in the 
icing! 

I dont think theres anything hidden in the icing, 
said Scrimgeour, but a Snitch would be a very good 
hiding place for a small object. You know why, Im 
sure? 

Harry shrugged. Hermione, however, answered: Harry 
thought that answering questions correctly was such 
a deeply ingrained habit she could not suppress the 
urge. 

Because Snitches have flesh memories, she said. 

What? said Harry and Ron together; both 
considered Hermione s Quidditch knowledge 
negligible. 

Correct, said Scrimgeour. A Snitch is not touched 
by bare skin before it is released, not even by the 
maker, who wears gloves. It carries an enchantment 
by which it can identify the first human to lay hands 
upon it, in case of a disputed capture. This Snitch  
he held up the tiny golden ball  will remember your 
touch, Potter. It occurs to me that Dumbledore, who 
had prodigious magical skill, whatever his other 
faults, might have enchanted this Snitch so that it 
will open only for you. 



  142 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harrys heart was beating rather fast. He was sure 
that Scrimgeour was right. How could he avoid taking 
the Snitch with his bare hand in front of the Minister? 



You dont say anything, said Scrimgeour. Perhaps 
you already know what the Snitch contains? 

No, said Harry, still wondering how he could appear 
to touch the Snitch without really doing so. If only he 
knew Legilimency, really knew it, and could read 
Hermiones mind; he could practically hear her brain 
whirring beside him. 

Take it, said Scrimgeour quietly. 

Harry met the Ministers yellow eyes and knew he had 
no option but to obey. He held out his hand, and 
Scrimgeour leaned forward again and placed the 
Snitch, slowly and deliberately, into Harrys palm. 

Nothing happened. As Harrys fingers closed around 
the Snitch, its tired wings fluttered and were still. 
Scrimgeour, Ron, and Hermione continued to gaze 
avidly at the now partially concealed ball, as if still 
hoping it might transform in some way. 

That was dramatic, said Harry coolly. Both Ron and 
Hermione laughed. 

Thats all, then, is it? asked Hermione, making to 
prise herself off the sofa. 

Not quite, said Scrimgeour, who looked bad 
tempered now. Dumbledore left you a second 
bequest, Potter. 

What is it? asked Harry, excitement rekindling. 



  143 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the will this 
time. 

The sword of Godric Gryffindor, he said. 

Hermione and Ron both stiffened. Harry looked 
around for a sign of the rubyencrusted hilt, but 
Scrimgeour did not pull the sword from the leather 
pouch, which in any case looked much too small to 
contain it. 

So where is it? Harry asked suspiciously. 

Unfortunately, said Scrimgeour, that sword was 
not Dumbledore s to give away. The sword of Godric 
Gryffindor is an important historical artifact, and as 
such, belongs   

It belongs to Harry! said Hermione hotly. It chose 
him, he was the one who found it, it came to him out 
of the Sorting Hat   

According to reliable historical sources, the sword 
may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor, said 
Scrimgeour. That does not make it the exclusive 
property of Mr. Potter, whatever Dumbledore may 
have decided. Scrimgeour scratched his badly 
shaven cheek, scrutinizing Harry. Why do you think 
 ? 

  Dumbledore wanted to give me the sword? said 
Harry, struggling to keep his temper. Maybe he 
thought it would look nice on my wall. 

This is not a joke, Potter! growled Scrimgeour. Was 
it because Dumbledore believed that only the sword of 
Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? 
Did he wish to give you that sword, Potter, because he 



  144 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




believed, as do many, that you are the one destined to 
destroy HeWhoMustNotBeNamed? 

Interesting theory, said Harry. Has anyone ever 
tried sticking a sword in Voldemort? Maybe the 
Ministry should put some people onto that, instead of 
wasting their time stripping down Deluminators or 
covering up breakouts from Azkaban. So is this what 
youve been doing, Minister, shut up in your office, 
trying to break open a Snitch? People are dying  I 
was nearly one of them  Voldemort chased me 
across three counties, he killed MadEye Moody, but 
theres been no word about any of that from the 
Ministry, has there? And you still expect us to 
cooperate with you! 

You go too far! shouted Scrimgeour, standing up; 
Harry jumped to his feet too. Scrimgeour limped 
toward Harry and jabbed him hard in the chest with 
the point of his wand: It singed a hole in Harrys T 
shirt like a lit cigarette. 

Oi! said Ron, jumping up and raising his own wand, 
but Harry said, 

No! Dyou want to give him an excuse to arrest us? 

Remembered youre not at school, have you? said 
Scrimgeour, breathing hard into Harrys face. 
Remembered that I am not Dumbledore, who forgave 
your insolence and insubordination? You may wear 
that scar like a crown, Potter, but it is not up to a 
seventeenyearold boy to tell me how to do my job! 

Its time you learned some respect! 

Its time you earned it, said Harry. 



  145 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The floor trembled; there was a sound of running 
footsteps, then the door to the sitting room burst 
open and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley ran in. 

We  we thought we heard   began Mr. Weasley, 
looking thoroughly alarmed at the sight of Harry and 
the Minister virtually nose to nose. 

  raised voices, panted Mrs. Weasley. 

Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back from Harry, 
glancing at the hole he had made in Harrys Tshirt. 
He seemed to regret his loss of temper. 

It  it was nothing, he growled. I ... regret your 
attitude, he said, looking Harry full in the face once 
more. You seem to think that the Ministry does not 
desire what you  what Dumbledore  desired. We 
ought to be working together. 

I dont like your methods, Minister, said Harry. 
Remember? 

For the second time, he raised his right fist and 
displayed to Scrimgeour the scars that still showed 
white on the back of it, spelling I must not tell lies. 
Scrimgeour s expression hardened. He turned away 
without another word and limped from the room. Mrs. 
Weasley hurried after him; Harry heard her stop at 
the back door. After a minute or so she called, Hes 
gone! 

What did he want? Mr. Weasley asked, looking 
around at Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Mrs. Weasley 
came hurrying back to them. 

To give us what Dumbledore left us, said Harry. 
Theyve only just released the contents of his will. 



  146 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Outside in the garden, over the dinner tables, the 
three objects Scrimgeour had given them were passed 
from hand to hand. Everyone exclaimed over the 
Deluminator and The Tales of Beedle the Bard and 
lamented the fact that Scrimgeour had refused to 
pass on the sword, but none of them could offer any 
suggestion as to why Dumbledore would have left 
Harry an old Snitch. As Mr. Weasley examined the 
Deluminator for the third or fourth time, Mrs. 

Weasley said tentatively, Harry, dear, everyones 
awfully hungry, we didnt like to start without you. ... 
Shall I serve dinner now? 

They all ate rather hurriedly and then, after a hasty 
chorus of Happy Birthday and much gulping of 
cake, the party broke up. Hagrid, who was invited to 
the wedding the following day, but was far too bulky 
to sleep in the overstretched Burrow, left to set up a 
tent for himself in a neighboring field. 

Meet us upstairs, Harry whispered to Hermione, 
while they helped Mrs. Weasley restore the garden to 
its normal state. After everyones gone to bed. 

Up in the attic room, Ron examined his Deluminator, 
and Harry filled Hagrids mokeskin purse, not with 
gold, but with those items he most prized, apparently 
worthless though some of them were: the Marauders 
Map, the shard of Siriuss enchanted mirror, and 
R.A.B.s locket. He pulled the strings tight and slipped 
the purse around his neck, then sat holding the old 
Snitch and watching its wings flutter feebly. At last, 
Hermione tapped on the door and tiptoed inside. 

 Muffliato, she whispered, waving her wand in the 
direction of the stairs. 

Thought you didnt approve of that spell? said Ron. 



  147 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Times change, said Hermione. Now, show us that 
Deluminator. 

Ron obliged at once. Holding it up in front of him, he 
clicked it. The solitary lamp they had lit went out at 
once. 

The thing is, whispered Hermione through the dark, 
we could have achieved that with Peruvian Instant 
Darkness Powder. 

There was a small click, and the ball of light from the 
lamp flew back to the ceiling and illuminated them all 
once more. 

Still, its cool, said Ron, a little defensively. And 
from what they said, Dumbledore invented it himself! 

I know, but surely he wouldnt have singled you out 
in his will just to help us turn out the lights! 

Dyou think he knew the Ministry would confiscate 
his will and examine everything hed left us? asked 
Harry. 

Definitely, said Hermione. He couldnt tell us in the 
will why he was leaving us these things, but that still 
doesnt explain ... 

"... why he couldnt have given us a hint when he was 
alive? asked Ron. 

Well, exactly, said Hermione, now flicking through 
The Tales of Beedle the Bard. If these things are 
important enough to pass on right under the nose of 
the Ministry, youd think hed have let us know why 
... unless he thought it was obvious? 



  148 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Thought wrong, then, didnt he? said Ron. I always 
said he was mental. Brilliant and everything, but 
cracked. Leaving Harry an old Snitch  what the hell 
was that about? 

Ive no idea, said Hermione. When Scrimgeour 
made you take it, Harry, I was so sure that something 
was going to happen! 

Yeah, well, said Harry, his pulse quickening as he 
raised the Snitch in his fingers. I wasnt going to try 
too hard in front of Scrimgeour, was I? 

What do you mean? asked Hermione. 

The Snitch I caught in my first ever Quidditch 
match? said Harry. Dont you remember? 

Hermione looked simply bemused. Ron, however, 
gasped, pointing frantically from Harry to the Snitch 
and back again until he found his voice. 

That was the one you nearly swallowed! 

Exactly, said Harry, and with his heart beating fast, 
he pressed his mouth to the Snitch. 

It did not open. Frustration and bitter disappointment 
welled up inside him: He lowered the golden sphere, 
but then Hermione cried out. 

Writing! Theres writing on it, quick, look! 

He nearly dropped the Snitch in surprise and 
excitement. Hermione was quite right. Engraved upon 
the smooth golden surface, where seconds before 
there had been nothing, were five words written in the 
thin, slanting handwriting that Harry recognized as 
Dumbledores: 

  149 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I open at the close. 

He had barely read them when the words vanished 
again. 

 I open at the close ... Whats that supposed to 
mean? 

Hermione and Ron shook their heads, looking blank. 

I open at the close ... at the close ... I open at the 
close ... 

But no matter how often they repeated the words, 
with many different inflections, they were unable to 
wring any more meaning from them. 

And the sword, said Ron finally, when they had at 
last abandoned their attempts to divine meaning in 
the Snitchs inscription. Why did he want Harry to 
have the sword? 

And why couldnt he just have told me? Harry said 
quietly. It was there, it was right there on the wall of 
his office during all our talks last year! If he wanted 
me to have it, why didnt he just give it to me then? 

He felt as though he were sitting in an examination 
with a question he ought to have been able to answer 
in front of him, his brain slow and unresponsive. Was 
there something he had missed in the long talks with 
Dumbledore last year? Ought he to know what it all 
meant? Had Dumbledore expected him to 
understand? 

And as for this book, said Hermione, The Tales of 
Beedle the Bard ... Ive never even heard of them! 



  150 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youve never heard of The Tales of Beedle the Bard? 
said Ron incredulously. Youre kidding, right? 



No, Im not! said Hermione in surprise. Do you 
know them, then? 

Well, of course I do! 

Harry looked up, diverted. The circumstance of Ron 
having read a book that Hermione had not was 
unprecedented. Ron, however, looked bemused by 
their surprise. 

Oh come on! All the old kids stories are supposed to 
be Beedle s, arent they? The Fountain of Fair 
Fortune ... The Wizard and the Hopping Pot ... 
Babbitty Rabbitty and her Cackling Stump ... 

Excuse me? said Hermione, giggling. What was that 
last one? 

Come off it! said Ron, looking in disbelief from Harry 
to Hermione. You mustve heard of Babbitty Rabbitty 



Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up 
by Muggles! said Hermione. We didnt hear stories 
like that when we were little, we heard Snow White 
and the Seven Dwarfs and Cinderella   

Whats that, an illness? asked Ron. 

So these are childrens stories? asked Hermione, 
bending again over the runes. 

Yeah, said Ron uncertainly, I mean, thats just 
what you hear, you know, that all these old stories 
came from Beedle. I dunno what theyre like in the 
original versions. 

  151 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But I wonder why Dumbledore thought I should read 
them? 



Something creaked downstairs. 

Probably just Charlie, now Mums asleep, sneaking 
off to regrow his hair, said Ron nervously. 

All the same, we should get to bed, whispered 
Hermione. It wouldnt do to oversleep tomorrow. 

No, agreed Ron. A brutal triple murder by the 
bridegrooms mother might put a bit of a damper on 
the wedding. Ill get the lights. 

And he clicked the Deluminator once more as 
Hermione left the room. 



  152 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE WEDDING 



Three oclock on the following afternoon found Harry, 
Ron, Fred, and George standing outside the great 
white marquee in the orchard, awaiting the arrival of 
the wedding guests. Harry had taken a large dose of 
Polyjuice Potion and was now the double of a 
redheaded Muggle boy from the local village, Ottery 
St. Catchpole, from whom Fred had stolen hairs using 
a Summoning Charm. The plan was to introduce 
Harry as Cousin Barny and trust to the great 
number of Weasley relatives to camouflage him. 

All four of them were clutching seating plans, so that 
they could help show people to the right seats. A host 
of whiterobed waiters had arrived an hour earlier, 
along with a goldenjacketed band, and all of these 
wizards were currently sitting a short distance away 
under a tree; Harry could see a blue haze of pipe 
smoke issuing from the spot. 

Behind Harry, the entrance to the marquee revealed 
rows and rows of fragile golden chairs set on either 
side of a long purple carpet. The supporting poles 

  153 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  



were entwined with white and gold flowers. Fred and 
George had fastened an enormous bunch of golden 
balloons over the exact point where Bill and Fleur 
would shortly become husband and wife. Outside, 
butterflies and bees were hovering lazily over the 
grass and hedgerow. Harry was rather uncomfortable. 
The Muggle boy whose appearance he was affecting 
was slightly fatter than him, and his dress robes felt 
hot and tight in the full glare of a summers day. 

When I get married, said Fred, tugging at the collar 
of his own robes, I wont be bothering with any of 
this nonsense. You can all wear what you like, and Ill 
put a full BodyBind Curse on Mum until its all 
over. 

She wasnt too bad this morning, considering, said 
George. Cried a bit about Percy not being here, but 
who wants him? Oh blimey, brace yourselves  here 
they come, look. 

Brightly colored figures were appearing, one by one, 
out of nowhere at the distant boundary of the yard. 
Within minutes a procession had formed, which 
began to snake its way up through the garden toward 
the marquee. Exotic flowers and bewitched birds 
fluttered on the witches hats, while precious gems 
glittered from many of the wizards cravats; a hum of 
excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the 
sound of the bees as the crowd approached the tent. 

Excellent, I think I see a few veela cousins, said 
George, craning his neck for a better look. Theyll 
need help understanding our English customs, Ill 
look after them. ... 

Not so fast, Your Holeyness, said Fred, and darting 
past the gaggle of middleaged witches heading the 
procession, he said, Here  permettezmoi to assister 

  154 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




vous, to a pair of pretty French girls, who giggled and 
allowed him to escort them inside. George was left to 
deal with the middleaged witches and Ron took 
charge of Mr. Weasleys old Ministry colleague 
Perkins, while a rather deaf old couple fell to Harrys 
lot. 

Wotcher, said a familiar voice as he came out of the 
marquee again and found Tonks and Lupin at the 
front of the queue. She had turned blonde for the 
occasion. Arthur told us you were the one with the 
curly hair. Sorry about last night, she added in a 
whisper as Harry led them up the aisle. The 
Ministrys being very antiwerewolf at the moment 
and we thought our presence might not do you any 
favors. 

Its fine, I understand, said Harry, speaking more to 
Lupin than Tonks. Lupin gave him a swift smile, but 
as they turned away, Harry saw Lupins face fall again 
into lines of misery. He did not understand it, but 
there was no time to dwell on the matter: Hagrid was 
causing a certain amount of disruption. Having 
misunderstood Freds directions he had sat himself, 
not upon the magically enlarged and reinforced seat 
set aside for him in the back row, but on five seats 
that now resembled a large pile of golden 
matchsticks. 

While Mr. Weasley repaired the damage and Hagrid 
shouted apologies to anybody who would listen, Harry 
hurried back to the entrance to find Ron facetoface 
with a most eccentriclooking wizard. Slightly cross 
eyed, with shoulderlength white hair the texture of 
candyfloss, he wore a cap whose tassel dangled in 
front of his nose and robes of an eyewatering shade 
of eggyolk yellow. An odd symbol, rather like a 
triangular eye, glistened from a golden chain around 
his neck. 

  155 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Xenophilius Lovegood, he said, extending a hand to 
Harry, my daughter and I live just over the hill, so 
kind of the good Weasleys to invite us. But I think 
you know my Luna? he added to Ron. 

Yes, said Ron. Isnt she with you? 

She lingered in that charming little garden to say 
hello to the gnomes, such a glorious infestation! How 
few wizards realize just how much we can learn from 
the wise little gnomes  or, to give them their correct 
name, the Gernumbli gardensi. 

Ours do know a lot of excellent swear words, said 
Ron, but I think Fred and George taught them 
those. 

He led a party of warlocks into the marquee as Luna 
rushed up. 

Hello, Harry! she said. 

Er  my names Barny, said Harry, flummoxed. 

Oh, have you changed that too? she asked brightly. 

How did you know  ? 

Oh, just your expression, she said. 

Like her father, Luna was wearing bright yellow 
robes, which she had accessorized with a large 
sunflower in her hair. Once you got over the 
brightness of it all, the general effect was quite 
pleasant. At least there were no radishes dangling 
from her ears. 

Xenophilius, who was deep in conversation with an 
acquaintance, had missed the exchange between 

  156 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Luna and Harry. Bidding the wizard farewell, he 
turned to his daughter, who held up her finger and 
said, Daddy, look  one of the gnomes actually bit 
me! 

How wonderful! Gnome saliva is enormously 
beneficial! said Mr. Lovegood, seizing Lunas 
outstretched finger and examining the bleeding 
puncture marks. Luna, my love, if you should feel 
any burgeoning talent today  perhaps an 
unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaim in 
Mermish  do not repress it! You may have been 
gifted by the Gernumblies! 

Ron, passing them in the opposite direction, let out a 
loud snort. 

Ron can laugh, said Luna serenely as Harry led her 
and Xenophilius toward their seats, but my father 
has done a lot of research on Gernumbli magic. 

Really? said Harry, who had long since decided not 
to challenge Luna or her fathers peculiar views. Are 
you sure you dont want to put anything on that bite, 
though? 

Oh, its fine, said Luna, sucking her finger in a 
dreamy fashion and looking Harry up and down. You 
look smart. I told Daddy most people would probably 
wear dress robes, but he believes you ought to wear 
sun colors to a wedding, for luck, you know. 

As she drifted off after her father, Ron reappeared 
with an elderly witch clutching his arm. Her beaky 
nose, redrimmed eyes, and feathery pink hat gave 
her the look of a badtempered flamingo. 

"... and your hairs much too long, Ronald, for a 
moment I thought you were Ginevra. Merlins beard, 

  157 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




what is Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? He looks like 
an omelet. And who are you? she barked at Harry. 

Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, this is our cousin Barny. 

Another Weasley? You breed like gnomes. Isnt Harry 
Potter here? I was hoping to meet him. I thought he 
was a friend of yours, Ronald, or have you merely 
been boasting? 

No  he couldnt come   

Hmm. Made an excuse, did he? Not as gormless as 
he looks in press photographs, then. Ive just been 
instructing the bride on how best to wear my tiara, 
she shouted at Harry. Goblinmade, you know, and 
been in my family for centuries. Shes a goodlooking 
girl, but still  French. Well, well, find me a good 
seat, Ronald, I am a hundred and seven and I ought 
not to be on my feet too long. 

Ron gave Harry a meaningful look as he passed and 
did not reappear for some time: When next they met 
at the entrance, Harry had shown a dozen more 
people to their places. The marquee was nearly full 
now, and for the first time there was no queue 
outside. 

Nightmare, Muriel is, said Ron, mopping his 
forehead on his sleeve. She used to come for 
Christmas every year, then, thank God, she took 
offense because Fred and George set off a Dungbomb 
under her chair at dinner. Dad always says shell 
have written them out of her will  like they care, 
theyre going to end up richer than anyone in the 
family, rate theyre going. ... Wow, he added, blinking 
rather rapidly as Hermione came hurrying toward 
them. You look great! 



  158 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Always the tone of surprise, said Hermione, though 
she smiled. She was wearing a floaty, lilaccolored 
dress with matching high heels; her hair was sleek 
and shiny. Your GreatAunt Muriel doesnt agree, I 
just met her upstairs while she was giving Fleur the 
tiara. She said, Oh dear, is this the Muggleborn? 
and then, Bad posture and skinny ankles.  

Dont take it personally, shes rude to everyone, said 
Ron. 

Talking about Muriel? inquired George, reemerging 
from the marquee with Fred. Yeah, shes just told me 
my ears are lopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius 
was still with us, though; he was a right laugh at 
weddings. 

Wasnt he the one who saw a Grim and died twenty 
four hours later? asked Hermione. 

Well, yeah, he went a bit odd toward the end, 
conceded George. 

But before he went loopy he was the life and soul of 
the party, said Fred. He used to down an entire 
bottle of firewhisky, then run onto the dance floor, 
hoist up his robes, and start pulling bunches of 
flowers out of his   

Yes, he sounds a real charmer, said Hermione, 
while Harry roared with laughter. 

Never married, for some reason, said Ron. 

You amaze me, said Hermione. 

They were all laughing so much that none of them 
noticed the latecomer, a darkhaired young man with 
a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows, until 

  159 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




he held out his invitation to Ron and said, with his 
eyes on Hermione, You look vunderful. 

Viktor! she shrieked, and dropped her small beaded 
bag, which made a loud thump quite disproportionate 
to its size. As she scrambled, blushing, to pick it up, 
she said, I didnt know you were  goodness  its 
lovely to see  how are you? 

Rons ears had turned bright red again. After glancing 
at Krums invitation as if he did not believe a word of 
it, he said, much too loudly, How come youre here? 

Fleur invited me, said Krum, eyebrows raised. 

Harry, who had no grudge against Krum, shook 
hands; then, feeling that it would be prudent to 
remove Krum from Rons vicinity, offered to show him 
his seat. 

Your friend is not pleased to see me, said Krum as 
they entered the now packed marquee. Or is he a 
relative? he added with a glance at Harrys red curly 
hair. 

Cousin, Harry muttered, but Krum was not really 
listening. His appearance was causing a stir, 
particularly amongst the veela cousins: He was, after 
all, a famous Quidditch player. While people were still 
craning their necks to get a good look at him, Ron, 
Hermione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the 
aisle. 

Time to sit down, Fred told Harry, or were going to 
get run over by the bride. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their seats in the 
second row behind Fred and George. Hermione looked 
rather pink and Rons ears were still scarlet. After a 

  160 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




few moments he muttered to Harry, Did you see hes 
grown a stupid little beard? 

Harry gave a noncommittal grunt. 

A sense of jittery anticipation had filled the warm 
tent, the general murmuring broken by occasional 
spurts of excited laughter. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley 
strolled up the aisle, smiling and waving at relatives; 
Mrs. Weasley was wearing a brandnew set of 
amethystcolored robes with a matching hat. 

A moment later Bill and Charlie stood up at the front 
of the marquee, both wearing dress robes, with large 
white roses in their buttonholes; Fred wolfwhistled 
and there was an outbreak of giggling from the veela 
cousins. Then the crowd fell silent as music swelled 
from what seemed to be the golden balloons. 

Ooooh! said Hermione, swiveling around in her seat 
to look at the entrance. 

A great collective sigh issued from the assembled 
witches and wizards as Monsieur Delacour and Fleur 
came walking up the aisle, Fleur gliding, Monsieur 
Delacour bouncing and beaming. Fleur was wearing a 
very simple white dress and seemed to be emitting a 
strong, silvery glow. While her radiance usually 
dimmed everyone else by comparison, today it 
beautified everybody it fell upon. Ginny and Gabrielle, 
both wearing golden dresses, looked even prettier 
than usual, and once Fleur had reached him, Bill did 
not look as though he had ever met Fenrir Greyback. 

Ladies and gentlemen, said a slightly singsong 
voice, and with a slight shock, Harry saw the same 
small, tuftyhaired wizard who had presided at 
Dumbledores funeral, now standing in front of Bill 



  161 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and Fleur. We are gathered here today to celebrate 
the union of two faithful souls ... 

Yes, my tiara sets off the whole thing nicely, said 
Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. But I 
must say, Ginevras dress is far too low cut. 

Ginny glanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, 
then quickly faced the front again. Harrys mind 
wandered a long way from the marquee, back to 
afternoons spent alone with Ginny in lonely parts of 
the school grounds. They seemed so long ago; they 
had always seemed too good to be true, as though he 
had been stealing shining hours from a normal 
persons life, a person without a lightningshaped 
scar on his forehead. ... 

Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle ... ? 

In the front row, Mrs. Weasley and Madame Delacour 
were both sobbing quietly into scraps of lace. 
Trumpetlike sounds from the back of the marquee 
told everyone that Hagrid had taken out one of his 
own tableclothsized handkerchiefs. Hermione turned 
and beamed at Harry; her eyes too were full of tears. 

"... then I declare you bonded for life. 

The tuftyhaired wizard waved his wand high over the 
heads of Bill and Fleur and a shower of silver stars 
fell upon them, spiraling around their now entwined 
figures. As Fred and George led a round of applause, 
the golden balloons overhead burst: Birds of paradise 
and tiny golden bells flew and floated out of them, 
adding their songs and chimes to the din. 

Ladies and gentlemen! called the tuftyhaired 
wizard. If you would please stand up! 



  162 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




They all did so, Auntie Muriel grumbling audibly; he 
waved his wand again. The seats on which they had 
been sitting rose gracefully into the air as the canvas 
walls of the marquee vanished, so that they stood 
beneath a canopy supported by golden poles, with a 
glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surrounding 
countryside. Next, a pool of molten gold spread from 
the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor; 
the hovering chairs grouped themselves around 
small, whiteclothed tables, which all floated 
gracefully back to earth around it, and the golden 
jacketed band trooped toward a podium. 

Smooth, said Ron approvingly as the waiters popped 
up on all sides, some bearing silver trays of pumpkin 
juice, butterbeer, and firewhisky, others tottering 
piles of tarts and sandwiches. 

We should go and congratulate them! said 
Hermione, standing on tiptoe to see the place where 
Bill and Fleur had vanished amid a crowd of well 
wishers. 

Well have time later, shrugged Ron, snatching three 
butterbeers from a passing tray and handing one to 
Harry. Hermione, cop hold, lets grab a table. ... Not 
there! Nowhere near Muriel   

Ron led the way across the empty dance floor, 
glancing left and right as he went: Harry felt sure that 
he was keeping an eye out for Krum. By the time they 
had reached the other side of the marquee, most of 
the tables were occupied: The emptiest was the one 
where Luna sat alone. 

All right if we join you? asked Ron. 

Oh yes, she said happily. Daddys just gone to give 
Bill and Fleur our present. 

  163 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What is it, a lifetimes supply of Gurdyroots? asked 
Ron. 

Hermione aimed a kick at him under the table, but 
caught Harry instead. Eyes watering in pain, Harry 
lost track of the conversation for a few moments. 

The band had begun to play. Bill and Fleur took to 
the dance floor first, to great applause; after a while, 
Mr. Weasley led Madame Delacour onto the floor, 
followed by Mrs. Weasley and Fleurs father. 

I like this song, said Luna, swaying in time to the 
waltzlike tune, and a few seconds later she stood up 
and glided onto the dance floor, where she revolved 
on the spot, quite alone, eyes closed and waving her 
arms. 

Shes great, isnt she? said Ron admiringly. Always 
good value. 

But the smile vanished from his face at once: Viktor 
Krum had dropped into Lunas vacant seat. Hermione 
looked pleasurably flustered, but this time Krum had 
not come to compliment her. With a scowl on his face 
he said, Who is that man in the yellow? 

Thats Xenophilius Lovegood, hes the father of a 
friend of ours, said Ron. His pugnacious tone 
indicated that they were not about to laugh at 
Xenophilius, despite the clear provocation. Come and 
dance, he added abruptly to Hermione. 

She looked taken aback, but pleased too, and got up. 
They vanished together into the growing throng on 
the dance floor. 

Ah, they are together now? asked Krum, 
momentarily distracted. 

  164 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Er  sort of, said Harry. 

Who are you? Krum asked. 

Barny Weasley. 

They shook hands. 

You, Barny  you know this man Lovegood veil? 

No, I only met him today. Why? 

Krum glowered over the top of his drink, watching 
Xenophilius, who was chatting to several warlocks on 
the other side of the dance floor. 

Because, said Krum, if he vos not a guest of 
Fleurs, I vould duel him, here and now, for vearing 
that filthy sign upon his chest. 

Sign? said Harry, looking over at Xenophilius too. 
The strange triangular eye was gleaming on his chest. 
Why? Whats wrong with it? 

Grindelvald. That is Grindelvalds sign. 

Grindelwald . . . the Dark wizard Dumbledore 
defeated? 

Exactly. 

Krums jaw muscles worked as if he were chewing, 
then he said, Grindelvald killed many people, my 
grandfather, for instance. Of course, he vos never 
poverful in this country, they said he feared 
Dumbledore  and rightly, seeing how he vos 
finished. But this  he pointed a finger at 
Xenophilius  this is his symbol, I recognized it at 
vunce: Grindelvald carved it into a vail at Durmstrang 

  165 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




ven he vos a pupil there. Some idiots copied it onto 
their books and clothes, thinking to shock, make 
themselves impressive  until those of us who had 
lost family members to Grindelvald taught them 
better. 

Krum cracked his knuckles menacingly and glowered 
at Xenophilius. Harry felt perplexed. It seemed 
incredibly unlikely that Lunas father was a supporter 
of the Dark Arts, and nobody else in the tent seemed 
to have recognized the triangular, runelike shape. 

Are you  er  quite sure its Grindelwalds  ? 

I am not mistaken, said Krum coldly. I valked past 
that sign for several years, I know it veil. 

Well, theres a chance, said Harry, that Xenophilius 
doesnt actually know what the symbol means. The 
Lovegoods are quite ... unusual. He could easily have 
picked it up somewhere and think its a cross section 
of the head of a CrumpleHorned Snorkack or 
something. 

The cross section of a vot? 

Well, I dont know what they are, but apparently he 
and his daughter go on holiday looking for them. ... 

Harry felt he was doing a bad job explaining Luna and 
her father. 

Thats her, he said, pointing at Luna, who was still 
dancing alone, waving her arms around her head like 
someone attempting to beat off midges. 

Vy is she doing that? asked Krum. 



  166 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Probably trying to get rid of a Wrackspurt, said 
Harry, who recognized the symptoms. 

Krum did not seem to know whether or not Harry was 
making fun of him. He drew his wand from inside his 
robes and tapped it menacingly on his thigh; sparks 
flew out of the end. 

Gregorovitch! said Harry loudly, and Krum started, 
but Harry was too excited to care; the memory had 
come back to him at the sight of Krums wand: 
Ollivander taking it and examining it carefully before 
the Triwizard Tournament. 

Vot about him? asked Krum suspiciously. 

Hes a wandmaker! 

I know that, said Krum. 

He made your wand! Thats why I thought  
Quidditch   

Krum was looking more and more suspicious. 

How do you know Gregorovitch made my vand? 

I ... I read it somewhere, I think, said Harry. In a  
a fan magazine, he improvised wildly and Krum 
looked mollified. 

I had not realized I ever discussed my vand with 
fans, he said. 

So ... er ... where is Gregorovitch these days? 

Krum looked puzzled. 



  167 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He retired several years ago. I vos one of the last to 
purchase a Gregorovitch vand. They are the best  
although I know, of course, that you Britons set much 
store by Ollivander. 

Harry did not answer. He pretended to watch the 
dancers, like Krum, but he was thinking hard. So 
Voldemort was looking for a celebrated wandmaker, 
and Harry did not have to search far for a reason: It 
was surely because of what Harrys wand had done 
on the night that Voldemort had pursued him across 
the skies. The holly and phoenix feather wand had 
conquered the borrowed wand, something that 
Ollivander had not anticipated or understood. Would 
Gregorovitch know better? Was he truly more skilled 
than Ollivander, did he know secrets of wands that 
Ollivander did not? 

This girl is very nicelooking, Krum said, recalling 
Harry to his surroundings. Krum was pointing at 
Ginny, who had just joined Luna. She is also a 
relative of yours? 

Yeah, said Harry, suddenly irritated, and shes 
seeing someone. Jealous type. Big bloke. You 
wouldnt want to cross him. 

Krum grunted. 

Vot, he said, draining his goblet and getting to his 
feet again, is the point of being an international 
Quidditch player if all the goodlooking girls are 
taken? 

And he strode off, leaving Harry to take a sandwich 
from a passing waiter and make his way around the 
edge of the crowded dance floor. He wanted to find 
Ron, to tell him about Gregorovitch, but Ron was 
dancing with Hermione out in the middle of the floor. 
  168 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry leaned up against one of the golden pillars and 
watched Ginny, who was now dancing with Fred and 
Georges friend Lee Jordan, trying not to feel resentful 
about the promise he had given Ron. 

He had never been to a wedding before, so he could 
not judge how Wizarding celebrations differed from 
Muggle ones, though he was pretty sure that the 
latter would not involve a wedding cake topped with 
two model phoenixes that took flight when the cake 
was cut, or bottles of champagne that floated 
unsupported through the crowd. As evening drew in, 
and moths began to swoop under the canopy, now lit 
with floating golden lanterns, the revelry became 
more and more uncontained. Fred and George had 
long since disappeared into the darkness with a pair 
of Fleurs cousins; Charlie, Hagrid, and a squat 
wizard in a purple porkpie hat were singing Odo the 
Hero in a corner. 

Wandering through the crowd so as to escape a 
drunken uncle of Rons who seemed unsure whether 
or not Harry was his son, Harry spotted an old wizard 
sitting alone at a table. His cloud of white hair made 
him look rather like an aged dandelion clock and was 
topped by a motheaten fez. He was vaguely familiar: 
Racking his brains, Harry suddenly realized that this 
was Elphias Doge, member of the Order of the 
Phoenix and the writer of Dumbledores obituary. 

Harry approached him. 

May I sit down? 

Of course, of course, said Doge; he had a rather 
highpitched, wheezy voice. 

Harry leaned in. 



  169 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Mr. Doge, Im Harry Potter. 

Doge gasped. 

My dear boy! Arthur told me you were here, 
disguised. ... I am so glad, so honored! 

In a flutter of nervous pleasure Doge poured Harry a 
goblet of champagne. 

I thought of writing to you, he whispered, after 
Dumbledore ... the shock ... and for you, I am sure 



Doges tiny eyes filled with sudden tears. 

I saw the obituary you wrote for the Daily Prophet, 
said Harry. I didnt realize you knew Professor 
Dumbledore so well. 

As well as anyone, said Doge, dabbing his eyes with 
a napkin. Certainly I knew him longest, if you dont 
count Aberforth  and somehow, people never do 
seem to count Aberforth. 

Speaking of the Daily Prophet ... I dont know 
whether you saw, Mr. Doge  ? 

Oh, please call me Elphias, dear boy. 

Elphias, I dont know whether you saw the interview 
Rita Skeeter gave about Dumbledore? 

Doges face flooded with angry color. 

Oh yes, Harry, I saw it. That woman, or vulture 
might be a more accurate term, positively pestered me 
to talk to her. I am ashamed to say that I became 
rather rude, called her an interfering trout, which 

  170 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




resulted, as you may have seen, in aspersions cast 
upon my sanity. 

Well, in that interview, Harry went on, Rita Skeeter 
hinted that Professor Dumbledore was involved in the 
Dark Arts when he was young. 

Dont believe a word of it! said Doge at once. Not a 
word, Harry! Let nothing tarnish your memories of 
Albus Dumbledore! 

Harry looked into Doges earnest, pained face and felt, 
not reassured, but frustrated. Did Doge really think it 
was that easy, that Harry could simply choose not to 
believe? Didnt Doge understand Harrys need to be 
sure, to know everything? 

Perhaps Doge suspected Harrys feelings, for he 
looked concerned and hurried on, Harry, Rita 
Skeeter is a dreadful   

But he was interrupted by a shrill cackle. 

Rita Skeeter? Oh, I love her, always read her! 

Harry and Doge looked up to see Auntie Muriel 
standing there, the plumes dancing on her hat, a 
goblet of champagne in her hand. Shes written a 
book about Dumbledore, you know! 

Hello, Muriel, said Doge. Yes, we were just 
discussing   

You there! Give me your chair, Im a hundred and 
seven! 

Another redheaded Weasley cousin jumped off his 
seat, looking alarmed, and Auntie Muriel swung it 



  171 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




around with surprising strength and plopped herself 
down upon it between Doge and Harry. 

Hello again, Barry, or whatever your name is, she 
said to Harry. Now, what were you saying about Rita 
Skeeter, Elphias? You know shes written a biography 
of Dumbledore? I cant wait to read it, I must 
remember to place an order at Flourish and Blotts! 

Doge looked stiff and solemn at this, but Auntie 
Muriel drained her goblet and clicked her bony fingers 
at a passing waiter for a replacement. She took 
another large gulp of champagne, belched, and then 
said, Theres no need to look like a pair of stuffed 
frogs! Before he became so respected and respectable 
and all that tosh, there were some mighty funny 
rumors about Albus! 

Illinformed sniping, said Doge, turning radish 
colored again. 

You would say that, Elphias, cackled Auntie Muriel. 
I noticed how you skated over the sticky patches in 
that obituary of yours! 

Im sorry you think so, said Doge, more coldly still. 

I assure you I was writing from the heart. 

Oh, we all know you worshipped Dumbledore; I 
daresay youll still think he was a saint even if it does 
turn out that he did away with his Squib sister! 

Muriell exclaimed Doge. 

A chill that had nothing to do with the iced 
champagne was stealing through Harrys chest. 

What do you mean? he asked Muriel. Who said his 
sister was a Squib? I thought she was ill? 

  172 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Thought wrong, then, didnt you, Barry! said Auntie 
Muriel, looking delighted at the effect she had 
produced. Anyway, how could you expect to know 
anything about it? It all happened years and years 
before you were even thought of, my dear, and the 
truth is that those of us who were alive then never 
knew what really happened. Thats why I cant wait to 
find out what Skeeters unearthed! Dumbledore kept 
that sister of his quiet for a long time! 

Untrue! wheezed Doge. Absolutely untrue! 

He never told me his sister was a Squib, said Harry, 
without thinking, still cold inside. 

And why on earth would he tell you? screeched 
Muriel, swaying a little in her seat as she attempted 
to focus upon Harry. 

The reason Albus never spoke about Ariana, began 
Elphias in a voice stiff with emotion, is, I should have 
thought, quite clear. He was so devastated by her 
death   

Why did nobody ever see her, Elphias? squawked 
Muriel. Why did half of us never even know she 
existed, until they carried the coffin out of the house 
and held a funeral for her? Where was saintly Albus 
while Ariana was locked in the cellar? Off being 
brilliant at Hogwarts, and never mind what was going 
on in his own house! 

What dyou mean, locked in the cellar? asked Harry. 
What is this? 

Doge looked wretched. Auntie Muriel cackled again 
and answered Harry. 



  173 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dumbledores mother was a terrifying woman, simply 
terrifying. Muggleborn, though I heard she pretended 
otherwise   

She never pretended anything of the sort! Kendra 
was a fine woman, whispered Doge miserably, but 
Auntie Muriel ignored him. 

  proud and very domineering, the sort of witch who 
would have been mortified to produce a Squib   

Ariana was not a Squib! wheezed Doge. 

So you say, Elphias, but explain, then, why she 
never attended Hogwarts! said Auntie Muriel. She 
turned back to Harry. In our day, Squibs were often 
hushed up, though to take it to the extreme of 
actually imprisoning a little girl in the house and 
pretending she didnt exist   

I tell you, thats not what happened! said Doge, but 
Auntie Muriel steamrollered on, still addressing 
Harry. 

Squibs were usually shipped off to Muggle schools 
and encouraged to integrate into the Muggle 
community . . . much kinder than trying to find them a 
place in the Wizarding world, where they must always 
be second class; but naturally Kendra Dumbledore 
wouldnt have dreamed of letting her daughter go to a 
Muggle school   

Ariana was delicate! said Doge desperately. Her 
health was always too poor to permit her   

  to permit her to leave the house? cackled Muriel. 
And yet she was never taken to St. Mungos and no 
Healer was ever summoned to see her! 



  174 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Really, Muriel, how you can possibly know whether 



For your information, Elphias, my cousin Lancelot 
was a Healer at St. Mungos at the time, and he told 
my family in strictest confidence that Ariana had 
never been seen there. All most suspicious, Lancelot 
thought! 

Doge looked to be on the verge of tears. Auntie Muriel, 
who seemed to be enjoying herself hugely, snapped 
her fingers for more champagne. Numbly Harry 
thought of how the Dursleys had once shut him up, 
locked him away, kept him out of sight, all for the 
crime of being a wizard. Had Dumbledores sister 
suffered the same fate in reverse: imprisoned for her 
lack of magic? And had Dumbledore truly left her to 
her fate while he went off to Hogwarts, to prove 
himself brilliant and talented? 

Now, if Kendra hadnt died first, Muriel resumed, 

Id have said that it was she who finished off Ariana 



How can you, Muriel? groaned Doge. A mother kill 
her own daughter? Think what you are saying! 

If the mother in question was capable of imprisoning 
her daughter for years on end, why not? shrugged 
Auntie Muriel. But as I say, it doesnt fit, because 
Kendra died before Ariana  of what, nobody ever 
seemed sure   

Oh, no doubt Ariana murdered her, said Doge with 
a brave attempt at scorn. Why not? 

Yes, Ariana might have made a desperate bid for 
freedom and killed Kendra in the struggle, said 
Auntie Muriel thoughtfully. Shake your head all you 

  175 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




like, Elphias! You were at Arianas funeral, were you 
not? 

Yes I was, said Doge, through trembling lips. And a 
more desperately sad occasion I cannot remember. 
Albus was heartbroken   

His heart wasnt the only thing. Didnt Aberforth 
break Albus s nose halfway through the service? 

If Doge had looked horrified before this, it was 
nothing to how he looked now. Muriel might have 
stabbed him. She cackled loudly and took another 
swig of champagne, which dribbled down her chin. 

How do you  ? croaked Doge. 

My mother was friendly with old Bathilda Bagshot, 
said Auntie Muriel happily. Bathilda described the 
whole thing to Mother while I was listening at the 
door. A coffinside brawl! The way Bathilda told it, 
Aberforth shouted that it was all Albus s fault that 
Ariana was dead and then punched him in the face. 
According to Bathilda, Albus did not even defend 
himself, and thats odd enough in itself, Albus could 
have destroyed Aberforth in a duel with both hands 
tied behind his back. 

Muriel swigged yet more champagne. The recitation of 
these old scandals seemed to elate her as much as 
they horrified Doge. Harry did not know what to 
think, what to believe: He wanted the truth, and yet 
all Doge did was sit there and bleat feebly that Ariana 
had been ill. Harry could hardly believe that 
Dumbledore would not have intervened if such 
cruelty was happening inside his own house, and yet 
there was undoubtedly something odd about the 
story. 



  176 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And Ill tell you something else, Muriel said, 
hiccuping slightly as she lowered her goblet. I think 
Bathilda has spilled the beans to Rita Skeeter. All 
those hints in Skeeters interview about an important 
source close to the Dumbledores  goodness knows 
she was there all through the Ariana business, and it 
would fit! 

Bathilda would never talk to Rita Skeeter! whispered 
Doge. 

Bathilda Bagshot? Harry said. The author of A 
History of Magic? 

The name was printed on the front of one of Harrys 
textbooks, though admittedly not one of the ones he 
had read most attentively. 

Yes, said Doge, clutching at Harrys question like a 
drowning man at a life belt. A most gifted magical 
historian and an old friend of Albuss. 

Quite gaga these days, Ive heard, said Auntie 
Muriel cheerfully. 

If that is so, it is even more dishonorable for Skeeter 
to have taken advantage of her, said Doge, and no 
reliance can be placed on anything Bathilda may have 
said! 

Oh, there are ways of bringing back memories, and 
Im sure Rita Skeeter knows them all, said Auntie 
Muriel. But even if Bathildas completely cuckoo, Im 
sure shed still have old photographs, maybe even 
letters. She knew the Dumbledores for years. ... Well 
worth a trip to Godrics Hollow, Id have thought. 

Harry, who had been taking a sip of butterbeer, 
choked. Doge banged him on the back as Harry 

  177 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




coughed, looking at Auntie Muriel through streaming 
eyes. Once he had control of his voice again, he 
asked, Bathilda Bagshot lives in Godrics Hollow? 

Oh yes, shes been there forever! The Dumbledores 
moved there after Percival was imprisoned, and she 
was their neighbor. 

The Dumbledores lived in Godrics Hollow? 

Yes, Barry, thats what I just said, said Auntie 
Muriel testily. 

Harry felt drained, empty. Never once, in six years, 
had Dumbledore told Harry that they had both lived 
and lost loved ones in Godrics Hollow. Why? Were 
Lily and James buried close to Dumbledore s mother 
and sister? Had Dumbledore visited their graves, 
perhaps walked past Lilys and Jamess to do so? And 
he had never once told Harry . . . never bothered to say 



And why it was so important, Harry could not explain 
even to himself, yet he felt it had been tantamount to 
a lie not to tell him that they had this place and these 
experiences in common. He stared ahead of him, 
barely noticing what was going on around him, and 
did not realize that Hermione had appeared out of the 
crowd until she drew up a chair beside him. 

I simply cant dance anymore, she panted, slipping 
off one of her shoes and rubbing the sole of her foot. 
Rons gone looking to find more butterbeers. Its a bit 
odd, Ive just seen Viktor storming away from Lunas 
father, it looked like theyd been arguing   She 
dropped her voice, staring at him. Harry, are you 
okay? 



  178 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry did not know where to begin, but it did not 
matter. At that moment, something large and silver 
came falling through the canopy over the dance floor. 
Graceful and gleaming, the lynx landed lightly in the 
middle of the astonished dancers. Heads turned, as 
those nearest it froze absurdly in middance. Then 
the Patronuss mouth opened wide and it spoke in the 
loud, deep, slow voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt. 

The Ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. They are 
coming. 



  179 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




9 




A PLACE TO HIDE 

Everything seemed fuzzy, slow. Harry and Hermione 
jumped to their feet and drew their wands. Many 
people were only just realizing that something strange 
had happened; heads were still turning toward the 
silver cat as it vanished. Silence spread outward in 
cold ripples from the place where the Patronus had 
landed. Then somebody screamed. 

Harry and Hermione threw themselves into the 
panicking crowd. Guests were sprinting in all 
directions; many were Disapparating; the protective 
enchantments around the Burrow had broken. 

Ron! Hermione cried. Ron, where are you? 

As they pushed their way across the dance floor, 
Harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in 
the crowd; then he saw Lupin and Tonks, their wands 
raised, and heard both of them shout, Protego\, a 
cry that was echoed on all sides  



  180 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Ron! Ron! Hermione called, half sobbing as she and 
Harry were buffeted by terrified guests: Harry seized 
her hand to make sure they werent separated as a 
streak of light whizzed over their heads, whether a 
protective charm or something more sinister he did 
not know  

And then Ron was there. He caught hold of 
Hermione s free arm, and Harry felt her turn on the 
spot; sight and sound were extinguished as darkness 
pressed in upon him; all he could feel was Hermiones 
hand as he was squeezed through space and time, 
away from the Burrow, away from the descending 
Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Voldemort 
himself. ... 

Where are we? said Rons voice. 

Harry opened his eyes. For a moment he thought they 
had not left the wedding after all: They still seemed to 
be surrounded by people. 

Tottenham Court Road, panted Hermione. Walk, 
just walk, we need to find somewhere for you to 
change. 

Harry did as she asked. They half walked, half ran up 
the wide dark street thronged with latenight revelers 
and lined with closed shops, stars twinkling above 
them. A doubledecker bus rumbled by and a group 
of merry pubgoers ogled them as they passed; Harry 
and Ron were still wearing dress robes. 

Hermione, we havent got anything to change into, 
Ron told her, as a young woman burst into raucous 
giggles at the sight of him. 



  181 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Why didnt I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak 
with me? said Harry, inwardly cursing his own 
stupidity. All last year I kept it on me and   

Its okay, Ive got the Cloak, Ive got clothes for both 
of you, said Hermione. Just try and act naturally 
until  this will do. 

She led them down a side street, then into the shelter 
of a shadowy alleyway. 

When you say youve got the Cloak, and clothes ... 
said Harry, frowning at Hermione, who was carrying 
nothing except her small beaded handbag, in which 
she was now rummaging. 

Yes, theyre here, said Hermione, and to Harry and 
Rons utter astonishment, she pulled out a pair of 
jeans, a sweatshirt, some maroon socks, and finally 
the silvery Invisibility Cloak. 

How the ruddy hell  ? 

Undetectable Extension Charm, said Hermione. 
Tricky, but I think Ive done it okay; anyway, I 
managed to fit everything we need in here. She gave 
the fragilelooking bag a little shake and it echoed like 
a cargo hold as a number of heavy objects rolled 
around inside it. Oh, damn, thatll be the books, she 
said, peering into it, and I had them all stacked by 
subject. ... Oh well. ... Harry, youd better take the 
Invisibility Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change. ... 

When did you do all this? Harry asked as Ron 
stripped off his robes. 

I told you at the Burrow, Ive had the essentials 
packed for days, you know, in case we needed to 
make a quick getaway. I packed your rucksack this 

  182 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




morning, Harry, after you changed, and put it in here. 
... I just had a feeling. ... 

Youre amazing, you are, said Ron, handing her his 
bundledup robes. 

Thank you, said Hermione, managing a small smile 
as she pushed the robes into the bag. Please, Harry, 
get that Cloak on! 

Harry threw the Invisibility Cloak around his 
shoulders and pulled it up over his head, vanishing 
from sight. He was only just beginning to appreciate 
what had happened. 

The others  everyone at the wedding   

We cant worry about that now, whispered 
Hermione. Its you theyre after, Harry, and well just 
put everyone in even more danger by going back. 

Shes right, said Ron, who seemed to know that 
Harry was about to argue, even if he could not see his 
face. Most of the Order was there, theyll look after 
everyone. 

Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not 
see him, and said, Yeah. But he thought of Ginny, 
and fear bubbled like acid in his stomach. 

Come on, I think we ought to keep moving, said 
Hermione. 

They moved back up the side street and onto the 
main road again, where a group of men on the 
opposite side was singing and weaving across the 
pavement. 



  183 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Just as a matter of interest, why Tottenham Court 
Road? Ron asked Hermione. 



Ive no idea, it just popped into my head, but Im 
sure were safer out in the Muggle world, its not 
where theyll expect us to be. 

True, said Ron, looking around, but dont you feel a 
bit  exposed? 

Where else is there? asked Hermione, cringing as 
the men on the other side of the road started wolf 
whistling at her. We can hardly book rooms at the 
Leaky Cauldron, can we? And Grimmauld Place is out 
if Snape can get in there. ... I suppose we could try 
my parents house, though I think theres a chance 
they might check there. ... Oh, I wish theyd shut up! 

All right, darling? the drunkest of the men on the 
other pavement was yelling. Fancy a drink? Ditch 
ginger and come and have a pint! 

Lets sit down somewhere, Hermione said hastily as 
Ron opened his mouth to shout back across the road. 
Look, this will do, in here! 

It was a small and shabby allnight cafe. A light layer 
of grease lay on all the Formica topped tables, but it 
was at least empty. Harry slipped into a booth first 
and Ron sat next to him opposite Hermione, who had 
her back to the entrance and did not like it: She 
glanced over her shoulder so frequently she appeared 
to have a twitch. Harry did not like being stationary; 
walking had given the illusion that they had a goal. 
Beneath the Cloak he could feel the last vestiges of 
Polyjuice leaving him, his hands returning to their 
usual length and shape. He pulled his glasses out of 
his pocket and put them on again. 

  184 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




After a minute or two, Ron said, You know, were not 
far from the Leaky Cauldron here, its only in Charing 
Cross   

Ron, we cant! said Hermione at once. 

Not to stay there, but to find out whats going on! 

We know whats going on! Voldemorts taken over the 
Ministry, what else do we need to know? 

Okay, okay, it was just an idea! 

They relapsed into a prickly silence. The gumchewing 
waitress shuffled over and Hermione ordered two 
cappuccinos: As Harry was invisible, it would have 
looked odd to order him one. A pair of burly workmen 
entered the cafe and squeezed into the next booth. 
Hermione dropped her voice to a whisper. 

I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head 
for the countryside. Once were there, we could send a 
message to the Order. 

Can you do that talking Patronus thing, then? 
asked Ron. 

Ive been practicing and I think so, said Hermione. 

Well, as long as it doesnt get them into trouble, 
though they mightve been arrested already. God, 
thats revolting, Ron added after one sip of the 
foamy, grayish coffee. The waitress had heard; she 
shot Ron a nasty look as she shuffled off to take the 
new customers orders. The larger of the two 
workmen, who was blond and quite huge, now that 
Harry came to look at him, waved her away. She 
stared, affronted. 



  185 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Lets get going, then, I dont want to drink this 
muck, said Ron. Hermione, have you got Muggle 
money to pay for this? 

Yes, I took out all my Building Society savings before 
I came to the Burrow. Ill bet all the change is at the 
bottom, sighed Hermione, reaching for her beaded 
bag. 

The two workmen made identical movements, and 
Harry mirrored them without conscious thought: All 
three of them drew their wands. Ron, a few seconds 
late in realizing what was going on, lunged across the 
table, pushing Hermione sideways onto her bench. 

The force of the Death Eaters spells shattered the 
tiled wall where Rons head had just been, as Harry, 
still invisible, yelled, Stupefyl 

The great blond Death Eater was hit in the face by a 
jet of red light: He slumped sideways, unconscious. 
His companion, unable to see who had cast the spell, 
fired another at Ron: Shining black ropes flew from 
his wandtip and bound Ron head to foot  the 
waitress screamed and ran for the door  Harry sent 
another Stunning Spell at the Death Eater with the 
twisted face who had tied up Ron, but the spell 
missed, rebounded on the window, and hit the 
waitress, who collapsed in front of the door. 

Expulsol bellowed the Death Eater, and the table 
behind which Harry was standing blew up: The force 
of the explosion slammed him into the wall and he felt 
his wand leave his hand as the Cloak slipped off him. 

Petrificus TotalusV screamed Hermione from out of 
sight, and the Death Eater fell forward like a statue to 
land with a crunching thud on the mess of broken 
china, table, and coffee. Hermione crawled out from 



  186 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




underneath the bench, shaking bits of glass ashtray 
out of her hair and trembling all over. 

Ddiffindo, she said, pointing her wand at Ron, who 
roared in pain as she slashed open the knee of his 
jeans, leaving a deep cut. Oh, Im so sorry, Ron, my 
hands shaking! Diffindol 

The severed ropes fell away. Ron got to his feet, 
shaking his arms to regain feeling in them. Harry 
picked up his wand and climbed over all the debris to 
where the large blond Death Eater was sprawled 
across the bench. 

I shouldve recognized him, he was there the night 
Dumbledore died, he said. He turned over the darker 
Death Eater with his foot; the mans eyes moved 
rapidly between Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 

Thats Dolohov, said Ron. I recognize him from the 
old wanted posters. I think the big ones Thorfinn 
Rowle. 

Never mind what theyre called! said Hermione a 
little hysterically. How did they find us? What are we 
going to do? 

Somehow her panic seemed to clear Harrys head. 

Lock the door, he told her, and Ron, turn out the 
lights. 

He looked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinking 
fast as the lock clicked and Ron used the 
Deluminator to plunge the cafe into darkness. Harry 
could hear the men who had jeered at Hermione 
earlier, yelling at another girl in the distance. 



  187 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What are we going to do with them? Ron whispered 
to Harry through the dark; then, even more quietly, 
Kill them? Theyd kill us. They had a good go just 
now. 

Hermione shuddered and took a step backward. 
Harry shook his head. 

We just need to wipe their memories, said Harry. 
Its better like that, itll throw them off the scent. If 
we killed them itd be obvious we were here. 

Youre the boss, said Ron, sounding profoundly 
relieved. But Ive never done a Memory Charm. 

Nor have I, said Hermione, but I know the theory. 

She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed her 
wand at Dolohovs forehead and said, Obliviate. 

At once, Dolohovs eyes became unfocused and 
dreamy. 

Brilliant! said Harry, clapping her on the back. 
Take care of the other one and the waitress while 
Ron and I clear up. 

Clear up? said Ron, looking around at the partly 
destroyed cafe. Why? 

Dont you think they might wonder whats happened 
if they wake up and find themselves in a place that 
looks like its just been bombed? 

Oh right, yeah ... 

Ron struggled for a moment before managing to 
extract his wand from his pocket. 



  188 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Its no wonder I cant get it out, Hermione, you 
packed my old jeans, theyre tight. 

Oh, Im so sorry, hissed Hermione, and as she 
dragged the waitress out of sight of the windows, 
Harry heard her mutter a suggestion as to where Ron 
could stick his wand instead. 

Once the cafe was restored to its previous condition, 
they heaved the Death Eaters back into their booth 
and propped them up facing each other. 

But how did they find us? Hermione asked, looking 
from one inert man to the other. How did they know 
where we were? 

She turned to Harry. 

You  you dont think youve still got your Trace on 
you, do you, Harry? 

He cant have, said Ron. The Trace breaks at 
seventeen, thats Wizarding law, you cant put it on 
an adult. 

As far as you know, said Hermione. What if the 
Death Eaters have found a way to put it on a 
seventeenyearold? 

But Harry hasnt been near a Death Eater in the last 
twentyfour hours. Whos supposed to have put a 
Trace back on him? 

Hermione did not reply. Harry felt contaminated, 
tainted: Was that really how the Death Eaters had 
found them? 

If I cant use magic, and you cant use magic near 
me, without us giving away our position   he began. 

  189 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Were not splitting up! said Hermione firmly. 



We need a safe place to hide, said Ron. Give us 
time to think things through. 

Grimmauld Place, said Harry. 

The other two gaped. 

Dont be silly, Harry, Snape can get in there! 

Rons dad said theyve put up jinxes against him  
and even if they havent worked, he pressed on as 
Hermione began to argue, so what? I swear, Id like 
nothing better than to meet Snape! 

But   

Hermione, where else is there? Its the best chance 
weve got. Snapes only one Death Eater. If Ive still 
got the Trace on me, well have whole crowds of them 
on us wherever else we go. 

She could not argue, though she looked as if she 
would have liked to. While she unlocked the cafe 
door, Ron clicked the Deluminator to release the 
cafes light. Then, on Harrys count of three, they 
reversed the spells upon their three victims, and 
before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could 
do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
had turned on the spot and vanished into the 
compressing darkness once more. 

Seconds later Harrys lungs expanded gratefully and 
he opened his eyes: They were now standing in the 
middle of a familiar small and shabby square. Tall, 
dilapidated houses looked down on them from every 
side. Number twelve was visible to them, for they had 
been told of its existence by Dumbledore, its Secret 
P a g e  190 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Keeper, and they rushed toward it, checking every few 
yards that they were not being followed or observed. 
They raced up the stone steps, and Harry tapped the 
front door once with his wand. They heard a series of 
metallic clicks and the clatter of a chain, then the 
door swung open with a creak and they hurried over 
the threshold. 

As Harry closed the door behind them, the old 
fashioned gas lamps sprang into life, casting 
flickering light along the length of the hallway. It 
looked just as Harry remembered it: eerie, 
cobwebbed, the outlines of the houseelf heads on the 
wall throwing odd shadows up the staircase. Long 
dark curtains concealed the portrait of Siriuss 
mother. The only thing that was out of place was the 
trolls leg umbrella stand, which was lying on its side 
as if Tonks had just knocked it over again. 

I think somebodys been in here, Hermione 
whispered, pointing toward it. 

That couldve happened as the Order left, Ron 
murmured back. 

So where are these jinxes they put up against 
Snape? Harry asked. 

Maybe theyre only activated if he shows up? 
suggested Ron. 

Yet they remained close together on the doormat, 
backs against the door, scared to move farther into 
the house. 

Well, we cant stay here forever, said Harry, and he 
took a step forward. 

Severus Snape? 

  191 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




MadEye Moodys voice whispered out of the 
darkness, making all three of them jump back in 
fright. Were not Snape! croaked Harry, before 
something whooshed over him like cold air and his 
tongue curled backward on itself, making it 
impossible to speak. Before he had time to feel inside 
his mouth, however, his tongue had unraveled again. 

The other two seemed to have experienced the same 
unpleasant sensation. Ron was making retching 
noises; Hermione stammered, That mmust have b 
been the TTongueTying Curse MadEye set up for 
Snape! 

Gingerly Harry took another step forward. Something 
shifted in the shadows at the end of the hall, and 
before any of them could say another word, a figure 
had risen up out of the carpet, tall, dustcolored, and 
terrible: Hermione screamed and so did Mrs. Black, 
her curtains flying open; the gray figure was gliding 
toward them, faster and faster, its waistlength hair 
and beard streaming behind it, its face sunken, 
fleshless, with empty eye sockets: Horribly familiar, 
dreadfully altered, it raised a wasted arm, pointing at 
Harry. 

No! Harry shouted, and though he had raised his 
wand no spell occurred to him. No! It wasnt us! We 
didnt kill you   

On the word kill, the figure exploded in a great cloud 
of dust: Coughing, his eyes watering, Harry looked 
around to see Hermione crouched on the floor by the 
door with her arms over her head, and Ron, who was 
shaking from head to foot, patting her clumsily on the 
shoulder and saying, Its all rright. ... Its ggone. ... 

Dust swirled around Harry like mist, catching the 
blue gaslight, as Mrs. Black continued to scream. 

  192 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Mudbloods, filth, stains of dishonor, taint of shame on 
the house of my fathers   

SHUT UP! Harry bellowed, directing his wand at her, 
and with a bang and a burst of red sparks, the 
curtains swung shut again, silencing her. 

That ... that was ... Hermione whimpered, as Ron 
helped her to her feet. 

Yeah, said Harry, but it wasnt really him, was it? 
Just something to scare Snape. 

Had it worked, Harry wondered, or had Snape already 
blasted the horrorfigure aside as casually as he had 
killed the real Dumbledore? Nerves still tingling, he 
led the other two up the hall, halfexpecting some new 
terror to reveal itself, but nothing moved except for a 
mouse skittering along the skirting board. 

Before we go any farther, I think wed better check, 
whispered Hermione, and she raised her wand and 
said, Homenum revelio. 

Nothing happened. 

Well, youve just had a big shock, said Ron kindly. 
What was that supposed to do? 

It did what I meant it to do! said Hermione rather 
crossly. That was a spell to reveal human presence, 
and theres nobody here except us! 

And old Dusty, said Ron, glancing at the patch of 
carpet from which the corpsefigure had risen. 

Lets go up, said Hermione with a frightened look at 
the same spot, and she led the way up the creaking 
stairs to the drawing room on the first floor. 

  193 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hermione waved her wand to ignite the old gas lamps, 
then, shivering slightly in the drafty room, she 
perched on the sofa, her arms wrapped tightly around 
her. Ron crossed to the window and moved the heavy 
velvet curtain aside an inch. 

Cant see anyone out there, he reported. And youd 
think, if Harry still had a Trace on him, theyd have 
followed us here. I know they cant get in the house, 
but  whats up, Harry? 

Harry had given a cry of pain: His scar had burned 
again as something flashed across his mind like a 
bright light on water. He saw a large shadow and felt 
a fury that was not his own pound through his body, 
violent and brief as an electric shock. 

What did you see? Ron asked, advancing on Harry. 
Did you see him at my place? 

No, I just felt anger  hes really angry   

But that could be at the Burrow, said Ron loudly. 
What else? Didnt you see anything? Was he cursing 
someone? 

No, I just felt anger  I couldnt tell   

Harry felt badgered, confused, and Hermione did not 
help as she said in a frightened voice, Your scar, 
again? But whats going on? I thought that 
connection had closed! 

It did, for a while, muttered Harry; his scar was still 
painful, which made it hard to concentrate. I  I 
think its started opening again whenever he loses 
control, thats how it used to   



  194 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But then youve got to close your mind! said 
Hermione shrilly. Harry, Dumbledore didnt want you 
to use that connection, he wanted you to shut it 
down, thats why you were supposed to use 
Occlumency! Otherwise Voldemort can plant false 
images in your mind, remember   

Yeah, I do remember, thanks, said Harry through 
gritted teeth; he did not need Hermione to tell him 
that Voldemort had once used this selfsame 
connection between them to lead him into a trap, nor 
that it had resulted in Siriuss death. He wished that 
he had not told them what he had seen and felt; it 
made Voldemort more threatening, as though he were 
pressing against the window of the room, and still the 
pain in his scar was building and he fought it: It was 
like resisting the urge to be sick. 

He turned his back on Ron and Hermione, pretending 
to examine the old tapestry of the Black family tree on 
the wall. Then Hermione shrieked: Harry drew his 
wand again and spun around to see a silver Patronus 
soar through the drawing room window and land 
upon the floor in front of them, where it solidified into 
the weasel that spoke with the voice of Rons father. 

Family safe, do not reply, we are being watched. 

The Patronus dissolved into nothingness. Ron let out 
a noise between a whimper and a groan and dropped 
onto the sofa: Hermione joined him, gripping his arm. 

Theyre all right, theyre all right! she whispered, 
and Ron half laughed and hugged her. 

Harry, he said over Hermiones shoulder, I   

Its not a problem, said Harry, sickened by the pain 
in his head. Its your family, course youre worried. 

  195 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Id feel the same way. He thought of Ginny. I do feel 
the same way. 

The pain in his scar was reaching a peak, burning as 
it had done in the garden of the Burrow. Faintly he 
heard Hermione say, I dont want to be on my own. 
Could we use the sleeping bags Ive brought and 
camp in here tonight? 

He heard Ron agree. He could not fight the pain much 
longer: He had to succumb. 

Bathroom, he muttered, and he left the room as fast 
as he could without running. 

He barely made it: Bolting the door behind him with 
trembling hands, he grasped his pounding head and 
fell to the floor, then in an explosion of agony, he felt 
the rage that did not belong to him possess his soul, 
saw a long room lit only by firelight, and the great 
blond Death Eater on the floor, screaming and 
writhing, and a slighter figure standing over him, 
wand outstretched, while Harry spoke in a high, cold, 
merciless voice. 

More, Rowle, or shall we end it and feed you to 
Nagini? Lord Voldemort is not sure that he will forgive 
this time. ... You called me back for this, to tell me 
that Harry Potter has escaped again? Draco, give 
Rowle another taste of our displeasure. ... Do it, or 
feel my wrath yourself! 

A log fell in the fire: Flames reared, their light darting 
across a terrified, pointed white face  with a sense 
of emerging from deep water, Harry drew heaving 
breaths and opened his eyes. 

He was spreadeagled on the cold black marble floor, 
his nose inches from one of the silver serpent tails 

  196 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that supported the large bathtub. He sat up. Malfoys 
gaunt, petrified face seemed branded on the inside of 
his eyes. Harry felt sickened by what he had seen, by 
the use to which Draco was now being put by 
Voldemort. 

There was a sharp rap on the door, and Harry jumped 
as Hermiones voice rang out. 

Harry, do you want your toothbrush? Ive got it 
here. 

Yeah, great, thanks, he said, fighting to keep his 
voice casual as he stood up to let her in. 



  197 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




10 




KREACHERS TALE 

Harry woke early next morning, wrapped in a sleeping 
bag on the drawing room floor. A chink of sky was 
visible between the heavy curtains: It was the cool, 
clear blue of watered ink, somewhere between night 
and dawn, and everything was quiet except for Ron 
and Hermiones slow, deep breathing. Harry glanced 
over at the dark shapes they made on the floor beside 
him. Ron had had a fit of gallantry and insisted that 
Hermione sleep on the cushions from the sofa, so that 
her silhouette was raised above his. Her arm curved 
to the floor, her fingers inches from Rons. Harry 
wondered whether they had fallen asleep holding 
hands. The idea made him feel strangely lonely. 

He looked up at the shadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed 
chandelier. Less than twentyfour hours ago, he had 
been standing in the sunlight at the entrance to the 
marquee, waiting to show in wedding guests. It 
seemed a lifetime away. What was going to happen 
now? He lay on the floor and he thought of the 
Horcruxes, of the daunting, complex mission 
Dumbledore had left him. ... Dumbledore ... 

  198 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  



The grief that had possessed him since Dumbledores 
death felt different now. The accusations he had 
heard from Muriel at the wedding seemed to have 
nested in his brain like diseased things, infecting his 
memories of the wizard he had idolized. Could 
Dumbledore have let such things happen? Had he 
been like Dudley, content to watch neglect and abuse 
as long as it did not affect him? Could he have turned 
his back on a sister who was being imprisoned and 
hidden? 

Harry thought of Godrics Hollow, of graves 
Dumbledore had never mentioned there; he thought 
of mysterious objects left without explanation in 
Dumbledores will, and resentment swelled in the 
darkness. Why hadnt Dumbledore told him? Why 
hadnt he explained? Had Dumbledore actually cared 
about Harry at all? Or had Harry been nothing more 
than a tool to be polished and honed, but not trusted, 
never confided in? 

Harry could not stand lying there with nothing but 
bitter thoughts for company. Desperate for something 
to do, for distraction, he slipped out of his sleeping 
bag, picked up his wand, and crept out of the room. 
On the landing he whispered, Lumos, and started to 
climb the stairs by wandlight. 

On the second landing was the bedroom in which he 
and Ron had slept last time they had been here; he 
glanced into it. The wardrobe doors stood open and 
the bedclothes had been ripped back. Harry 
remembered the overturned troll leg downstairs. 
Somebody had searched the house since the Order 
had left. Snape? Or perhaps Mundungus, who had 
pilfered plenty from this house both before and after 
Sirius died? Harrys gaze wandered to the portrait 
that sometimes contained Phineas Nigellus Black, 
Siriuss greatgreatgrandfather, but it was empty, 
  199 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




showing nothing but a stretch of muddy backdrop. 
Phineas Nigellus was evidently spending the night in 
the headmasters study at Hogwarts. 

Harry continued up the stairs until he reached the 
topmost landing, where there were only two doors. 

The one facing him bore a nameplate reading SIRIUS. 
Harry had never entered his godfathers bedroom 
before. He pushed open the door, holding his wand 
high to cast light as widely as possible. The room was 
spacious and must once have been handsome. There 
was a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a 
tall window obscured by long velvet curtains, and a 
chandelier thickly coated in dust with candle stubs 
still resting in its sockets, solid wax hanging in 
frostlike drips. A fine film of dust covered the pictures 
on the walls and the beds headboard; a spiders web 
stretched between the chandelier and the top of the 
large wooden wardrobe, and as Harry moved deeper 
into the room, he heard a scurrying of disturbed mice. 

The teenage Sirius had plastered the walls with so 
many posters and pictures that little of the walls 
silverygray silk was visible. Harry could only assume 
that Siriuss parents had been unable to remove the 
Permanent Sticking Charm that kept them on the 
wall, because he was sure they would not have 
appreciated their eldest sons taste in decoration. 
Sirius seemed to have gone out of his way to annoy 
his parents. There were several large Gryffindor 
banners, faded scarlet and gold, just to underline his 
difference from all the rest of the Slytherin family. 
There were many pictures of Muggle motorcycles, and 
also (Harry had to admire Siriuss nerve) several 
posters of bikiniclad Muggle girls; Harry could tell 
that they were Muggles because they remained quite 
stationary within their pictures, faded smiles and 
glazed eyes frozen on the paper. This was in contrast 
to the only Wizarding photograph on the walls, which 
  200 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




was a picture of four Hogwarts students standing arm 
in arm, laughing at the camera. 



With a leap of pleasure, Harry recognized his father; 
his untidy black hair stuck up at the back like 
Harrys, and he too wore glasses. Beside him was 
Sirius, carelessly handsome, his slightly arrogant face 
so much younger and happier than Harry had ever 
seen it alive. To Siriuss right stood Pettigrew, more 
than a head shorter, plump and wateryeyed, flushed 
with pleasure at his inclusion in this coolest of gangs, 
with the muchadmired rebels that James and Sirius 
had been. On Jamess left was Lupin, even then a 
little shabbylooking, but he had the same air of 
delighted surprise at finding himself liked and 
included ... or was it simply because Harry knew how 
it had been, that he saw these things in the picture? 
He tried to take it from the wall; it was his now, after 
all, Sirius had left him everything, but it would not 
budge. Sirius had taken no chances in preventing his 
parents from redecorating his room. 

Harry looked around at the floor. The sky outside was 
growing brighter: A shaft of light revealed bits of 
paper, books, and small objects scattered over the 
carpet. Evidently Siriuss bedroom had been searched 
too, although its contents seemed to have been 
judged mostly, if not entirely, worthless. A few of the 
books had been shaken roughly enough to part 
company with their covers, and sundry s littered 
the floor. 

Harry bent down, picked up a few of the pieces of 
paper, and examined them. He recognized one as part 
of an old edition of A History of Magic, by Bathilda 
Bagshot, and another as belonging to a motorcycle 
maintenance manual. The third was handwritten and 
crumpled. He smoothed it out. 



  201 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dear Padfoot, 



Thank you, thank you, for Harrys birthday present! It 
was his favorite by far. One year old and already 
zooming along on a toy broomstick, he looked so 
pleased with himself, Im enclosing a picture so you 
can see. You know it only rises about two feet off the 
ground, but he nearly killed the cat and he smashed a 
horrible vase Petunia sent me for Christmas (no 
complaints there). Of course, James thought it was so 
funny, says hes going to be a great Quidditch player, 
but weve had to pack away all the ornaments and 
make sure we dont take our eyes off him when he gets 
going. 

We had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old 
Bathilda, who has always been sweet to us and who 
dotes on Harry. We were so sorry you couldnt come, 
but the Orders got to come first, and Harrys not old 
enough to know its his birthday anyway! James is 
getting a bit frustrated shut up here, he tries not to 
show it but I can tell  also, Dumbledores still got his 
Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of little excursions. If 
you could visit, it would cheer him up so much. Wormy 
was here last weekend, I thought he seemed down, 
but that was probably the news about the McKinnons; 

I cried all evening when I heard. 

Bathilda drops in most days, shes a fascinating old 
thing with the most amazing stories about Dumbledore, 
Im not sure hed be pleased if he knew! I dont know 
how much to believe, actually, because it seems 
incredible that Dumbledore 

Harrys extremities seemed to have gone numb. He 
stood quite still, holding the miraculous paper in his 
nerveless fingers while inside him a kind of quiet 
eruption sent joy and grief thundering in equal 

  202 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




measure through his veins. Lurching to the bed, he 
sat down. 



He read the letter again, but could not take in any 
more meaning than he had done the first time, and 
was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. She 
had made her gs the same way he did: He searched 
through the letter for every one of them, and each felt 
like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. 
The letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily 
Potter had lived, really lived, that her warm hand had 
once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into 
these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, 
her son. 

Impatiently brushing away the wetness in his eyes, he 
reread the letter, this time concentrating on the 
meaning. It was like listening to a halfremembered 
voice. 

They had had a cat . . . perhaps it had perished, like 
his parents, at Godrics Hollow ... or else fled when 
there was nobody left to feed it. ... Sirius had bought 
him his first broomstick. . . . His parents had known 
Bathilda Bagshot; had Dumbledore introduced them? 
DumblecLores still got his Invisibility Cloak ... There 
was something funny there. ... 

Harry paused, pondering his mothers words. Why 
had Dumbledore taken Jamess Invisibility Cloak? 
Harry distinctly remembered his headmaster telling 
him years before, I dont need a cloak to become 
invisible. Perhaps some less gifted Order member 
had needed its assistance, and Dumbledore had acted 
as carrier? Harry passed on. ... 

Wormy was here . . . Pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed 
down, had he? Was he aware that he was seeing 
James and Lily alive for the last time? 

  203 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible stories 
about Dumbledore. It seems incredible that 
Dumbledore  

That Dumbledore what? But there were any number 
of things that would seem incredible about 
Dumbledore; that he had once received bottom marks 
in a Transfiguration test, for instance, or had taken 
up goatcharming like Aberforth. ... 

Harry got to his feet and scanned the floor: Perhaps 
the rest of the letter was here somewhere. He seized 
papers, treating them, in his eagerness, with as little 
consideration as the original searcher; he pulled open 
drawers, shook out books, stood on a chair to run his 
hand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under 
the bed and armchair. 

At last, lying facedown on the floor, he spotted what 
looked like a torn piece of paper under the chest of 
drawers. When he pulled it out, it proved to be most 
of the photograph Lily had described in her letter. A 
blackhaired baby was zooming in and out of the 
picture on a tiny broom, roaring with laughter, and a 
pair of legs that must have belonged to James was 
chasing after him. Harry tucked the photograph into 
his pocket with Lilys letter and continued to look for 
the second sheet. 

After another quarter of an hour, however, he was 
forced to conclude that the rest of his mothers letter 
was gone. Had it simply been lost in the sixteen years 
that had elapsed since it had been written, or had it 
been taken by whoever had searched the room? Harry 
read the first sheet again, this time looking for clues 
as to what might have made the second sheet 
valuable. His toy broomstick could hardly be 
considered interesting to the Death Eaters. ... The 
only potentially useful thing he could see here was 
  204 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




possible information on Dumbledore. It seems 
incredible that Dumbledore  what? 

Harry? Harry! HarryV 

Im here! he called. Whats happened? 

There was a clatter of footsteps outside the door, and 
Hermione burst inside. 

We woke up and didnt know where you were! she 
said breathlessly. She turned and shouted over her 
shoulder, Ron! Ive found him! 

Rons annoyed voice echoed distantly from several 
floors below. 

Good! Tell him from me hes a git! 

Harry, dont just disappear, please, we were terrified! 
Why did you come up here anyway? She gazed 
around the ransacked room. What have you been 
doing? 

Look what Ive just found. 

He held out his mothers letter. Hermione took it and 
read it while Harry watched her. When she reached 
the end of the  she looked up at him. 

Oh, Harry ... 

And theres this too. 

He handed her the torn photograph, and Hermione 
smiled at the baby zooming in and out of sight on the 
toy broom. 



  205 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ive been looking for the rest of the letter, Harry 
said, but its not here. 

Hermione glanced around. 

Did you make all this mess, or was some of it done 
when you got here? 

Someone had searched before me, said Harry. 

I thought so. Every room I looked into on the way up 
had been disturbed. What were they after, do you 
think? 

Information on the Order, if it was Snape. 

But youd think hed already have all he needed, I 
mean, he was in the Order, wasnt he? 

Well then, said Harry, keen to discuss his theory, 
what about information on Dumbledore? The second 
 of this letter, for instance. You know this 
Bathilda my mum mentions, you know who she is? 

Who? 

Bathilda Bagshot, the author of   

A History of Magic, said Hermione, looking 
interested. So your parents knew her? She was an 
incredible magical historian. 

And shes still alive, said Harry, and she lives in 
Godrics Hollow, Rons Auntie Muriel was talking 
about her at the wedding. She knew Dumbledore s 
family too. Be pretty interesting to talk to, wouldnt 
she? 



  206 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There was a little too much understanding in the 
smile Hermione gave him for Harrys liking. He took 
back the letter and the photograph and tucked them 
inside the pouch around his neck, so as not to have 
to look at her and give himself away. 

I understand why youd love to talk to her about your 
mum and dad, and Dumbledore too, said Hermione. 
But that wouldnt really help us in our search for the 
Horcruxes, would it? Harry did not answer, and she 
rushed on, Harry, I know you really want to go to 
Godrics Hollow, but Im scared, Im scared at how 
easily those Death Eaters found us yesterday. It just 
makes me feel more than ever that we ought to avoid 
the place where your parents are buried, Im sure 
theyd be expecting you to visit it. 

Its not just that, Harry said, still avoiding looking at 
her. Muriel said stuff about Dumbledore at the 
wedding. I want to know the truth. ... 

He told Hermione everything that Muriel had told 
him. When he had finished, Hermione said, Of 
course, I can see why thats upset you, Harry   

Im not upset, he lied, Id just like to know whether 
or not its true or   

Harry, do you really think youll get the truth from a 
malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita 
Skeeter? How can you believe them? You knew 
Dumbledore! 

I thought I did, he muttered. 

But you know how much truth there was in 
everything Rita wrote about you! Doge is right, how 
can you let these people tarnish your memories of 
Dumbledore? 

  207 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He looked away, trying not to betray the resentment 
he felt. There it was again: Choose what to believe. He 
wanted the truth. Why was everybody so determined 
that he should not get it? 

Shall we go down to the kitchen? Hermione 
suggested after a little pause. Find something for 
breakfast? 

He agreed, but grudgingly, and followed her out onto 
the landing and past the second door that led off it. 
There were deep scratch marks in the paintwork 
below a small sign that he had not noticed in the 
dark. He paused at the top of the stairs to read it. It 
was a pompous little sign, neatly lettered by hand, 
the sort of thing that Percy Weasley might have stuck 
on his bedroom door: 

Do Not Enter 

Without the Express Permission of 
Regulus Arcturus Black 

Excitement trickled through Harry, but he was not 
immediately sure why. He read the sign again. 
Hermione was already a flight of stairs below him. 

Hermione, he said, and he was surprised that his 
voice was so calm. Come back up here. 

Whats the matter? 

R.A.B. I think Ive found him. 

There was a gasp, and then Hermione ran back up 
the stairs. 

In your mums letter? But I didnt see   

  208 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry shook his head, pointing at Reguluss sign. She 
read it, then clutched Harrys arm so tightly that he 
winced. 

Siriuss brother? she whispered. 

He was a Death Eater, said Harry, Sirius told me 
about him, he joined up when he was really young 
and then got cold feet and tried to leave  so they 
killed him. 

That fits! gasped Hermione. If he was a Death Eater 
he had access to Voldemort, and if he became 
disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring 
Voldemort down! 

She released Harry, leaned over the banister, and 
screamed, Ron! RON! Get up here, quick! 

Ron appeared, panting, a minute later, his wand 
ready in his hand. 

Whats up? If its massive spiders again I want 
breakfast before I   

He frowned at the sign on Reguluss door, to which 
Hermione was silently pointing. 

What? That was Siriuss brother, wasnt it? Regulus 
Arcturus ... Regulus ... R.A.B.l The locket  you dont 
reckon  ? 

Lets find out, said Harry. He pushed the door: It 
was locked. Hermione pointed her wand at the handle 
and said, Alohomora. There was a click, and the 
door swung open. 

They moved over the threshold together, gazing 
around. Reguluss bedroom was slightly smaller than 

  209 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Siriuss, though it had the same sense of former 
grandeur. Whereas Sirius had sought to advertise his 
difference from the rest of the family, Regulus had 
striven to emphasize the opposite. The Slytherin 
colors of emerald and silver were everywhere, draping 
the bed, the walls, and the windows. The Black family 
crest was painstakingly painted over the bed, along 
with its motto, TOU JOURS PUR. Beneath this was a 
collection of yellow newspaper cuttings, all stuck 
together to make a ragged collage. Hermione crossed 
the room to examine them. 

Theyre all about Voldemort, she said. Regulus 
seems to have been a fan for a few years before he 
joined the Death Eaters. ... 

A little puff of dust rose from the bedcovers as she sat 
down to read the clippings. Harry, meanwhile, had 
noticed another photograph; a Hogwarts Quidditch 
team was smiling and waving out of the frame. He 
moved closer and saw the snakes emblazoned on 
their chests: Slytherins. Regulus was instantly 
recognizable as the boy sitting in the middle of the 
front row: He had the same dark hair and slightly 
haughty look of his brother, though he was smaller, 
slighter, and rather less handsome than Sirius had 
been. 

He played Seeker, said Harry. 

What? said Hermione vaguely; she was still 
immersed in Voldemorts press clippings. 

Hes sitting in the middle of the front row, thats 
where the Seeker ... Never mind, said Harry, realizing 
that nobody was listening: Ron was on his hands and 
knees, searching under the wardrobe. Harry looked 
around the room for likely hiding places and 
approached the desk. Yet again, somebody had 
  210 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




searched before them. The drawers contents had 
been turned over recently, the dust disturbed, but 
there was nothing of value there: old quills, outof 
date textbooks that bore evidence of being roughly 
handled, a recently smashed ink bottle, its sticky 
residue covering the contents of the drawer. 

Theres an easier way, said Hermione, as Harry 
wiped his inky fingers on his jeans. She raised her 
wand and said, Accio Locked. 

Nothing happened. Ron, who had been searching the 
folds of the faded curtains, looked disappointed. 

Is that it, then? Its not here? 

Oh, it could still be here, but under counter 
enchantments, said Hermione. Charms to prevent it 
being summoned magically, you know. 

Like Voldemort put on the stone basin in the cave, 
said Harry, remembering how he had been unable to 
Summon the fake locket. 

How are we supposed to find it then? asked Ron. 

We search manually, said Hermione. 

Thats a good idea, said Ron, rolling his eyes, and he 
resumed his examination of the curtains. 

They combed every inch of the room for more than an 
hour, but were forced, finally, to conclude that the 
locket was not there. 

The sun had risen now; its light dazzled them even 
through the grimy landing windows. 



  211 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It could be somewhere else in the house, though, 
said Hermione in a rallying tone as they walked back 
downstairs: As Harry and Ron had become more 
discouraged, she seemed to have become more 
determined. Whether hed managed to destroy it or 
not, hed want to keep it hidden from Voldemort, 
wouldnt he? Remember all those awful things we had 
to get rid of when we were here last time? That clock 
that shot bolts at everyone and those old robes that 
tried to strangle Ron; Regulus might have put them 
there to protect the lockets hiding place, even though 
we didnt realize it at ... at ... 

Harry and Ron looked at her. She was standing with 
one foot in midair, with the dumbstruck look of one 
who had just been Obliviated; her eyes had even 
drifted out of focus. 

"... at the time, she finished in a whisper. 

Something wrong? asked Ron. 

There was a locket. 

What? said Harry and Ron together. 

In the cabinet in the drawing room. Nobody could 
open it. And we ... we ... 

Harry felt as though a brick had slid down through 
his chest into his stomach. He remembered: He had 
even handled the thing as they passed it around, each 
trying in turn to prise it open. It had been tossed into 
a sack of rubbish, along with the snuffbox of Wartcap 
powder and the music box that had made everyone 
sleepy. ... 

Kreacher nicked loads of things back from us, said 
Harry. It was the only chance, the only slender hope 

  212 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




left to them, and he was going to cling to it until 
forced to let go. He had a whole stash of stuff in his 
cupboard in the kitchen. Cmon. 

He ran down the stairs taking two steps at a time, the 
other two thundering along in his wake. They made 
so much noise that they woke the portrait of Siriuss 
mother as they passed through the hall. 

Filth). Mudbloods\ Scum) she screamed after them as 
they dashed down into the basement kitchen and 
slammed the door behind them. 

Harry ran the length of the room, skidded to a halt at 
the door of Kreachers cupboard, and wrenched it 
open. There was the nest of dirty old blankets in 
which the houseelf had once slept, but they were no 
longer glittering with the trinkets Kreacher had 
salvaged. The only thing there was an old copy of 
Natures Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. Refusing to 
believe his eyes, Harry snatched up the blankets and 
shook them. A dead mouse fell out and rolled 
dismally across the floor. Ron groaned as he threw 
himself into a kitchen chair; Hermione closed her 
eyes. 

Its not over yet, said Harry, and he raised his voice 
and called,  Kreacherl 

There was a loud crack and the houseelf that Harry 
had so reluctantly inherited from Sirius appeared out 
of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: 
tiny, half humansized, his pale skin hanging off him 
in folds, white hair sprouting copiously from his 
batlike ears. He was still wearing the filthy rag in 
which they had first met him, and the contemptuous 
look he bent upon Harry showed that his attitude to 
his change of ownership had altered no more than his 
outfit. 

  213 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Master, croaked Kreacher in his bullfrogs voice, and 
he bowed low, muttering to his knees, back in my 
Mistresss old house with the bloodtraitor Weasley 
and the Mudblood   

I forbid you to call anyone blood traitor or 
Mudblood,  growled Harry. He would have found 
Kreacher, with his snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, 
a distinctly unlovable object even if the elf had not 
betrayed Sirius to Voldemort. 

Ive got a question for you, said Harry, his heart 
beating rather fast as he looked down at the elf, and 
I order you to answer it truthfully. Understand? 

Yes, Master, said Kreacher, bowing low again: Harry 
saw his lips moving soundlessly, undoubtedly framing 
the insults he was now forbidden to utter. 

Two years ago, said Harry, his heart now 
hammering against his ribs, there was a big gold 
locket in the drawing room upstairs. We threw it out. 
Did you steal it back? 

There was a moments silence, during which Kreacher 
straightened up to look Harry full in the face. Then he 
said, Yes. 

Where is it now? asked Harry jubilantly as Ron and 
Hermione looked gleeful. 

Kreacher closed his eyes as though he could not bear 
to see their reactions to his next word. 

Gone. 

Gone? echoed Harry, elation flooding out of him. 
What do you mean, its gone? 



  214 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The elf shivered. He swayed. 



Kreacher, said Harry fiercely, I order you   

Mundungus Fletcher, croaked the elf, his eyes still 
tight shut. Mundungus Fletcher stole it all: Miss 
Bellas and Miss Cissys pictures, my Mistresss 
gloves, the Order of Merlin, First Class, the goblets 
with the family crest, and  and   

Kreacher was gulping for air: His hollow chest was 
rising and falling rapidly, then his eyes flew open and 
he uttered a bloodcurdling scream. 

  and the locket, Master Reguluss locket, Kreacher 
did wrong, Kreacher failed in his orders! 

Harry reacted instinctively: As Kreacher lunged for 
the poker standing in the grate, he launched himself 
upon the elf, flattening him. Hermiones scream 
mingled with Kreachers, but Harry bellowed louder 
than both of them: Kreacher, I order you to stay 
still! 

He felt the elf freeze and released him. Kreacher lay 
flat on the cold stone floor, tears gushing from his 
sagging eyes. 

Harry, let him up! Hermione whispered. 

So he can beat himself up with the poker? snorted 
Harry, kneeling beside the elf. I dont think so. Right, 
Kreacher, I want the truth: How do you know 
Mundungus Fletcher stole the locket? 

Kreacher saw him! gasped the elf as tears poured 
over his snout and into his mouth full of graying 
teeth. Kreacher saw him coming out of Kreachers 
cupboard with his hands full of Kreachers treasures. 

  215 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Kreacher told the sneak thief to stop, but Mundungus 
Fletcher laughed and rran. ... 

You called the locket Master Regulus s,  said Harry. 
Why? Where did it come from? What did Regulus 
have to do with it? Kreacher, sit up and tell me 
everything you know about that locket, and 
everything Regulus had to do with it! 

The elf sat up, curled into a ball, placed his wet face 
between his knees, and began to rock backward and 
forward. When he spoke, his voice was muffled but 
quite distinct in the silent, echoing kitchen. 

Master Sirius ran away, good riddance, for he was a 
bad boy and broke my Mistresss heart with his 
lawless ways. But Master Regulus had proper pride; 
he knew what was due to the name of Black and the 
dignity of his pure blood. For years he talked of the 
Dark Lord, who was going to bring the wizards out of 
hiding to rule the Muggles and the Muggleborns . . . 
and when he was sixteen years old, Master Regulus 
joined the Dark Lord. So proud, so proud, so happy to 
serve ... 

And one day, a year after he had joined, Master 
Regulus came down to the kitchen to see Kreacher. 
Master Regulus always liked Kreacher. And Master 
Regulus said ... he said ... 

The old elf rocked faster than ever. 

"... he said that the Dark Lord required an elf. 

Voldemort needed an elf? Harry repeated, looking 
around at Ron and Hermione, who looked just as 
puzzled as he did. 



  216 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Oh yes, moaned Kreacher. And Master Regulus had 
volunteered Kreacher. It was an honor, said Master 
Regulus, an honor for him and for Kreacher, who 
must be sure to do whatever the Dark Lord ordered 
him to do ... and then to ccome home. 

Kreacher rocked still faster, his breath coming in 
sobs. 

So Kreacher went to the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord 
did not tell Kreacher what they were to do, but took 
Kreacher with him to a cave beside the sea. And 
beyond the cave there was a cavern, and in the 
cavern was a great black lake ... 

The hairs on the back of Harrys neck stood up. 
Kreachers croaking voice seemed to come to him from 
across that dark water. He saw what had happened 
as clearly as though he had been present. 

"... There was a boat ... 

Of course there had been a boat; Harry knew the 
boat, ghostly green and tiny, bewitched so as to carry 
one wizard and one victim toward the island in the 
center. This, then, was how Voldemort had tested the 
defenses surrounding the Horcrux: by borrowing a 
disposable creature, a houseelf ... 

There was a bbasin full of potion on the island. The 
DDark Lord made Kreacher drink it. ... 

The elf quaked from head to foot. 

Kreacher drank, and as he drank, he saw terrible 
things. ... Kreachers insides burned. ... Kreacher 
cried for Master Regulus to save him, he cried for his 
Mistress Black, but the Dark Lord only laughed. ... 

He made Kreacher drink all the potion. ... He dropped 
  217 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




a locket into the empty basin. ... He filled it with more 
potion. 

And then the Dark Lord sailed away, leaving 
Kreacher on the island. ... 

Harry could see it happening. He watched 
Voldemorts white, snakelike face vanishing into 
darkness, those red eyes fixed pitilessly on the 
thrashing elf whose death would occur within 
minutes, whenever he succumbed to the desperate 
thirst that the burning potion caused its victim. ... 

But here, Harrys imagination could go no further, for 
he could not see how Kreacher had escaped. 

Kreacher needed water, he crawled to the islands 
edge and he drank from the black lake ... and hands, 
dead hands, came out of the water and dragged 
Kreacher under the surface. ... 

How did you get away? Harry asked, and he was not 
surprised to hear himself whispering. 

Kreacher raised his ugly head and looked at Harry 
with his great, bloodshot eyes. 

Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back, he 
said. 

I know  but how did you escape the Inferi? 

Kreacher did not seem to understand. 

Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back, he 
repeated. 

I know, but   



  218 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Well, its obvious, isnt it, Harry? said Ron. He 
Disapparated! 

But ... you couldnt Apparate in and out of that 
cave, said Harry, otherwise Dumbledore   

Elf magic isnt like wizards magic, is it? said Ron. I 
mean, they can Apparate and Disapparate in and out 
of Hogwarts when we cant. 

There was silence as Harry digested this. How could 
Voldemort have made such a mistake? But even as he 
thought this, Hermione spoke, and her voice was icy. 

Of course, Voldemort would have considered the 
ways of houseelves far beneath his notice, just like 
all the purebloods who treat them like animals. ... It 
would never have occurred to him that they might 
have magic that he didnt. 

The houseelfs highest law is his Masters bidding, 
intoned Kreacher. Kreacher was told to come home, 
so Kreacher came home. ... 

Well, then, you did what you were told, didnt you? 
said Hermione kindly. You didnt disobey orders at 
all! 

Kreacher shook his head, rocking as fast as ever. 

So what happened when you got back? Harry asked. 
What did Regulus say when you told him what had 
happened? 

Master Regulus was very worried, very worried, 
croaked Kreacher. Master Regulus told Kreacher to 
stay hidden and not to leave the house. And then ... it 
was a little while later . . . Master Regulus came to find 
Kreacher in his cupboard one night, and Master 
  219 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Regulus was strange, not as he usually was, 
disturbed in his mind, Kreacher could tell . . . and he 
asked Kreacher to take him to the cave, the cave 
where Kreacher had gone with the Dark Lord. ... 

And so they had set off. Harry could visualize them 
quite clearly, the frightened old elf and the thin, dark 
Seeker who had so resembled Sirius. ... Kreacher 
knew how to open the concealed entrance to the 
underground cavern, knew how to raise the tiny boat; 
this time it was his beloved Regulus who sailed with 
him to the island with its basin of poison. ... 

And he made you drink the potion? said Harry, 
disgusted. 

But Kreacher shook his head and wept. Hermiones 
hands leapt to her mouth: She seemed to have 
understood something. 

MMaster Regulus took from his pocket a locket like 
the one the Dark Lord had, said Kreacher, tears 
pouring down either side of his snoutlike nose. And 
he told Kreacher to take it and, when the basin was 
empty, to switch the lockets. ... 

Kreachers sobs came in great rasps now; Harry had 
to concentrate hard to understand him. 

And he ordered  Kreacher to leave  without him. 
And he told Kreacher  to go home  and never to 
tell my Mistress  what he had done  but to 
destroy  the first locket. And he drank  all the 
potion  and Kreacher swapped the lockets  and 
watched ... as Master Regulus . . . was dragged 
beneath the water ... and ... 

Oh, Kreacher! wailed Hermione, who was crying. 

She dropped to her knees beside the elf and tried to 

  220 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




hug him. At once he was on his feet, cringing away 
from her, quite obviously repulsed. 

The Mudblood touched Kreacher, he will not allow it, 
what would his Mistress say? 

I told you not to call her Mudblood! snarled Harry, 
but the elf was already punishing himself: He fell to 
the ground and banged his forehead on the floor. 

Stop him  stop him! Hermione cried. Oh, dont 
you see now how sick it is, the way theyve got to 
obey? 

Kreacher  stop, stop! shouted Harry. 

The elf lay on the floor, panting and shivering, green 
mucus glistening around his snout, a bruise already 
blooming on his pallid forehead where he had struck 
himself, his eyes swollen and bloodshot and 
swimming in tears. Harry had never seen anything so 
pitiful. 

So you brought the locket home, he said 
relentlessly, for he was determined to know the full 
story. And you tried to destroy it? 

Nothing Kreacher did made any mark upon it, 
moaned the elf. Kreacher tried everything, everything 
he knew, but nothing, nothing would work. ... So 
many powerful spells upon the casing, Kreacher was 
sure the way to destroy it was to get inside it, but it 
would not open. . . . Kreacher punished himself, he 
tried again, he punished himself, he tried again. 
Kreacher failed to obey orders, Kreacher could not 
destroy the locket! And his Mistress was mad with 
grief, because Master Regulus had disappeared, and 
Kreacher could not tell her what had happened, no, 



  221 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




because Master Regulus had ffforbidden him to tell 
any of the fffamily what happened in the ccave. ... 

Kreacher began to sob so hard that there were no 
more coherent words. Tears flowed down Hermiones 
cheeks as she watched Kreacher, but she did not dare 
touch him again. Even Ron, who was no fan of 
Kreachers, looked troubled. Harry sat back on his 
heels and shook his head, trying to clear it. 

I dont understand you, Kreacher, he said finally. 
Voldemort tried to kill you, Regulus died to bring 
Voldemort down, but you were still happy to betray 
Sirius to Voldemort? You were happy to go to 
Narcissa and Bellatrix, and pass information to 
Voldemort through them. ... 

Harry, Kreacher doesnt think like that, said 
Hermione, wiping her eyes on the back of her hand. 
Hes a slave; houseelves are used to bad, even 
brutal treatment; what Voldemort did to Kreacher 
wasnt that far out of the common way. What do 
wizard wars mean to an elf like Kreacher? Hes loyal 
to people who are kind to him, and Mrs. Black must 
have been, and Regulus certainly was, so he served 
them willingly and parroted their beliefs. I know what 
youre going to say, she went on as Harry began to 
protest, that Regulus changed his mind . . . but he 
doesnt seem to have explained that to Kreacher, does 
he? And I think I know why. Kreacher and Regulus s 
family were all safer if they kept to the old pureblood 
line. Regulus was trying to protect them all. 

Sirius   

Sirius was horrible to Kreacher, Harry, and its no 
good looking like that, you know its true. Kreacher 
had been alone for a long time when Sirius came to 
live here, and he was probably starving for a bit of 

  222 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




affection. Im sure Miss Cissy and Miss Bella were 
perfectly lovely to Kreacher when he turned up, so he 
did them a favor and told them everything they 
wanted to know. Ive said all along that wizards would 
pay for how they treat houseelves. Well, Voldemort 
did ... and so did Sirius. 

Harry had no retort. As he watched Kreacher sobbing 
on the floor, he remembered what Dumbledore had 
said to him, mere hours after Siriuss death: I do not 
think Sirius ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings 
as acute as a humans. ... 

Kreacher, said Harry after a while, when you feel 
up to it, er ... please sit up. 

It was several minutes before Kreacher hiccuped 
himself into silence. Then he pushed himself into a 
sitting position again, rubbing his knuckles into his 
eyes like a small child. 

Kreacher, I am going to ask you to do something, 
said Harry. He glanced at Hermione for assistance. He 
wanted to give the order kindly, but at the same time, 
he could not pretend that it was not an order. 
However, the change in his tone seemed to have 
gained her approval: She smiled encouragingly. 

Kreacher, I want you, please, to go and find 
Mundungus Fletcher. We need to find out where the 
locket  where Master Reguluss locket is. Its really 
important. We want to finish the work Master 
Regulus started, we want to  er  ensure that he 
didnt die in vain. 

Kreacher dropped his fists and looked up at Harry. 
Find Mundungus Fletcher? he croaked. 



  223 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And bring him here, to Grimmauld Place, said 
Harry. Do you think you could do that for us? 

As Kreacher nodded and got to his feet, Harry had a 
sudden inspiration. He pulled out Hagrids purse and 
took out the fake Horcrux, the substitute locket in 
which Regulus had placed the note to Voldemort. 

Kreacher, Id, er, like you to have this, he said, 
pressing the locket into the elfs hand. This belonged 
to Regulus and Im sure hed want you to have it as a 
token of gratitude for what you   

Overkill, mate, said Ron as the elf took one look at 
the locket, let out a howl of shock and misery, and 
threw himself back onto the ground. 

It took them nearly half an hour to calm down 
Kreacher, who was so overcome to be presented with 
a Black family heirloom for his very own that he was 
too weak at the knees to stand properly. When finally 
he was able to totter a few steps they all accompanied 
him to his cupboard, watched him tuck up the locket 
safely in his dirty blankets, and assured him that 
they would make its protection their first priority 
while he was away. He then made two low bows to 
Harry and Ron, and even gave a funny little spasm in 
Hermiones direction that might have been an attempt 
at a respectful salute, before Disapparating with the 
usual loud crack. 



  224 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE BRIBE 

If Kreacher could escape a lake full of Inferi, Harry 
was confident that the capture of Mundungus would 
take a few hours at most, and he prowled the house 
all morning in a state of high anticipation. However, 
Kreacher did not return that morning or even that 
afternoon. By nightfall, Harry felt discouraged and 
anxious, and a supper composed largely of moldy 
bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety of 
unsuccessful Transfigurations, did nothing to help. 

Kreacher did not return the following day, nor the day 
after that. However, two cloaked men had appeared in 
the square outside number twelve, and they remained 
there into the night, gazing in the direction of the 
house that they could not see. 

Death Eaters, for sure, said Ron, as he, Harry, and 
Hermione watched from the drawing room windows. 
Reckon they know were in here? 



  225 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



I dont think so, said Hermione, though she looked 
frightened, or theyd have sent Snape in after us, 
wouldnt they? 

Dyou reckon hes been in here and had his tongue 
tied by Moodys curse? asked Ron. 

Yes, said Hermione, otherwise hed have been able 
to tell that lot how to get in, wouldnt he? But theyre 
probably watching to see whether we turn up. They 
know that Harry owns the house, after all. 

How do they  ? began Harry. 

Wizarding wills are examined by the Ministry, 
remember? Theyll know Sirius left you the place. 

The presence of the Death Eaters outside increased 
the ominous mood inside number twelve. They had 
not heard a word from anyone beyond Grimmauld 
Place since Mr. Weasleys Patronus, and the strain 
was starting to tell. Restless and irritable, Ron had 
developed an annoying habit of playing with the 
Deluminator in his pocket: This particularly 
infuriated Hermione, who was whiling away the wait 
for Kreacher by studying The Tales of Beedle the Bard 
and did not appreciate the way the lights kept 
flashing on and off. 

Will you stop it! she cried on the third evening of 
Kreachers absence, as all light was sucked from the 
drawing room yet again. 

Sorry, sorry! said Ron, clicking the Deluminator and 
restoring the lights. I dont know Im doing it! 

Well, cant you find something useful to occupy 
yourself? 



  226 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What, like reading kids stories? 

Dumbledore left me this book, Ron   

  and he left me the Deluminator, maybe Im 
supposed to use it! 

Unable to stand the bickering, Harry slipped out of 
the room unnoticed by either of them. He headed 
downstairs toward the kitchen, which he kept visiting 
because he was sure that was where Kreacher was 
most likely to reappear. Halfway down the flight of 
stairs into the hall, however, he heard a tap on the 
front door, then metallic clicks and the grinding of the 
chain. 

Every nerve in his body seemed to tauten: He pulled 
out his wand, moved into the shadows beside the 
decapitated elf heads, and waited. The door opened: 
He saw a glimpse of the lamplit square outside, and a 
cloaked figure edged into the hall and closed the door 
behind it. The intruder took a step forward, and 
Moodys voice asked, Severus Snape ? Then the dust 
figure rose from the end of the hall and rushed him, 
raising its dead hand. 

It was not I who killed you, Albus, said a quiet voice. 

The jinx broke: The dustfigure exploded again, and it 
was impossible to make out the newcomer through 
the dense gray cloud it left behind. 

Harry pointed his wand into the middle of it. 

Dont move! 

He had forgotten the portrait of Mrs. Black: At the 
sound of his yell, the curtains hiding her flew open 



  227 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and she began to scream, Mudbloods and filth 
dishonoring my house   

Ron and Hermione came crashing down the stairs 
behind Harry, wands pointing, like his, at the 
unknown man now standing with his arms raised in 
the hall below. 

Hold your fire, its me, Remus! 

Oh, thank goodness, said Hermione weakly, 
pointing her wand at Mrs. Black instead; with a bang, 
the curtains swished shut again and silence fell. Ron 
too lowered his wand, but Harry did not. 

Show yourself! he called back. 

Lupin moved forward into the lamplight, hands still 
held high in a gesture of surrender. 

I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known 
as Moony, one of the four creators of the Marauders 
Map, married to Nymphadora, usually known as 
Tonks, and I taught you how to produce a Patronus, 
Harry, which takes the form of a stag. 

Oh, all right, said Harry, lowering his wand, but I 
had to check, didnt I? 

Speaking as your exDefense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher, I quite agree that you had to check. Ron, 
Hermione, you shouldnt be quite so quick to lower 
your defenses. 

They ran down the stairs toward him. Wrapped in a 
thick black traveling cloak, he looked exhausted, but 
pleased to see them. 

No sign of Severus, then? he asked. 

  228 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, said Harry. Whats going on? Is everyone 
okay? 

Yes, said Lupin, but were all being watched. There 
are a couple of Death Eaters in the square outside   

We know   

I had to Apparate very precisely onto the top step 
outside the front door to be sure that they would not 
see me. They cant know youre in here or Im sure 
theyd have more people out there; theyre staking out 
everywhere thats got any connection with you, Harry. 
Lets go downstairs, theres a lot to tell you, and I 
want to know what happened after you left the 
Burrow. 

They descended into the kitchen, where Hermione 
pointed her wand at the grate. A fire sprang up 
instantly: It gave the illusion of coziness to the stark 
stone walls and glistened off the long wooden table. 
Lupin pulled a few butterbeers from beneath his 
traveling cloak and they sat down. 

Id have been here three days ago but I needed to 
shake off the Death Eater tailing me, said Lupin. So, 
you came straight here after the wedding? 

No, said Harry, only after we ran into a couple of 
Death Eaters in a cafe on Tottenham Court Road. 

Lupin slopped most of his butterbeer down his front. 

 What ? 

They explained what had happened; when they had 
finished, Lupin looked aghast. 



  229 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But how did they find you so quickly? Its impossible 
to track anyone who Apparates, unless you grab hold 
of them as they disappear! 

And it doesnt seem likely they were just strolling 
down Tottenham Court Road at the time, does it? 
said Harry. 

We wondered, said Hermione tentatively, whether 
Harry could still have the Trace on him? 

Impossible, said Lupin. Ron looked smug, and 
Harry felt hugely relieved. Apart from anything else, 
theyd know for sure Harry was here if he still had the 
Trace on him, wouldnt they? But I cant see how they 
could have tracked you to Tottenham Court Road, 
thats worrying, really worrying. 

He looked disturbed, but as far as Harry was 
concerned, that question could wait. 

Tell us what happened after we left, we havent heard 
a thing since Rons dad told us the family were safe. 

Well, Kingsley saved us, said Lupin. Thanks to his 
warning most of the wedding guests were able to 
Disapparate before they arrived. 

Were they Death Eaters or Ministry people? 
interjected Hermione. 

A mixture; but to all intents and purposes theyre the 
same thing now, said Lupin. There were about a 
dozen of them, but they didnt know you were there, 
Harry. Arthur heard a rumor that they tried to torture 
your whereabouts out of Scrimgeour before they killed 
him; if its true, he didnt give you away. 



  230 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry looked at Ron and Hermione; their expressions 
reflected the mingled shock and gratitude he felt. He 
had never liked Scrimgeour much, but if what Lupin 
said was true, the mans final act had been to try to 
protect Harry. 

The Death Eaters searched the Burrow from top to 
bottom, Lupin went on. They found the ghoul, but 
didnt want to get too close  and then they 
interrogated those of us who remained for hours. 

They were trying to get information on you, Harry, but 
of course nobody apart from the Order knew that you 
had been there. 

At the same time that they were smashing up the 
wedding, more Death Eaters were forcing their way 
into every Orderconnected house in the country. No 
deaths, he added quickly, forestalling the question, 
but they were rough. They burned down Dedalus 
Diggles house, but as you know he wasnt there, and 
they used the Cruciatus Curse on Tonkss family. 
Again, trying to find out where you went after you 
visited them. Theyre all right  shaken, obviously, 
but otherwise okay. 

The Death Eaters got through all those protective 
charms? Harry asked, remembering how effective 
these had been on the night he had crashed in 
Tonkss parents garden. 

What youve got to realize, Harry, is that the Death 
Eaters have got the full might of the Ministry on their 
side now, said Lupin. Theyve got the power to 
perform brutal spells without fear of identification or 
arrest. They managed to penetrate every defensive 
spell wed cast against them, and once inside, they 
were completely open about why theyd come. 



  231 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And are they bothering to give an excuse for 
torturing Harrys whereabouts out of people? asked 
Hermione, an edge to her voice. 

Well, said Lupin. He hesitated, then pulled out a 
folded copy of the Daily Prophet 

Here, he said, pushing it across the table to Harry, 
youll know sooner or later anyway. Thats their 
pretext for going after you. 

Harry smoothed out the paper. A huge photograph of 
his own face filled the front . He read the 
headline over it: 

WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT 

THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE 

Ron and Hermione gave roars of outrage, but Harry 
said nothing. He pushed the newspaper away; he did 
not want to read any more: He knew what it would 
say. Nobody but those who had been on top of the 
tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really 
killed him and, as Rita Skeeter had already told the 
Wizarding world, Harry had been seen running from 
the place moments after Dumbledore had fallen. 

Im sorry, Harry, Lupin said. 

So Death Eaters have taken over the Daily Prophet 
too? asked Hermione furiously. 

Lupin nodded. 

But surely people realize whats going on? 

The coup has been smooth and virtually silent, said 
Lupin. The official version of Scrimgeours murder is 

  232 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that he resigned; he has been replaced by Pius 
Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curse. 

Why didnt Voldemort declare himself Minister of 
Magic? asked Ron. 

Lupin laughed. 

He doesnt need to, Ron. Effectively he is the 
Minister, but why should he sit behind a desk at the 
Ministry? His puppet, Thicknesse, is taking care of 
everyday business, leaving Voldemort free to extend 
his power beyond the Ministry. 

Naturally many people have deduced what has 
happened: There has been such a dramatic change in 
Ministry policy in the last few days, and many are 
whispering that Voldemort must be behind it. 
However, that is the point: They whisper. They darent 
confide in each other, not knowing whom to trust; 
they are scared to speak out, in case their suspicions 
are true and their families are targeted. Yes, 

Voldemort is playing a very clever game. Declaring 
himself might have provoked open rebellion: 
Remaining masked has created confusion, 
uncertainty, and fear. 

And this dramatic change in Ministry policy, said 
Harry, involves warning the Wizarding world against 
me instead of Voldemort? 

Thats certainly part of it, said Lupin, and it is a 
masterstroke. Now that Dumbledore is dead, you  
the Boy Who Lived  were sure to be the symbol and 
rallying point for any resistance to Voldemort. But by 
suggesting that you had a hand in the old heros 
death, Voldemort has not only set a price upon your 
head, but sown doubt and fear amongst many who 
would have defended you. 

  233 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Meanwhile, the Ministry has started moving against 
Muggleborns. 

Lupin pointed at the Daily Prophet 
Look at  two. 

Hermione turned the s with much the same 
expression of distaste she had worn when handling 
Secrets of the Darkest Art 

 Muggleborn Register,  she read aloud.  The 
Ministry of Magic is undertaking a survey of socalled 
Muggleborns, the better to understand how they 
came to possess magical secrets. 

 Recent research undertaken by the Department of 
Mysteries reveals that magic can only be passed from 
person to person when Wizards reproduce. Where no 
proven Wizarding ancestry exists, therefore, the so 
called Muggleborn is likely to have obtained magical 
power by theft or force. 

 The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers 
of magical power, and to this end has issued an 
invitation to every socalled Muggleborn to present 
themselves for interview by the newly appointed 
Muggleborn Registration Commission.  

People wont let this happen, said Ron. 

It is happening, Ron, said Lupin. Muggleborns are 
being rounded up as we speak. 

But how are they supposed to have stolen magic? 
said Ron. Its mental, if you could steal magic there 
wouldnt be any Squibs, would there? 



  234 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I know, said Lupin. Nevertheless, unless you can 
prove that you have at least one close Wizarding 
relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your 
magical power illegally and must suffer the 
punishment. 

Ron glanced at Hermione, then said, What if 
purebloods and halfbloods swear a Muggleborns 
part of their family? Ill tell everyone Hermione s my 
cousin   

Hermione covered Rons hand with hers and squeezed 
it. 

Thank you, Ron, but I couldnt let you   

You wont have a choice, said Ron fiercely, gripping 
her hand back. Ill teach you my family tree so you 
can answer questions on it. 

Hermione gave a shaky laugh. 

Ron, as were on the run with Harry Potter, the most 
wanted person in the country, I dont think it matters. 
If I was going back to school it would be different. 
Whats Voldemort planning for Hogwarts? she asked 
Lupin. 

Attendance is now compulsory for every young witch 
and wizard, he replied. That was announced 
yesterday. Its a change, because it was never 
obligatory before. Of course, nearly every witch and 
wizard in Britain has been educated at Hogwarts, but 
their parents had the right to teach them at home or 
send them abroad if they preferred. This way, 
Voldemort will have the whole Wizarding population 
under his eye from a young age. And its also another 
way of weeding out Muggleborns, because students 
must be given Blood Status  meaning that they 
  235 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




have proven to the Ministry that they are of Wizard 
descent  before they are allowed to attend. 

Harry felt sickened and angry: At this moment, 
excited elevenyearolds would be poring over stacks 
of newly purchased spellbooks, unaware that they 
would never see Hogwarts, perhaps never see their 
families again either. 

Its ... its ... he muttered, struggling to find words 
that did justice to the horror of his thoughts, but 
Lupin said quietly, 

I know. 

Lupin hesitated. 

Ill understand if you cant confirm this, Harry, but 
the Order is under the impression that Dumbledore 
left you a mission. 

He did, Harry replied, and Ron and Hermione are 
in on it and theyre coming with me. 

Can you confide in me what the mission is? 

Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed 
in thick but graying hair, and wished that he could 
return a different answer. 

I cant, Remus, Im sorry. If Dumbledore didnt tell 
you I dont think I can. 

I thought youd say that, said Lupin, looking 
disappointed. But I might still be of some use to you. 
You know what I am and what I can do. I could come 
with you to provide protection. There would be no 
need to tell me exactly what you were up to. 



  236 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry hesitated. It was a very tempting offer, though 
how they would be able to keep their mission secret 
from Lupin if he were with them all the time he could 
not imagine. 

Hermione, however, looked puzzled. 

But what about Tonks? she asked. 

What about her? said Lupin. 

Well, said Hermione, frowning, youre married! How 
does she feel about you going away with us? 

Tonks will be perfectly safe, said Lupin. Shell be at 
her parents house. 

There was something strange in Lupins tone; it was 
almost cold. There was also something odd in the idea 
of Tonks remaining hidden at her parents house; she 
was, after all, a member of the Order and, as far as 
Harry knew, was likely to want to be in the thick of 
the action. 

Remus, said Hermione tentatively, is everything all 
right . . . you know . . . between you and   

Everything is fine, thank you, said Lupin pointedly. 

Hermione turned pink. There was another pause, an 
awkward and embarrassed one, and then Lupin said, 
with an air of forcing himself to admit something 
unpleasant, Tonks is going to have a baby. 

Oh, how wonderful! squealed Hermione. 

Excellent! said Ron enthusiastically. 

Congratulations, said Harry. 

  237 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Lupin gave an artificial smile that was more like a 
grimace, then said, So ... do you accept my offer? 

Will three become four? I cannot believe that 
Dumbledore would have disapproved, he appointed 
me your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, after 
all. And I must tell you that I believe that we are 
facing magic many of us have never encountered or 
imagined. 

Ron and Hermione both looked at Harry. 

Just  just to be clear, he said. You want to leave 
Tonks at her parents house and come away with us? 

Shell be perfectly safe there, theyll look after her, 
said Lupin. He spoke with a finality bordering on 
indifference. Harry, Im sure James would have 
wanted me to stick with you. 

Well, said Harry slowly, Im not. Im pretty sure my 
father would have wanted to know why you arent 
sticking with your own kid, actually. 

Lupins face drained of color. The temperature in the 
kitchen might have dropped ten degrees. Ron stared 
around the room as though he had been bidden to 
memorize it, while Hermione s eyes swiveled 
backward and forward from Harry to Lupin. 

You dont understand, said Lupin at last. 

Explain, then, said Harry. 

Lupin swallowed. 

I  I made a grave mistake in marrying Tonks. I did 
it against my better judgment and I have regretted it 
very much ever since. 



  238 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I see, said Harry, so youre just going to dump her 
and the kid and run off with us? 

Lupin sprang to his feet: His chair toppled over 
backward, and he glared at them so fiercely that 
Harry saw, for the first time ever, the shadow of the 
wolf upon his human face. 

Dont you understand what Ive done to my wife and 
my unborn child? I should never have married her, 
Ive made her an outcast! 

Lupin kicked aside the chair he had overturned. 

You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or 
under Dumbledores protection at Hogwarts! You 
dont know how most of the Wizarding world sees 
creatures like me! When they know of my affliction, 
they can barely talk to me! Dont you see what Ive 
done? Even her own family is disgusted by our 
marriage, what parents want their only daughter to 
marry a werewolf? And the child  the child   

Lupin actually seized handfuls of his own hair; he 
looked quite deranged. 

My kind dont usually breed! It will be like me, I am 
convinced of it  how can I forgive myself, when I 
knowingly risked passing on my own condition to an 
innocent child? And if, by some miracle, it is not like 
me, then it will be better off, a hundred times so, 
without a father of whom it must always be 
ashamed! 

Remus! whispered Hermione, tears in her eyes. 
Dont say that  how could any child be ashamed of 
you? 



  239 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Oh, I dont know, Hermione, said Harry. Id be 
pretty ashamed of him. 

Harry did not know where his rage was coming from, 
but it had propelled him to his feet too. Lupin looked 
as though Harry had hit him. 

If the new regime thinks Muggleborns are bad, 
Harry said, what will they do to a halfwerewolf 
whose fathers in the Order? My father died trying to 
protect my mother and me, and you reckon hed tell 
you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with 
us? 

How  how dare you? said Lupin. This is not about 
a desire for  for danger or personal glory  how 
dare you suggest such a   

I think youre feeling a bit of a daredevil, Harry said. 
You fancy stepping into Siriuss shoes   

Harry, no! Hermione begged him, but he continued 
to glare into Lupins livid face. 

Id never have believed this, Harry said. The man 
who taught me to fight dementors  a coward. 

Lupin drew his wand so fast that Harry had barely 
reached for his own; there was a loud bang and he 
felt himself flying backward as if punched; as he 
slammed into the kitchen wall and slid to the floor, he 
glimpsed the tail of Lupins cloak disappearing 
around the door. 

Remus, Remus, come back! Hermione cried, but 
Lupin did not respond. A moment later they heard the 
front door slam. 

Harry! wailed Hermione. How could you? 

  240 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It was easy, said Harry. He stood up; he could feel a 
lump swelling where his head had hit the wall. He 
was still so full of anger he was shaking. 

Dont look at me like that! he snapped at Hermione. 

Dont you start on her! snarled Ron. 

No  no  we mustnt fight! said Hermione, 
launching herself between them. 

You shouldnt have said that stuff to Lupin, Ron 
told Harry. 

He had it coming to him, said Harry. Broken images 
were racing each other through his mind: Sirius 
falling through the veil; Dumbledore suspended, 
broken, in midair; a flash of green light and his 
mothers voice, begging for mercy ... 

Parents, said Harry, shouldnt leave their kids 
unless  unless theyve got to. 

Harry   said Hermione, stretching out a consoling 
hand, but he shrugged it off and walked away, his 
eyes on the fire Hermione had conjured. He had once 
spoken to Lupin out of that fireplace, seeking 
reassurance about James, and Lupin had consoled 
him. Now Lupins tortured white face seemed to swim 
in the air before him. He felt a sickening surge of 
remorse. Neither Ron nor Hermione spoke, but Harry 
felt sure that they were looking at each other behind 
his back, communicating silently. 

He turned around and caught them turning hurriedly 
away from each other. 

I know I shouldnt have called him a coward. 



  241 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, you shouldnt, said Ron at once. 



But hes acting like one. 

All the same ... said Hermione. 

I know, said Harry. But if it makes him go back to 
Tonks, itll be worth it, wont it? 

He could not keep the plea out of his voice. Hermione 
looked sympathetic, Ron uncertain. Harry looked 
down at his feet, thinking of his father. Would James 
have backed Harry in what he had said to Lupin, or 
would he have been angry at how his son had treated 
his old friend? 

The silent kitchen seemed to hum with the shock of 
the recent scene and with Ron and Hermione s 
unspoken reproaches. The Daily Prophet Lupin had 
brought was still lying on the table, Harrys own face 
staring up at the ceiling from the front . He 
walked over to it and sat down, opened the paper at 
random, and pretended to read. He could not take in 
the words; his mind was still too full of the encounter 
with Lupin. He was sure that Ron and Hermione had 
resumed their silent communications on the other 
side of the Prophet He turned a  loudly, and 
Dumbledores name leapt out at him. It was a 
moment or two before he took in the meaning of the 
photograph, which showed a family group. Beneath 
the photograph were the words: The Dumbledore 
family, left to right: Albus; Percival, holding newborn 
Ariana; Kendra; and Aberforth. 

His attention caught, Harry examined the picture 
more carefully. Dumbledores father, Percival, was a 
goodlooking man with eyes that seemed to twinkle 
even in this faded old photograph. The baby, Ariana, 
was little longer than a loaf of bread and no more 
  242 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




distinctivelooking. The mother, Kendra, had jetblack 
hair pulled into a high bun. Her face had a carved 
quality about it. Harry thought of photos of Native 
Americans hed seen as he studied her dark eyes, 
high cheekbones, and straight nose, formally 
composed above a highnecked silk gown. Albus and 
Aberforth wore matching lacy collared jackets and 
had identical, shoulderlength hairstyles. Albus 
looked several years older, but otherwise the two boys 
looked very alike, for this was before Albus s nose had 
been broken and before he started wearing glasses. 

The family looked quite happy and normal, smiling 
serenely up out of the newspaper. Baby Arianas arm 
waved vaguely out of her shawl. Harry looked above 
the picture and saw the headline: 

EXCLUSIVE EXTRACT FROM THE UPCOMING 
BIOGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE 

by Rita Skeeter 

Thinking that it could hardly make him feel any worse 
than he already did, Harry began to read: 

Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not 
bear to remain in MouldontheWold after her 
husband Percivals wellpublicized arrest and 
imprisonment in Azkaban. She therefore decided to 
uproot the family and relocate to Godrics Hollow, the 
village that was later to gain fame as the scene of 
Harry Potters strange escape from YouKnowWho. 

Like MouldontheWold, Godrics Hollow was home to 
a number of Wizarding families, but as Kendra knew 
none of them, she would be spared the curiosity 
about her husbands crime she had faced in her 
former village. By repeatedly rebuffing the friendly 



  243 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




advances of her new Wizarding neighbors, she soon 
ensured that her family was left well alone. 

Slammed the door in my face when I went around to 
welcome her with a batch of homemade Cauldron 
Cakes, says Bathilda Bagshot. The first year they 
were there I only ever saw the two boys. Wouldnt 
have known there was a daughter if I hadnt been 
picking Plangentines by moonlight the winter after they 
moved in, and saw Kendra leading Ariana out into the 
back garden. Walked her round the lawn once, keeping 
a firm grip on her, then took her back inside. Didnt 
know what to make of it.  

It seems that Kendra thought the move to Godrics 
Hollow was the perfect opportunity to hide Ariana 
once and for all, something she had probably been 
planning for years. The timing was significant. Ariana 
was barely seven years old when she vanished from 
sight, and seven is the age by which most experts 
agree that magic will have revealed itself, if present. 
Nobody now alive remembers Ariana ever 
demonstrating even the slightest sign of magical 
ability. It seems clear, therefore, that Kendra made a 
decision to hide her daughters existence rather than 
suffer the shame of admitting that she had produced 
a Squib. Moving away from the friends and neighbors 
who knew Ariana would, of course, make imprisoning 
her all the easier. The tiny number of people who 
henceforth knew of Arianas existence could be 
counted upon to keep the secret, including her two 
brothers, who deflected awkward questions with the 
answer their mother had taught them: My sister is 
too frail for school. 

Next week: Albus Dumbledore at Hogwarts  the 
Prizes and the Pretense. 



  244 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry had been wrong: What he had read had indeed 
made him feel worse. He looked back at the 
photograph of the apparently happy family. Was it 
true? How could he find out? He wanted to go to 
Godrics Hollow, even if Bathilda was in no fit state to 
talk to him; he wanted to visit the place where he and 
Dumbledore had both lost loved ones. He was in the 
process of lowering the newspaper, to ask Rons and 
Hermiones opinions, when a deafening crack echoed 
around the kitchen. 

For the first time in three days Harry had forgotten all 
about Kreacher. His immediate thought was that 
Lupin had burst back into the room, and for a split 
second, he did not take in the mass of struggling 
limbs that had appeared out of thin air right beside 
his chair. He hurried to his feet as Kreacher 
disentangled himself and, bowing low to Harry, 
croaked, Kreacher has returned with the thief 
Mundungus Fletcher, Master. 

Mundungus scrambled up and pulled out his wand; 
Hermione, however, was too quick for him. 

Expelliarmusl 

Mundungus s wand soared into the air, and Hermione 
caught it. Wildeyed, Mundungus dived for the stairs: 
Ron rugbytackled him and Mundungus hit the stone 
floor with a muffled crunch. 

What? he bellowed, writhing in his attempts to free 
himself from Rons grip. Whave I done? Setting a 
bleedin ouseelf on me, what are you playing at, 
whave I done, lemme go, lemme go, or   

Youre not in much of a position to make threats, 
said Harry. He threw aside the newspaper, crossed 
the kitchen in a few strides, and dropped to his knees 

  245 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




beside Mundungus, who stopped struggling and 
looked terrified. Ron got up, panting, and watched as 
Harry pointed his wand deliberately at Mundungus s 
nose. Mundungus stank of stale sweat and tobacco 
smoke: His hair was matted and his robes stained. 

Kreacher apologizes for the delay in bringing the 
thief, Master, croaked the elf. Fletcher knows how to 
avoid capture, has many hideyholes and 
accomplices. Nevertheless, Kreacher cornered the 
thief in the end. 

Youve done really well, Kreacher, said Harry, and 
the elf bowed low. 

Right, weve got a few questions for you, Harry told 
Mundungus, who shouted at once, 

I panicked, okay? I never wanted to come along, no 
offense, mate, but I never volunteered to die for you, 
an that was bleedin YouKnowWho come flying at 
me, anyone woulda got outta there, I said all along I 
didnt wanna do it   

For your information, none of the rest of us 
Disapparated, said Hermione. 

Well, youre a bunch of bleedin eroes then, arent 
you, but I never pretended I was up for killing meself 



Were not interested in why you ran out on Mad 
Eye, said Harry, moving his wand a little closer to 
Mundunguss baggy, bloodshot eyes. We already 
knew you were an unreliable bit of scum. 

Well then, why the ell am I being unted down by 
ouseelves? Or is this about them goblets again? I 
aint got none of em left, or you could ave em   

  246 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Its not about the goblets either, although youre 
getting warmer, said Harry. Shut up and listen. 

It felt wonderful to have something to do, someone of 
whom he could demand some small portion of truth. 
Harrys wand was now so close to the bridge of 
Mundunguss nose that Mundungus had gone cross 
eyed trying to keep it in view. 

When you cleaned out this house of anything 
valuable, Harry began, but Mundungus interrupted 
him again. 

Sirius never cared about any of the junk   

There was the sound of pattering feet, a blaze of 
shining copper, an echoing clang, and a shriek of 
agony: Kreacher had taken a run at Mundungus and 
hit him over the head with a saucepan. 

Call im off, call im off, e should be locked up! 
screamed Mundungus, cowering as Kreacher raised 
the heavybottomed pan again. 

Kreacher, no! shouted Harry. 

Kreachers thin arms trembled with the weight of the 
pan, still held aloft. 

Perhaps just one more, Master Harry, for luck? 

Ron laughed. 

We need him conscious, Kreacher, but if he needs 
persuading you can do the honors, said Harry. 

Thank you very much, Master, said Kreacher with a 
bow, and he retreated a short distance, his great pale 
eyes still fixed upon Mundungus with loathing. 

  247 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




When you stripped this house of all the valuables 
you could find, Harry began again, you took a 
bunch of stuff from the kitchen cupboard. There was 
a locket there. Harrys mouth was suddenly dry: He 
could sense Ron and Hermiones tension and 
excitement too. What did you do with it? 

Why? asked Mundungus. Is it valuable? 

Youve still got it! cried Hermione. 

No, he hasnt, said Ron shrewdly. Hes wondering 
whether he should have asked more money for it. 

More? said Mundungus. That wouldnt have been 
effing difficult ... bleedin gave it away, din I? No 
choice. 

What do you mean? 

I was selling in Diagon Alley and she come up to me 
and asks if Ive got a license for trading in magical 
artifacts. Bleedin snoop. She was gonna fine me, but 
she took a fancy to the locket an told me shed take it 
and let me off that time, and to fink meself lucky. 

Who was this woman? asked Harry. 

I dunno, some Ministry hag. 

Mundungus considered for a moment, brow wrinkled. 

Little woman. Bow on top of er head. 

He frowned and then added, Looked like a toad. 

Harry dropped his wand: It hit Mundungus on the 
nose and shot red sparks into his eyebrows, which 
ignited. 

  248 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Aguamenti\ screamed Hermione, and a jet of water 
streamed from her wand, engulfing a spluttering and 
choking Mundungus. 

Harry looked up and saw his own shock reflected in 
Rons and Hermiones faces. The scars on the back of 
his right hand seemed to be tingling again. 



  249 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






MAGIC IS MIGHT 

As August wore on, the square of unkempt grass in 
the middle of Grimmauld Place shriveled in the sun 
until it was brittle and brown. The inhabitants of 
number twelve were never seen by anybody in the 
surrounding houses, and nor was number twelve 
itself. The Muggles who lived in Grimmauld Place had 
long since accepted the amusing mistake in the 
numbering that had caused number eleven to sit 
beside number thirteen. 

And yet the square was now attracting a trickle of 
visitors who seemed to find the anomaly most 
intriguing. Barely a day passed without one or two 
people arriving in Grimmauld Place with no other 
purpose, or so it seemed, than to lean against the 
railings facing numbers eleven and thirteen, watching 
the join between the two houses. The lurkers were 
never the same two days running, although they all 
seemed to share a dislike for normal clothing. Most of 
the Londoners who passed them were used to 
eccentric dressers and took little notice, though 
occasionally one of them might glance back, 

  250 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



wondering why anyone would wear such long cloaks 
in this heat. 

The watchers seemed to be gleaning little satisfaction 
from their vigil. Occasionally one of them started 
forward excitedly, as if they had seen something 
interesting at last, only to fall back looking 
disappointed. 

On the first day of September there were more people 
lurking in the square than ever before. Half a dozen 
men in long cloaks stood silent and watchful, gazing 
as ever at houses eleven and thirteen, but the thing 
for which they were waiting still appeared elusive. As 
evening drew in, bringing with it an unexpected gust 
of chilly rain for the first time in weeks, there 
occurred one of those inexplicable moments when 
they appeared to have seen something interesting. 

The man with the twisted face pointed and his closest 
companion, a podgy, pallid man, started forward, but 
a moment later they had relaxed into their previous 
state of inactivity, looking frustrated and 
disappointed. 

Meanwhile, inside number twelve, Harry had just 
entered the hall. He had nearly lost his balance as he 
Apparated onto the top step just outside the front 
door, and thought that the Death Eaters might have 
caught a glimpse of his momentarily exposed elbow. 
Shutting the front door carefully behind him, he 
pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, draped it over his 
arm, and hurried along the gloomy hallway toward 
the door that led to the basement, a stolen copy of the 
Daily Prophet clutched in his hand. 

The usual low whisper of Severus Snape? greeted 
him, the chill wind swept him, and his tongue rolled 
up for a moment. 



  251 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I didnt kill you, he said, once it had unrolled, then 
held his breath as the dusty jinxfigure exploded. He 
waited until he was halfway down the stairs to the 
kitchen, out of earshot of Mrs. Black and clear of the 
dust cloud, before calling, Ive got news, and you 
wont like it. 

The kitchen was almost unrecognizable. Every surface 
now shone: Copper pots and pans had been 
burnished to a rosy glow; the wooden tabletop 
gleamed; the goblets and plates already laid for 
dinner glinted in the light from a merrily blazing fire, 
on which a cauldron was simmering. Nothing in the 
room, however, was more dramatically different than 
the houseelf who now came hurrying toward Harry, 
dressed in a snowywhite towel, his ear hair as clean 
and fluffy as cotton wool, Reguluss locket bouncing 
on his thin chest. 

Shoes off, if you please, Master Harry, and hands 
washed before dinner, croaked Kreacher, seizing the 
Invisibility Cloak and slouching off to hang it on a 
hook on the wall, beside a number of oldfashioned 
robes that had been freshly laundered. 

Whats happened? Ron asked apprehensively. He 
and Hermione had been poring over a sheaf of 
scribbled notes and handdrawn maps that littered 
the end of the long kitchen table, but now they 
watched Harry as he strode toward them and threw 
down the newspaper on top of their scattered 
parchment. 

A large picture of a familiar, hooknosed, blackhaired 
man stared up at them all, beneath a headline that 
read: 

SEVERUS SNAPE CONFIRMED AS HOGWARTS 
HEADMASTER 

  252 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No! said Ron and Hermione loudly. 

Hermione was quickest; she snatched up the 
newspaper and began to read the accompanying story 
out loud. 

 Severus Snape, longstanding Potions master at 
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was 
today appointed headmaster in the most important of 
several staffing changes at the ancient school. 
Following the resignation of the previous Muggle 
Studies teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post 
while her brother, Amycus, fills the position of Defense 
Against the Dark Arts professor. 

 7 welcome the opportunity to uphold our finest 
Wizarding traditions and values   Like committing 
murder and cutting off peoples ears, I suppose! 

Snape, headmaster! Snape in Dumbledores study  
Merlins pants! she shrieked, making both Harry and 
Ron jump. She leapt up from the table and hurtled 
from the room, shouting as she went, Ill be back in a 
minute! 

 Merlins pants? repeated Ron, looking amused. 
She must be upset. He pulled the newspaper toward 
him and perused the article about Snape. 

The other teachers wont stand for this. McGonagall 
and Flitwick and Sprout all know the truth, they 
know how Dumbledore died. They wont accept Snape 
as headmaster. And who are these Carrows? 

Death Eaters, said Harry. There are pictures of 
them inside. They were at the top of the tower when 
Snape killed Dumbledore, so its all friends together. 
And, Harry went on bitterly, drawing up a chair, I 
cant see that the other teachers have got any choice 
but to stay. If the Ministry and Voldemort are behind 
  253 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Snape itll be a choice between staying and teaching, 
or a nice few years in Azkaban  and thats if theyre 
lucky. I reckon theyll stay to try and protect the 
students. 

Kreacher came bustling to the table with a large 
tureen in his hands, and ladled out soup into pristine 
bowls, whistling between his teeth as he did so. 

Thanks, Kreacher, said Harry, flipping over the 
Prophet so as not to have to look at Snape s face. 

Well, at least we know exactly where Snape is now. 

He began to spoon soup into his mouth. The quality 
of Kreachers cooking had improved dramatically ever 
since he had been given Reguluss locket: Todays 
French onion was as good as Harry had ever tasted. 

There are still a load of Death Eaters watching the 
house, he told Ron as he ate, more than usual. Its 
like theyre hoping well march out carrying our 
school trunks and head off for the Hogwarts Express. 

Ron glanced at his watch. 

Ive been thinking about that all day. It left nearly six 
hours ago. Weird, not being on it, isnt it? 

In his minds eye Harry seemed to see the scarlet 
steam engine as he and Ron had once followed it by 
air, shimmering between fields and hills, a rippling 
scarlet caterpillar. He was sure Ginny, Neville, and 
Luna were sitting together at this moment, perhaps 
wondering where he, Ron, and Hermione were, or 
debating how best to undermine Snape s new regime. 

They nearly saw me coming back in just now, Harry 
said. I landed badly on the top step, and the Cloak 
slipped. 

  254 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I do that every time. Oh, here she is, Ron added, 
craning around in his seat to watch Hermione 
reentering the kitchen. And what in the name of 
Merlins most baggy Y Fronts was that about? 

I remembered this, Hermione panted. 

She was carrying a large, framed picture, which she 
now lowered to the floor before seizing her small, 
beaded bag from the kitchen sideboard. Opening it, 
she proceeded to force the painting inside, and 
despite the fact that it was patently too large to fit 
inside the tiny bag, within a few seconds it had 
vanished, like so much else, into the bags capacious 
depths. 

Phineas Nigellus, Hermione explained as she threw 
the bag onto the kitchen table with the usual 
sonorous, clanking crash. 

Sorry? said Ron, but Harry understood. The painted 
image of Phineas Nigellus Black was able to flit 
between his portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one 
that hung in the headmasters office at Hogwarts: the 
circular towertop room where Snape was no doubt 
sitting right now, in triumphant possession of 
Dumbledores collection of delicate, silver magical 
instruments, the stone Pensieve, the Sorting Hat and, 
unless it had been moved elsewhere, the sword of 
Gryffindor. 

Snape could send Phineas Nigellus to look inside this 
house for him, Hermione explained to Ron as she 
resumed her seat. But let him try it now, all Phineas 
Nigellus will be able to see is the inside of my 
handbag. 

Good thinking! said Ron, looking impressed. 



  255 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Thank you, smiled Hermione, pulling her soup 
toward her. So, Harry, what else happened today? 

Nothing, said Harry. Watched the Ministry entrance 
for seven hours. No sign of her. Saw your dad, 
though, Ron. He looks fine. 

Ron nodded his appreciation of this news. They had 
agreed that it was far too dangerous to try and 
communicate with Mr. Weasley while he walked in 
and out of the Ministry, because he was always 
surrounded by other Ministry workers. It was, 
however, reassuring to catch these glimpses of him, 
even if he did look very strained and anxious. 

Dad always told us most Ministry people use the 
Floo Network to get to work, Ron said. Thats why 
we havent seen Umbridge, shed never walk, shed 
think shes too important. 

And what about that funny old witch and that little 
wizard in the navy robes? Hermione asked. 

Oh yeah, the bloke from Magical Maintenance, said 
Ron. 

How do you know he works for Magical 
Maintenance? Hermione asked, her soupspoon 
suspended in midair. 

Dad said everyone from Magical Maintenance wears 
navy blue robes. 

But you never told us that! 

Hermione dropped her spoon and pulled toward her 
the sheaf of notes and maps that she and Ron had 
been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen. 



  256 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theres nothing in here about navy blue robes, 
nothing! she said, flipping feverishly through the 
s. 

Well, does it really matter? 

Ron, it all matters! If were going to get into the 
Ministry and not give ourselves away when theyre 
bound to be on the lookout for intruders, every little 
detail matters! Weve been over and over this, I mean, 
whats the point of all these reconnaissance trips if 
you arent even bothering to tell us   

Blimey, Hermione, I forget one little thing   

You do realize, dont you, that theres probably no 
more dangerous place in the whole world for us to be 
right now than the Ministry of   

I think we should do it tomorrow, said Harry. 

Hermione stopped dead, her jaw hanging; Ron choked 
a little over his soup. 

Tomorrow? repeated Hermione. You arent serious, 
Harry? 

I am, said Harry. I dont think were going to be 
much better prepared than we are now even if we 
skulk around the Ministry entrance for another 
month. The longer we put it off, the farther away that 
locket could be. Theres already a good chance 
Umbridge has chucked it away; the thing doesnt 
open. 

Unless, said Ron, shes found a way of opening it 
and shes now possessed. 



  257 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Wouldnt make any difference to her, she was so evil 
in the first place, Harry shrugged. 

Hermione was biting her lip, deep in thought. 

We know everything important, Harry went on, 
addressing Hermione. We know theyve stopped 
Apparition in and out of the Ministry. We know only 
the most senior Ministry members are allowed to 
connect their homes to the Floo Network now, 
because Ron heard those two Unspeakables 
complaining about it. And we know roughly where 
Umbridges office is, because of what you heard that 
bearded bloke saying to his mate   

 Ill be up on level one, Dolores wants to see me,  
Hermione recited immediately. 

Exactly, said Harry. And we know you get in using 
those funny coins, or tokens, or whatever they are, 
because I saw that witch borrowing one from her 
friend   

But we havent got any! 

If the plan works, we will have, Harry continued 
calmly. 

I dont know, Harry, I dont know. ... There are an 
awful lot of things that could go wrong, so much 
relies on chance. ... 

Thatll be true even if we spend another three 
months preparing, said Harry. Its time to act. 

He could tell from Rons and Hermiones faces that 
they were scared; he was not particularly confident 
himself, and yet he was sure the time had come to 
put their plan into operation. 

  258 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




They had spent the previous four weeks taking it in 
turns to don the Invisibility Cloak and spy on the 
official entrance to the Ministry, which Ron, thanks to 
Mr. Weasley, had known since childhood. They had 
tailed Ministry workers on their way in, eavesdropped 
on their conversations, and learned by careful 
observation which of them could be relied upon to 
appear, alone, at the same time every day. 
Occasionally there had been a chance to sneak a 
Daily Prophet out of somebodys briefcase. Slowly they 
had built up the sketchy maps and notes now stacked 
in front of Hermione. 

All right, said Ron slowly, lets say we go for it 
tomorrow. ... I think it should just be me and Harry. 

Oh, dont start that again! sighed Hermione. I 
thought wed settled this. 

Its one thing hanging around the entrances under 
the Cloak, but this is different, Hermione. Ron 
jabbed a finger at a copy of the Daily Prophet dated 
ten days previously. Youre on the list of Muggle 
borns who didnt present themselves for 
interrogation! 

And youre supposed to be dying of spattergroit at 
the Burrow! If anyone shouldnt go, its Harry, hes got 
a tenthousandGalleon price on his head   

Fine, Ill stay here, said Harry. Let me know if you 
ever defeat Voldemort, wont you? 

As Ron and Hermione laughed, pain shot through the 
scar on Harrys forehead. His hand jumped to it: He 
saw Hermiones eyes narrow, and he tried to pass off 
the movement by brushing his hair out of his eyes. 



  259 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Well, if all three of us go well have to Disapparate 
separately, Ron was saying. We cant all fit under 
the Cloak anymore. 

Harrys scar was becoming more and more painful. 

He stood up. At once, Kreacher hurried forward. 

Master has not finished his soup, would Master 
prefer the savory stew, or else the treacle tart to 
which Master is so partial? 

Thanks, Kreacher, but Ill be back in a minute  er 
 bathroom. 

Aware that Hermione was watching him suspiciously, 
Harry hurried up the stairs to the hall and then to the 
first landing, where he dashed into the bathroom and 
bolted the door again. Grunting with pain, he 
slumped over the black basin with its taps in the form 
of openmouthed serpents and closed his eyes. ... 

He was gliding along a twilit street. The buildings on 
either side of him had high, timbered gables; they 
looked like gingerbread houses. 

He approached one of them, then saw the whiteness 
of his own longfingered hand against the door. He 
knocked. He felt a mounting excitement. ... 

The door opened: A laughing woman stood there. Her 
face fell as she looked into Harrys face: humor gone, 
terror replacing it. ... 

Gregorovitch? said a high, cold voice. 

She shook her head: She was trying to close the door. 
A white hand held it steady, prevented her shutting 
him out. ... 



  260 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I want Gregorovitch. 

Er wohnt hier nicht mehr\ she cried, shaking her 
head. He no live here! He no live here! I know him 
not! 

Abandoning the attempt to close the door, she began 
to back away down the dark hall, and Harry followed, 
gliding toward her, and his longfingered hand had 
drawn his wand. 

Where is he? 

Das weifi ich nichti He move! I know not, I know not! 

He raised the wand. She screamed. Two young 
children came running into the hall. She tried to 
shield them with her arms. There was a flash of green 
light  

Harry! HARRY! 

He opened his eyes; he had sunk to the floor. 
Hermione was pounding on the door again. 

Harry, open up! 

He had shouted out, he knew it. He got up and 
unbolted the door; Hermione toppled inside at once, 
regained her balance, and looked around 
suspiciously. Ron was right behind her, looking 
unnerved as he pointed his wand into the corners of 
the chilly bathroom. 

What were you doing? asked Hermione sternly. 

What dyou think I was doing? asked Harry with 
feeble bravado. 



  261 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You were yelling your head off! said Ron. 

Oh yeah ... I mustve dozed off or   

Harry, please dont insult our intelligence, said 
Hermione, taking deep breaths. We know your scar 
hurt downstairs, and youre white as a sheet. 

Harry sat down on the edge of the bath. 

Fine. Ive just seen Voldemort murdering a woman. 
By now hes probably killed her whole family. And he 
didnt need to. It was Cedric all over again, they were 
just there. ... 

Harry, you arent supposed to let this happen 
anymore! Hermione cried, her voice echoing through 
the bathroom. Dumbledore wanted you to use 
Occlumency! He thought the connection was 
dangerous  Voldemort can use it, Harry! What good 
is it to watch him kill and torture, how can it help? 

Because it means I know what hes doing, said 
Harry. 

So youre not even going to try to shut him out? 

Hermione, I cant. You know Im lousy at 
Occlumency, I never got the hang of it. 

You never really tried! she said hotly. I dont get it, 
Harry  do you like having this special connection or 
relationship or what  whatever   

She faltered under the look he gave her as he stood 

up. 



Like it? he said quietly. Would you like it? 



  262 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I  no  Im sorry, Harry, I didnt mean   

I hate it, I hate the fact that he can get inside me, 
that I have to watch him when hes most dangerous. 
But Im going to use it. 

Dumbledore   

Forget Dumbledore. This is my choice, nobody elses. 
I want to know why hes after Gregorovitch. 

Who? 

Hes a foreign wandmaker, said Harry. He made 
Krums wand and Krum reckons hes brilliant. 

But according to you, said Ron, Voldemorts got 
Ollivander locked up somewhere. If hes already got a 
wandmaker, what does he need another one for? 

Maybe he agrees with Krum, maybe he thinks 
Gregorovitch is better ... or else he thinks 
Gregorovitch will be able to explain what my wand did 
when he was chasing me, because Ollivander didnt 
know. 

Harry glanced into the cracked, dusty mirror and saw 
Ron and Hermione exchanging skeptical looks behind 
his back. 

Harry, you keep talking about what your wand did, 
said Hermione, but you made it happen! Why are 
you so determined not to take responsibility for your 
own power? 

Because I know it wasnt me! And so does Voldemort, 
Hermione! We both know what really happened! 



  263 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




They glared at each other: Harry knew that he had 
not convinced Hermione and that she was marshaling 
counterarguments, against both his theory on his 
wand and the fact that he was permitting himself to 
see into Voldemorts mind. To his relief, Ron 
intervened. 

Drop it, he advised her. Its up to him. And if were 
going to the Ministry tomorrow, dont you reckon we 
should go over the plan? 

Reluctantly, as the other two could tell, Hermione let 
the matter rest, though Harry was quite sure she 
would attack again at the first opportunity. In the 
meantime, they returned to the basement kitchen, 
where Kreacher served them all stew and treacle tart. 

They did not get to bed until late that night, after 
spending hours going over and over their plan until 
they could recite it, word perfect, to each other. 

Harry, who was now sleeping in Siriuss room, lay in 
bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph 
of his father, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and 
muttered the plan to himself for another ten minutes. 
As he extinguished his wand, however, he was 
thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or 
the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance; he 
thought of Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how 
long he could hope to remain hidden while Voldemort 
sought him so determinedly. 

Dawn seemed to follow midnight with indecent haste. 

You look terrible, was Rons greeting as he entered 
the room to wake Harry. 

Not for long, said Harry, yawning. 



  264 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




They found Hermione downstairs in the kitchen. She 
was being served coffee and hot rolls by Kreacher and 
wearing the slightly manic expression that Harry 
associated with exam review. 

Robes, she said under her breath, acknowledging 
their presence with a nervous nod and continuing to 
poke around in her beaded bag, Polyjuice Potion ... 
Invisibility Cloak ... Decoy Detonators ... You should 
each take a couple just in case. ... Puking Pastilles, 
Nosebleed Nougat, Extendable Ears ... 

They gulped down their breakfast, then set off 
upstairs, Kreacher bowing them out and promising to 
have a steakandkidney pie ready for them when 
they returned. 

Bless him, said Ron fondly, and when you think I 
used to fantasize about cutting off his head and 
sticking it on the wall. 

They made their way onto the front step with 
immense caution: They could see a couple of puffy 
eyed Death Eaters watching the house from across 
the misty square. 

Hermione Disapparated with Ron first, then came 
back for Harry. 

After the usual brief spell of darkness and near 
suffocation, Harry found himself in the tiny alleyway 
where the first phase of their plan was scheduled to 
take place. It was as yet deserted, except for a couple 
of large bins; the first Ministry workers did not 
usually appear here until at least eight oclock. 

Right then, said Hermione, checking her watch. 

She ought to be here in about five minutes. When 
Ive Stunned her   

  265 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hermione, we know, said Ron sternly. And I 
thought we were supposed to open the door before 
she got here? 

Hermione squealed. 

I nearly forgot! Stand back   

She pointed her wand at the padlocked and heavily 
graffitied fire door beside them, which burst open 
with a crash. The dark corridor behind it led, as they 
knew from their careful scouting trips, into an empty 
theater. Hermione pulled the door back toward her, to 
make it look as though it was still closed. 

And now, she said, turning back to face the other 
two in the alleyway, we put on the Cloak again   

  and we wait, Ron finished, throwing it over 
Hermione s head like a blanket over a birdcage and 
rolling his eyes at Harry. 

Little more than a minute later, there was a tiny pop 
and a little Ministry witch with flyaway gray hair 
Apparated feet from them, blinking a little in the 
sudden brightness; the sun had just come out from 
behind a cloud. She barely had time to enjoy the 
unexpected warmth, however, before Hermione s 
silent Stunning Spell hit her in the chest and she 
toppled over. 

Nicely done, Hermione, said Ron, emerging from 
behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off 
the Invisibility Cloak. Together they carried the little 
witch into the dark passageway that led backstage. 
Hermione plucked a few hairs from the witchs head 
and added them to a flask of muddy Polyjuice Potion 
she had taken from the beaded bag. Ron was 
rummaging through the little witchs handbag. 

  266 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Shes Mafalda Hopkirk, he said, reading a small 
card that identified their victim as an assistant in the 
Improper Use of Magic Office. Youd better take this, 
Hermione, and here are the tokens. 

He passed her several small golden coins, all 
embossed with the letters M.O.M., which he had 
taken from the witchs purse. 

Hermione drank the Polyjuice Potion, which was now 
a pleasant heliotrope color, and within seconds stood 
before them, the double of Mafalda Hopkirk. As she 
removed Mafaldas spectacles and put them on, Harry 
checked his watch. 

Were running late, Mr. Magical Maintenance will be 
here any second. 

They hurried to close the door on the real Mafalda; 
Harry and Ron threw the Invisibility Cloak over 
themselves but Hermione remained in view, waiting. 
Seconds later there was another pop, and a small, 
ferretylooking wizard appeared before them. 

Oh, hello, Mafalda. 

Hello! said Hermione in a quavery voice. How are 
you today? 

Not so good, actually, replied the little wizard, who 
looked thoroughly downcast. 

As Hermione and the wizard headed for the main 
road, Harry and Ron crept along behind them. 

Im sorry to hear youre under the weather, said 
Hermione, talking firmly over the little wizard as he 
tried to expound upon his problems; it was essential 



  267 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




to stop him from reaching the street. Here, have a 
sweet. 

Eh? Oh, no thanks   

I insist! said Hermione aggressively, shaking the bag 
of pastilles in his face. Looking rather alarmed, the 
little wizard took one. 

The effect was instantaneous. The moment the 
pastille touched his tongue, the little wizard started 
vomiting so hard that he did not even notice as 
Hermione yanked a handful of hairs from the top of 
his head. 

Oh dear! she said, as he splattered the alley with 
sick. Perhaps youd better take the day off! 

No  no! He choked and retched, trying to continue 
on his way despite being unable to walk straight. I 
must  today  must go   

But thats just silly! said Hermione, alarmed. You 
cant go to work in this state  I think you ought to 
go to St. Mungos and get them to sort you out! 

The wizard had collapsed, heaving, onto all fours, still 
trying to crawl toward the main street. 

You simply cant go to work like this! cried 
Hermione. 

At last he seemed to accept the truth of her words. 
Using a repulsed Hermione to claw his way back into 
a standing position, he turned on the spot and 
vanished, leaving nothing behind but the bag Ron 
had snatched from his hand as he went and some 
flying chunks of vomit. 



  268 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Urgh, said Hermione, holding up the skirts of her 
robe to avoid the puddles of sick. It would have made 
much less mess to Stun him too. 

Yeah, said Ron, emerging from under the cloak 
holding the wizards bag, but I still think a whole pile 
of unconscious bodies would have drawn more 
attention. Keen on his job, though, isnt he? Chuck us 
the hair and the potion, then. 

Within two minutes, Ron stood before them, as small 
and ferrety as the sick wizard, and wearing the navy 
blue robes that had been folded in his bag. 

Weird he wasnt wearing them today, wasnt it, 
seeing how much he wanted to go? Anyway, Im Reg 
Cattermole, according to the label in the back. 

Now wait here, Hermione told Harry, who was still 
under the Invisibility Cloak, and well be back with 
some hairs for you. 

He had to wait ten minutes, but it seemed much 
longer to Harry, skulking alone in the sicksplattered 
alleyway beside the door concealing the Stunned 
Mafalda. Finally Ron and Hermione reappeared. 

We dont know who he is, Hermione said, passing 
Harry several curly black hairs, but hes gone home 
with a dreadful nosebleed! Here, hes pretty tall, youll 
need bigger robes. ... 

She pulled out a set of the old robes Kreacher had 
laundered for them, and Harry retired to take the 
potion and change. 

Once the painful transformation was complete he was 
more than six feet tall and, from what he could tell 
from his wellmuscled arms, powerfully built. He also 

  269 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




had a beard. Stowing the Invisibility Cloak and his 
glasses inside his new robes, he rejoined the other 
two. 

Blimey, thats scary, said Ron, looking up at Harry, 
who now towered over him. 

Take one of Mafaldas tokens, Hermione told Harry, 
and lets go, its nearly nine. 

They stepped out of the alleyway together. Fifty yards 
along the crowded pavement there were spiked black 
railings flanking two flights of steps, one labeled 
GENTLEMEN, the other LADIES. 

See you in a moment, then, said Hermione 
nervously, and she tottered off down the steps to 
LADIES. Harry and Ron joined a number of oddly 
dressed men descending into what appeared to be an 
ordinary underground public toilet, tiled in grimy 
black and white. 

Morning, Reg! called another wizard in navy blue 
robes as he let himself into a cubicle by inserting his 
golden token into a slot in the door. Blooming pain in 
the bum, this, eh? Forcing us all to get to work this 
way! Who are they expecting to turn up, Harry 
Potter? 

The wizard roared with laughter at his own wit. Ron 
gave a forced chuckle. 

Yeah, he said, stupid, isnt it? 

And he and Harry let themselves into adjoining 
cubicles. 

To Harrys left and right came the sound of flushing. 
He crouched down and peered through the gap at the 

  270 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




bottom of the cubicle, just in time to see a pair of 
booted feet climbing into the toilet next door. He 
looked left and saw Ron blinking at him. 

We have to flush ourselves in? he whispered. 

Looks like it, Harry whispered back; his voice came 
out deep and gravelly. 

They both stood up. Feeling exceptionally foolish, 
Harry clambered into the toilet. 

He knew at once that he had done the right thing; 
though he appeared to be standing in water, his 
shoes, feet, and robes remained quite dry. He reached 
up, pulled the chain, and next moment had zoomed 
down a short chute, emerging out of a fireplace into 
the Ministry of Magic. 

He got up clumsily; there was a lot more of his body 
than he was accustomed to. The great Atrium seemed 
darker than Harry remembered it. Previously a golden 
fountain had filled the center of the hall, casting 
shimmering spots of light over the polished wooden 
floor and walls. Now a gigantic statue of black stone 
dominated the scene. It was rather frightening, this 
vast sculpture of a witch and a wizard sitting on 
ornately carved thrones, looking down at the Ministry 
workers toppling out of fireplaces below them. 
Engraved in foothigh letters at the base of the statue 
were the words MAGIC IS MIGHT. 

Harry received a heavy blow on the back of the legs: 
Another wizard had just flown out of the fireplace 
behind him. 

Out of the way, cant y  oh, sorry, Runcorn! 



  271 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Clearly frightened, the balding wizard hurried away. 
Apparently the man whom Harry was impersonating, 
Runcorn, was intimidating. 

Psst! said a voice, and he looked around to see a 
wispy little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical 
Maintenance gesturing to him from over beside the 
statue. Harry hastened to join them. 

You got in all right, then? Hermione whispered to 
Harry. 

No, hes still stuck in the bog, said Ron. 

Oh, very funny ... Its horrible, isnt it? she said to 
Harry, who was staring up at the statue. Have you 
seen what theyre sitting on? 

Harry looked more closely and realized that what he 
had thought were decoratively carved thrones were 
actually mounds of carved humans: hundreds and 
hundreds of naked bodies, men, women, and 
children, all with rather stupid, ugly faces, twisted 
and pressed together to support the weight of the 
handsomely robed wizards. 

Muggles, whispered Hermione. In their rightful 
place. Come on, lets get going. 

They joined the stream of witches and wizards moving 
toward the golden gates at the end of the hall, looking 
around as surreptitiously as possible, but there was 
no sign of the distinctive figure of Dolores Umbridge. 
They passed through the gates and into a smaller 
hall, where queues were forming in front of twenty 
golden grilles housing as many lifts. They had barely 
joined the nearest one when a voice said, 

Cattermole! 



  272 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




They looked around: Harrys stomach turned over. 
One of the Death Eaters who had witnessed 
Dumbledores death was striding toward them. The 
Ministry workers beside them fell silent, their eyes 
downcast; Harry could feel fear rippling through 
them. The mans scowling, slightly brutish face was 
somehow at odds with his magnificent, sweeping 
robes, which were embroidered with much gold 
thread. Someone in the crowd around the lifts called 
sycophantically, Morning, Yaxley! Yaxley ignored 
them. 

I requested somebody from Magical Maintenance to 
sort out my office, Cattermole. Its still raining in 
there. 

Ron looked around as though hoping somebody else 
would intervene, but nobody spoke. 

Raining ... in your office? Thats  thats not good, is 
it? 



Ron gave a nervous laugh. Yaxleys eyes widened. 

You think its funny, Cattermole, do you? 

A pair of witches broke away from the queue for the 
lift and bustled off. 

No, said Ron, no, of course   

You realize that I am on my way downstairs to 
interrogate your wife, Cattermole? In fact, Im quite 
surprised youre not down there holding her hand 
while she waits. Already given her up as a bad job, 
have you? Probably wise. Be sure and marry a 
pureblood next time. 



  273 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hermione had let out a little squeak of horror. Yaxley 
looked at her. She coughed feebly and turned away. 

I  I   stammered Ron. 

But if my wife were accused of being a Mudblood, 
said Yaxley,   not that any woman I married would 
ever be mistaken for such filth  and the Head of the 
Department of Magical Law Enforcement needed a job 
doing, I would make it my priority to do that job, 
Cattermole. Do you understand me? 

Yes, whispered Ron. 

Then attend to it, Cattermole, and if my office is not 
completely dry within an hour, your wifes Blood 
Status will be in even graver doubt than it is now. 

The golden grille before them clattered open. With a 
nod and unpleasant smile to Harry, who was 
evidently expected to appreciate this treatment of 
Cattermole, Yaxley swept away toward another lift. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered theirs, but nobody 
followed them: It was as if they were infectious. The 
grilles shut with a clang and the lift began to move 
upward. 

What am I going to do? Ron asked the other two at 
once; he looked stricken. If I dont turn up, my wife 
 I mean, Cattermole s wife   

Well come with you, we should stick together   
began Harry, but Ron shook his head feverishly. 

Thats mental, we havent got much time. You two 
find Umbridge, Ill go and sort out Yaxleys office  
but how do I stop it raining? 



  274 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Try Finite Incantatem, said Hermione at once, that 
should stop the rain if its a hex or curse; if it doesnt, 
somethings gone wrong with an Atmospheric Charm, 
which will be more difficult to fix, so as an interim 
measure try Impervius to protect his belongings   

Say it again, slowly   said Ron, searching his 
pockets desperately for a quill, but at that moment 
the lift juddered to a halt. A disembodied female voice 
said, Level four, Department for the Regulation and 
Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, 
Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and 
Pest Advisory Bureau, and the grilles slid open again, 
admitting a couple of wizards and several pale violet 
paper airplanes that fluttered around the lamp in the 
ceiling of the lift. 

Morning, Albert, said a bushily whiskered man, 
smiling at Harry. He glanced over at Ron and 
Hermione as the lift creaked upward once more; 
Hermione was now whispering frantic instructions to 
Ron. The wizard leaned toward Harry, leering, and 
muttered, Dirk Cresswell, eh? From Goblin Liaison? 
Nice one, Albert. Im pretty confident Ill get his job 
now! 

He winked. Harry smiled back, hoping that this would 
suffice. The lift stopped; the grilles opened once more. 

Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, 
including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror 
Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration 
Services, said the disembodied witchs voice. 

Harry saw Hermione give Ron a little push and he 
hurried out of the lift, followed by the other wizards, 
leaving Harry and Hermione alone. The moment the 
golden door had closed Hermione said, very fast, 
Actually, Harry, I think Id better go after him, I dont 
  275 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




think he knows what hes doing and if he gets caught 
the whole thing   



Level one, Minister of Magic and Support Staff. 

The golden grilles slid apart again and Hermione 
gasped. Four people stood before them, two of them 
deep in conversation: a longhaired wizard wearing 
magnificent robes of black and gold, and a squat, 
toadlike witch wearing a velvet bow in her short hair 
and clutching a clipboard to her chest. 



  276 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE MUGGLEBORN REGISTRATION 
COMMISSION 

Ah, Mafalda! said Umbridge, looking at Hermione. 
Travers sent you, did he? 

Yyes, squeaked Hermione. 

Good, youll do perfectly well. Umbridge spoke to the 
wizard in black and gold. Thats that problem solved, 
Minister, if Mafalda can be spared for recordkeeping 
we shall be able to start straightaway. She consulted 
her clipboard. Ten people today and one of them the 
wife of a Ministry employee! Tut, tut ... even here, in 
the heart of the Ministry! She stepped into the lift 
beside Hermione, as did the two wizards who had 
been listening to Umbridges conversation with the 
Minister. Well go straight down, Mafalda, youll find 
everything you need in the courtroom. Good morning, 
Albert, arent you getting out? 

Yes, of course, said Harry in Runcorns deep voice. 



  277 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Harry stepped out of the lift. The golden grilles 
clanged shut behind him. Glancing over his shoulder, 
Harry saw Hermiones anxious face sinking back out 
of sight, a tall wizard on either side of her, Umbridges 
velvet hairbow level with her shoulder. 

What brings you up here, Runcorn? asked the new 
Minister of Magic. His long black hair and beard were 
streaked with silver, and a great overhanging 
forehead shadowed his glinting eyes, putting Harry in 
mind of a crab looking out from beneath a rock. 

Needed a quick word with, Harry hesitated for a 
fraction of a second, Arthur Weasley. Someone said 
he was up on level one. 

Ah, said Pius Thicknesse. Has he been caught 
having contact with an Undesirable? 

No, said Harry, his throat dry. No, nothing like 
that. 

Ah, well. Its only a matter of time, said Thicknesse. 
If you ask me, the blood traitors are as bad as the 
Mudbloods. Good day, Runcorn. 

Good day, Minister. 

Harry watched Thicknesse march away along the 
thickly carpeted corridor. The moment the Minister 
had passed out of sight, Harry tugged the Invisibility 
Cloak out from under his heavy black cloak, threw it 
over himself, and set off along the corridor in the 
opposite direction. Runcorn was so tall that Harry 
was forced to stoop to make sure his big feet were 
hidden. 

Panic pulsed in the pit of his stomach. As he passed 
gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, 

  278 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




each bearing a small plaque with the owners name 
and occupation upon it, the might of the Ministry, its 
complexity, its impenetrability, seemed to force itself 
upon him so that the plan he had been carefully 
concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four 
weeks seemed laughably childish. They had 
concentrated all their efforts on getting inside without 
being detected: They had not given a moments 
thought to what they would do if they were forced to 
separate. Now Hermione was stuck in court 
proceedings, which would undoubtedly last hours; 

Ron was struggling to do magic that Harry was sure 
was beyond him, a womans liberty possibly 
depending on the outcome; and he, Harry, was 
wandering around on the top floor when he knew 
perfectly well that his quarry had just gone down in 
the lift. 

He stopped walking, leaned against a wall, and tried 
to decide what to do. The silence pressed upon him: 
There was no bustling or talk or swift footsteps here; 
the purplecarpeted corridors were as hushed as 
though the Muffliato charm had been cast over the 
place. 

Her office must be up here, Harry thought. 

It seemed most unlikely that Umbridge would keep 
her jewelry in her office, but on the other hand it 
seemed foolish not to search it to make sure. He 
therefore set off along the corridor again, passing 
nobody but a frowning wizard who was murmuring 
instructions to a quill that floated in front of him, 
scribbling on a trail of parchment. 

Now paying attention to the names on the doors, 

Harry turned a corner. Halfway along the next 
corridor he emerged into a wide, open space where a 
dozen witches and wizards sat in rows at small desks 

  279 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




not unlike school desks, though much more highly 
polished and free from graffiti. Harry paused to watch 
them, for the effect was quite mesmerizing. They were 
all waving and twiddling their wands in unison, and 
squares of colored paper were flying in every direction 
like little pink kites. After a few seconds, Harry 
realized that there was a rhythm to the proceedings, 
that the papers all formed the same pattern; and after 
a few more seconds he realized that what he was 
watching was the creation of pamphlets  that the 
paper squares were s, which, when assembled, 
folded, and magicked into place, fell into neat stacks 
beside each witch or wizard. 

Harry crept closer, although the workers were so 
intent on what they were doing that he doubted they 
would notice a carpetmuffled footstep, and he slid a 
completed pamphlet from the pile beside a young 
witch. He examined it beneath the Invisibility Cloak. 
Its pink cover was emblazoned with a golden title: 

MUDBLOODS 

and the Dangers They Pose to 
a Peaceful PureBlood Society 

Beneath the title was a picture of a red rose with a 
simpering face in the middle of its petals, being 
strangled by a green weed with fangs and a scowl. 
There was no authors name upon the pamphlet, but 
again, the scars on the back of his right hand seemed 
to tingle as he examined it. Then the young witch 
beside him confirmed his suspicion as she said, still 
waving and twirling her wand, Will the old hag be 
interrogating Mudbloods all day, does anyone know? 



  280 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Careful, said the wizard beside her, glancing around 
nervously; one of his s slipped and fell to the 
floor. 

What, has she got magic ears as well as an eye, 
now? 

The witch glanced toward the shining mahogany door 
facing the space full of pamphletmakers; Harry 
looked too, and rage reared in him like a snake. 

Where there might have been a peephole on a Muggle 
front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue iris 
had been set into the wood  an eye that was 
shockingly familiar to anybody who had known 
Alastor Moody. 

For a split second Harry forgot where he was and 
what he was doing there: He even forgot that he was 
invisible. He strode straight over to the door to 
examine the eye. It was not moving: It gazed blindly 
upward, frozen. The plaque beneath it read: 

DOLORES UMBRIDGE 

SENIOR UNDERSECRETARY TO THE MINISTER 

Below that, a slightly shinier new plaque read: 

HEAD OF THE MUGGLEBORN 

REGISTRATION COMMISSION 

Harry looked back at the dozen pamphletmakers: 
Though they were intent upon their work, he could 
hardly suppose that they would not notice if the door 
of an empty office opened in front of them. He 
therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd 
object with little waving legs and a rubberbulbed 



  281 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




horn for a body. Crouching down beneath the Cloak, 
he placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground. 

It scuttled away at once through the legs of the 
witches and wizards in front of him. A few moments 
later, during which Harry waited with his hand upon 
the doorknob, there came a loud bang and a great 
deal of acrid black smoke billowed from a corner. The 
young witch in the front row shrieked: Pink s 
flew everywhere as she and her fellows jumped up, 
looking around for the source of the commotion. 

Harry turned the doorknob, stepped into Umbridges 
office, and closed the door behind him. 

He felt he had stepped back in time. The room was 
exactly like Umbridges office at Hogwarts: Lace 
draperies, doilies, and dried flowers covered every 
available surface. The walls bore the same 
ornamental plates, each featuring a highly colored, 
beribboned kitten, gamboling and frisking with 
sickening cuteness. The desk was covered with a 
flouncy, flowered cloth. Behind MadEyes eye, a 
telescopic attachment enabled Umbridge to spy on 
the workers on the other side of the door. Harry took 
a look through it and saw that they were all still 
gathered around the Decoy Detonator. He wrenched 
the telescope out of the door, leaving a hole behind, 
pulled the magical eyeball out of it, and placed it in 
his pocket. Then he turned to face the room again, 
raised his wand, and murmured, Accio Locket. 

Nothing happened, but he had not expected it to; no 
doubt Umbridge knew all about protective charms 
and spells. He therefore hurried behind her desk and 
began pulling open the drawers. He saw quills and 
notebooks and Spellotape; enchanted paper clips that 
coiled snakelike from their drawer and had to be 
beaten back; a fussy little lace box full of spare hair 
bows and clips; but no sign of a locket. 

  282 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There was a filing cabinet behind the desk: Harry set 
to searching it. Like Filch s filing cabinets at 
Hogwarts, it was full of folders, each labeled with a 
name. It was not until Harry reached the bottommost 
drawer that he saw something to distract him from 
his search: Mr. Weasleys file. 

He pulled it out and opened it. 

ARTHUR WEASLEY 

BLOOD STATUS: Pureblood, but with unacceptable 
proMuggle leanings. Known member of the Order of 
the Phoenix. 

FAMILY: Wife (pureblood), seven children, two 
youngest at Hogwarts. NB: Youngest son currently at 
home, seriously ill, Ministry inspectors have 
confirmed. 

SECURITY STATUS: TRACKED. All movements are 
being monitored. Strong likelihood Undesirable No. 1 
will contact (has stayed with Weasley family 
previously) 



Undesirable Number One, Harry muttered under his 
breath as he replaced Mr. Weasleys folder and shut 
the drawer. He had an idea he knew who that was, 
and sure enough, as he straightened up and glanced 
around the office for fresh hiding places, he saw a 
poster of himself on the wall, with the words 
undesirable no. 1 emblazoned across his chest. A 
little pink note was stuck to it with a picture of a 
kitten in the corner. Harry moved across to read it 
and saw that Umbridge had written, To be punished. 



  283 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Angrier than ever, he proceeded to grope in the 
bottoms of the vases and baskets of dried flowers, but 
was not at all surprised that the locket was not there. 
He gave the office one last sweeping look, and his 
heart skipped a beat. Dumbledore was staring at him 
from a small rectangular mirror, propped up on a 
bookcase beside the desk. 

Harry crossed the room at a run and snatched it up, 
but realized the moment he touched it that it was not 
a mirror at all. Dumbledore was smiling wistfully out 
of the front cover of a glossy book. Harry had not 
immediately noticed the curly green writing across his 
hat  The Life and Lies ofAlbus Dumbledore  nor 
the slightly smaller writing across his chest: by Rita 
Skeeter, bestselling author of Armando Dippet: Master 
or Moron? 

Harry opened the book at random and saw a full 
photograph of two teenage boys, both laughing 
immoderately with their arms around each others 
shoulders. Dumbledore, now with elbowlength hair, 
had grown a tiny wispy beard that recalled the one on 
Krums chin that had so annoyed Ron. The boy who 
roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore had a 
gleeful, wild look about him. His golden hair fell in 
curls to his shoulders. Harry wondered whether it 
was a young Doge, but before he could check the 
caption, the door of the office opened. 

If Thicknesse had not been looking over his shoulder 
as he entered, Harry would not have had time to pull 
the Invisibility Cloak over himself. As it was, he 
thought Thicknesse might have caught a glimpse of 
movement, because for a moment or two he remained 
quite still, staring curiously at the place where Harry 
had just vanished. Perhaps deciding that all he had 
seen was Dumbledore scratching his nose on the 
front of the book, for Harry had hastily replaced it 
  284 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




upon the shelf, Thicknesse finally walked to the desk 
and pointed his wand at the quill standing ready in 
the ink pot. It sprang out and began scribbling a note 
to Umbridge. Very slowly, hardly daring to breathe, 
Harry backed out of the office into the open area 
beyond. 

The pamphletmakers were still clustered around the 
remains of the Decoy Detonator, which continued to 
hoot feebly as it smoked. Harry hurried off up the 
corridor as the young witch said, I bet it sneaked up 
here from Experimental Charms, theyre so careless, 
remember that poisonous duck? 

Speeding back toward the lifts, Harry reviewed his 
options. It had never been likely that the locket was 
here at the Ministry, and there was no hope of 
bewitching its whereabouts out of Umbridge while she 
was sitting in a crowded court. Their priority now had 
to be to leave the Ministry before they were exposed, 
and try again another day. The first thing to do was to 
find Ron, and then they could work out a way of 
extracting Hermione from the courtroom. 

The lift was empty when it arrived. Harry jumped in 
and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak as it started its 
descent. To his enormous relief, when it rattled to a 
halt at level two, a soakingwet and wildeyed Ron got 
in. 



Mmorning, he stammered to Harry as the lift set off 
again. 

Ron, its me, Harry! 

Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you looked like  why 
isnt Hermione with you? 



  285 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She had to go down to the courtrooms with 
Umbridge, she couldnt refuse, and   

But before Harry could finish the lift had stopped 
again: The doors opened and Mr. Weasley walked 
inside, talking to an elderly witch whose blonde hair 
was teased so high it resembled an anthill. 

"... I quite understand what youre saying, Wakanda, 
but Im afraid I cannot be party to   

Mr. Weasley broke off; he had noticed Harry. It was 
very strange to have Mr. Weasley glare at him with 
that much dislike. The lift doors closed and the four 
of them trundled downward once more. 

Oh, hello, Reg, said Mr. Weasley, looking around at 
the sound of steady dripping from Rons robes. Isnt 
your wife in for questioning today? Er  whats 
happened to you? Why are you so wet? 

Yaxleys office is raining, said Ron. He addressed 
Mr. Weasleys shoulder, and Harry felt sure he was 
scared that his father might recognize him if they 
looked directly into each others eyes. I couldnt stop 
it, so theyve sent me to get Bernie  Pillsworth, I 
think they said   

Yes, a lot of offices have been raining lately, said Mr. 
Weasley. Did you try Meteolojinx Recanto? It worked 
for Bletchley. 

Meteolojinx Recanto? whispered Ron. No, I didnt. 
Thanks, D  I mean, thanks, Arthur. 

The lift doors opened; the old witch with the anthill 
hair left, and Ron darted past her out of sight. Harry 
made to follow him, but found his path blocked as 



  286 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Percy Weasley strode into the lift, his nose buried in 
some papers he was reading. 



Not until the doors had clanged shut again did Percy 
realize he was in a lift with his father. He glanced up, 
saw Mr. Weasley, turned radish red, and left the lift 
the moment the doors opened again. For the second 
time, Harry tried to get out, but this time found his 
way blocked by Mr. Weasleys arm. 

One moment, Runcorn. 

The lift doors closed and as they clanked down 
another floor, Mr. Weasley said, I hear you laid 
information about Dirk Cresswell. 

Harry had the impression that Mr. Weasleys anger 
was no less because of the brush with Percy. He 
decided his best chance was to act stupid. 

Sorry? he said. 

Dont pretend, Runcorn, said Mr. Weasley fiercely. 
You tracked down the wizard who faked his family 
tree, didnt you? 

I  so what if I did? said Harry. 

So Dirk Cresswell is ten times the wizard you are, 
said Mr. Weasley quietly, as the lift sank ever lower. 
And if he survives Azkaban, you 11 have to answer to 
him, not to mention his wife, his sons, and his friends 



Arthur, Harry interrupted, you know youre being 
tracked, dont you? 

Is that a threat, Runcorn? said Mr. Weasley loudly. 



  287 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, said Harry, its a fact! Theyre watching your 
every move   

The lift doors opened. They had reached the Atrium. 
Mr. Weasley gave Harry a scathing look and swept 
from the lift. Harry stood there, shaken. He wished he 
was impersonating somebody other than Runcorn. ... 
The lift doors clanged shut. 

Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak and put it back 
on. He would try to extricate Hermione on his own 
while Ron was dealing with the raining office. When 
the doors opened, he stepped out into a torchlit 
stone passageway quite different from the wood 
paneled and carpeted corridors above. As the lift 
rattled away again, Harry shivered slightly, looking 
toward the distant black door that marked the 
entrance to the Department of Mysteries. 

He set off, his destination not the black door, but the 
doorway he remembered on the lefthand side, which 
opened onto the flight of stairs down to the court 
chambers. His mind grappled with possibilities as he 
crept down them: He still had a couple of Decoy 
Detonators, but perhaps it would be better to simply 
knock on the courtroom door, enter as Runcorn, and 
ask for a quick word with Mafalda? Of course, he did 
not know whether Runcorn was sufficiently important 
to get away with this, and even if he managed it, 
Hermione s nonreappearance might trigger a search 
before they were clear of the Ministry. . . . 

Lost in thought, he did not immediately register the 
unnatural chill that was creeping over him, as if he 
were descending into fog. It was becoming colder and 
colder with every step he took: a cold that reached 
right down into his throat and tore at his lungs. And 
then he felt that stealing sense of despair, of 
hopelessness, filling him, expanding inside him. ... 
  288 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dementors, he thought. 



And as he reached the foot of the stairs and turned to 
his right he saw a dreadful scene. The dark passage 
outside the courtrooms was packed with tall, black 
hooded figures, their faces completely hidden, their 
ragged breathing the only sound in the place. The 
petrified Muggleborns brought in for questioning sat 
huddled and shivering on hard wooden benches. Most 
of them were hiding their faces in their hands, 
perhaps in an instinctive attempt to shield themselves 
from the dementors greedy mouths. Some were 
accompanied by families, others sat alone. The 
dementors were gliding up and down in front of them, 
and the cold, and the hopelessness, and the despair 
of the place laid themselves upon Harry like a curse. 



Fight it, he told himself, but he knew that he could 
not conjure a Patronus here without revealing himself 
instantly. So he moved forward as silently as he 
could, and with every step he took numbness seemed 
to steal over his brain, but he forced himself to think 
of Hermione and of Ron, who needed him. 

Moving through the towering black figures was 
terrifying: The eyeless faces hidden beneath their 
hoods turned as he passed, and he felt sure that they 
sensed him, sensed, perhaps, a human presence that 
still had some hope, some resilience. ... 

And then, abruptly and shockingly amid the frozen 
silence, one of the dungeon doors on the left of the 
corridor was flung open and screams echoed out of it. 

No, no, Im halfblood, Im halfblood, I tell you! My 
father was a wizard, he was, look him up, Arkie 
Alderton, hes a wellknown broomstick designer, look 

  289 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




him up, I tell you  get your hands off me, get your 
hands off 



This is your final warning, said Umbridges soft 
voice, magically magnified so that it sounded clearly 
over the mans desperate screams. If you struggle, 
you will be subjected to the Dementors Kiss. 

The mans screams subsided, but dry sobs echoed 
through the corridor. 

Take him away, said Umbridge. 

Two dementors appeared in the doorway of the 
courtroom, their rotting, scabbed hands clutching the 
upper arms of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. 
They glided away down the corridor with him, and the 
darkness they trailed behind them swallowed him 
from sight. 

Next  Mary Cattermole, called Umbridge. 

A small woman stood up; she was trembling from 
head to foot. Her dark hair was smoothed back into a 
bun and she wore long, plain robes. Her face was 
completely bloodless. As she passed the dementors, 
Harry saw her shudder. 

He did it instinctively, without any sort of plan, 
because he hated the sight of her walking alone into 
the dungeon: As the door began to swing closed, he 
slipped into the courtroom behind her. 

It was not the same room in which he had once been 
interrogated for improper use of magic. This one was 
much smaller, though the ceiling was quite as high; it 
gave the claustrophobic sense of being stuck at the 
bottom of a deep well. 

  290 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There were more dementors in here, casting their 
freezing aura over the place; they stood like faceless 
sentinels in the corners farthest from the high, raised 
platform. Here, behind a balustrade, sat Umbridge, 
with Yaxley on one side of her, and Hermione, quite 
as whitefaced as Mrs. Cattermole, on the other. At 
the foot of the platform, a brightsilver, longhaired 
cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry 
realized that it was there to protect the prosecutors 
from the despair that emanated from the dementors: 
That was for the accused to feel, not the accusers. 

Sit down, said Umbridge in her soft, silky voice. 

Mrs. Cattermole stumbled to the single seat in the 
middle of the floor beneath the raised platform. The 
moment she had sat down, chains clinked out of the 
arms of the chair and bound her there. 

You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole? asked 
Umbridge. 

Mrs. Cattermole gave a single, shaky nod. 

Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical 
Maintenance Department? 

Mrs. Cattermole burst into tears. 

I dont know where he is, he was supposed to meet 
me here! 

Umbridge ignored her. 

Mother to Maisie, Ellie, and Alfred Cattermole? 

Mrs. Cattermole sobbed harder than ever. 



  291 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theyre frightened, they think I might not come home 



Spare us, spat Yaxley. The brats of Mudbloods do 
not stir our sympathies. 

Mrs. Cattermoles sobs masked Harrys footsteps as 
he made his way carefully toward the steps that led 
up to the raised platform. The moment he had passed 
the place where the Patronus cat patrolled, he felt the 
change in temperature: It was warm and comfortable 
here. The Patronus, he was sure, was Umbridges, 
and it glowed brightly because she was so happy 
here, in her element, upholding the twisted laws she 
had helped to write. Slowly and very carefully he 
edged his way along the platform behind Umbridge, 
Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a seat behind the latter. 
He was worried about making Hermione jump. He 
thought of casting the Muffliato charm upon 
Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word 
might cause Hermione alarm. Then Umbridge raised 
her voice to address Mrs. Cattermole, and Harry 
seized his chance. 

Im behind you, he whispered into Hermiones ear. 

As he had expected, she jumped so violently she 
nearly overturned the bottle of ink with which she 
was supposed to be recording the interview, but both 
Umbridge and Yaxley were concentrating upon Mrs. 
Cattermole, and this went unnoticed. 

A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the 
Ministry today, Mrs. Cattermole, Umbridge was 
saying. Eightandthreequarter inches, cherry, 
unicornhair core. Do you recognize that description? 

Mrs. Cattermole nodded, mopping her eyes on her 
sleeve. 

  292 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Could you please tell us from which witch or wizard 
you took that wand? 



Ttook? sobbed Mrs. Cattermole. I didnt ttake it 
from anybody. I bbought it when I was eleven years 
old. It  it  it  chose me. 

She cried harder than ever. 

Umbridge laughed a soft girlish laugh that made 
Harry want to attack her. She leaned forward over the 
barrier, the better to observe her victim, and 
something gold swung forward too, and dangled over 
the void: the locket. 

Hermione had seen it; she let out a little squeak, but 
Umbridge and Yaxley, still intent upon their prey, 
were deaf to everything else. 

No, said Umbridge, no, I dont think so, Mrs. 
Cattermole. Wands only choose witches or wizards. 
You are not a witch. I have your responses to the 
questionnaire that was sent to you here  Mafalda, 
pass them to me. 

Umbridge held out a small hand: She looked so 
toadlike at that moment that Harry was quite 
surprised not to see webs between the stubby fingers. 
Hermione s hands were shaking with shock. She 
fumbled in a pile of documents balanced on the chair 
beside her, finally withdrawing a sheaf of parchment 
with Mrs. Cattermoles name on it. 

Thats  thats pretty, Dolores, she said, pointing at 
the pendant gleaming in the ruffled folds of 
Umbridges blouse. 

What? snapped Umbridge, glancing down. Oh yes 
 an old family heirloom, she said, patting the locket 

  293 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




lying on her large bosom. The S stands for Selwyn. ... 
I am related to the Selwyns. ... Indeed, there are few 
pureblood families to whom I am not related. ... A 
pity, she continued in a louder voice, flicking 
through Mrs. Cattermoles questionnaire, that the 
same cannot be said for you. Parents professions: 
greengrocers.  

Yaxley laughed jeeringly. Below, the fluffy silver cat 
patrolled up and down, and the dementors stood 
waiting in the corners. 

It was Umbridges lie that brought the blood surging 
into Harrys brain and obliterated his sense of caution 
 that the locket she had taken as a bribe from a 
petty criminal was being used to bolster her own 
pureblood credentials. He raised his wand, not even 
troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invisibility 
Cloak, and said, Stupefyl 

There was a flash of red light; Umbridge crumpled 
and her forehead hit the edge of the balustrade: Mrs. 
Cattermoles papers slid off her lap onto the floor and, 
down below, the prowling silver cat vanished. Icecold 
air hit them like an oncoming wind: Yaxley, confused, 
looked around for the source of the trouble and saw 
Harrys disembodied hand and wand pointing at him. 
He tried to draw his own wand, but too late: 

Stupefyl 

Yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on the floor. 
Harry! 

Hermione, if you think I was going to sit here and let 
her pretend   

Harry, Mrs. Cattermole! 



  294 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invisibility 
Cloak; down below, the dementors had moved out of 
their corners; they were gliding toward the woman 
chained to the chair: Whether because the Patronus 
had vanished or because they sensed that their 
masters were no longer in control, they seemed to 
have abandoned restraint. Mrs. Cattermole let out a 
terrible scream of fear as a slimy, scabbed hand 
grasped her chin and forced her face back. 

EXPECTO PATRONUM 

The silver stag soared from the tip of Harrys wand 
and leaped toward the dementors, which fell back and 
melted into the dark shadows again. The stags light, 
more powerful and more warming than the cats 
protection, filled the whole dungeon as it cantered 
around and around the room. 

Get the Horcrux, Harry told Hermione. 

He ran back down the steps, stuffing the Invisibility 
Cloak back into his bag, and approached Mrs. 
Cattermole. 

You? she whispered, gazing into his face. But  
but Reg said you were the one who submitted my 
name for questioning! 

Did I? muttered Harry, tugging at the chains 
binding her arms. Well, Ive had a change of heart. 
Diffindol Nothing happened. Hermione, how do I get 
rid of these chains? 

Wait, Im trying something up here   

Hermione, were surrounded by dementors! 



  295 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I know that, Harry, but if she wakes up and the 
lockets gone  I need to duplicate it  Geminio\ 
There ... That should fool her. ... 



Hermione came running downstairs. 

Lets see. ... Relashiol 

The chains clinked and withdrew into the arms of the 
chair. Mrs. Cattermole looked just as frightened as 
ever before. 

I dont understand, she whispered. 

Youre going to leave here with us, said Harry, 
pulling her to her feet. Go home, grab your children, 
and get out, get out of the country if youve got to. 
Disguise yourselves and run. Youve seen how it is, 
you wont get anything like a fair hearing here. 

Harry, said Hermione, how are we going to get out 
of here with all those dementors outside the door? 

Patronuses, said Harry, pointing his wand at his 
own: The stag slowed and walked, still gleaming 
brightly, toward the door. As many as we can 
muster; do yours, Hermione. 

Expec  Expecto patronum, said Hermione. Nothing 
happened. 

Its the only spell she ever has trouble with, Harry 
told a completely bemused Mrs. Cattermole. Bit 
unfortunate, really ... Come on, Hermione. ... 

Expecto patronum). 

A silver otter burst from the end of Hermione s wand 
and swam gracefully through the air to join the stag. 

  296 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Cmon, said Harry, and he led Hermione and Mrs. 
Cattermole to the door. 

When the Patronuses glided out of the dungeon there 
were cries of shock from the people waiting outside. 
Harry looked around; the dementors were falling back 
on both sides of them, melding into the darkness, 
scattering before the silver creatures. 

Its been decided that you should all go home and go 
into hiding with your families, Harry told the waiting 
Muggleborns, who were dazzled by the light of the 
Patronuses and still cowering slightly. Go abroad if 
you can. Just get well away from the Ministry. Thats 
the  er  new official position. Now, if youll just 
follow the Patronuses, youll be able to leave from the 
Atrium. 

They managed to get up the stone steps without being 
intercepted, but as they approached the lifts Harry 
started to have misgivings. If they emerged into the 
Atrium with a silver stag, an otter soaring alongside 
it, and twenty or so people, half of them accused 
Muggleborns, he could not help feeling that they 
would attract unwanted attention. He had just 
reached this unwelcome conclusion when the lift 
clanged to a halt in front of them. 

Reg! screamed Mrs. Cattermole, and she threw 
herself into Rons arms. Runcorn let me out, he 
attacked Umbridge and Yaxley, and hes told all of us 
to leave the country, I think wed better do it, Reg, I 
really do, lets hurry home and fetch the children and 
 why are you so wet? 

Water, muttered Ron, disengaging himself. Harry, 
they know there are intruders inside the Ministry, 
something about a hole in Umbridges office door, I 
reckon weve got five minutes if that   

  297 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hermione s Patronus vanished with a pop as she 
turned a horrorstruck face to Harry. 

Harry, if were trapped here  ! 

We wont be if we move fast, said Harry. He 
addressed the silent group behind them, who were all 
gawping at him. 

Whos got wands? 

About half of them raised their hands. 

Okay, all of you who havent got wands need to 
attach yourself to somebody who has. Well need to be 
fast before they stop us. Come on. 

They managed to cram themselves into two lifts. 
Harrys Patronus stood sentinel before the golden 
grilles as they shut and the lifts began to rise. 

Level eight, said the witchs cool voice, Atrium. 

Harry knew at once that they were in trouble. The 
Atrium was full of people moving from fireplace to 
fireplace, sealing them off. 

Harry! squeaked Hermione. What are we going to  
? 

STOP! Harry thundered, and the powerful voice of 
Runcorn echoed through the Atrium: The wizards 
sealing the fireplaces froze. Follow me, he whispered 
to the group of terrified Muggleborns, who moved 
forward in a huddle, shepherded by Ron and 
Hermione. 



  298 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Whats up, Albert? said the same balding wizard 
who had followed Harry out of the fireplace earlier. He 
looked nervous. 



This lot need to leave before you seal the exits, said 
Harry with all the authority he could muster. 

The group of wizards in front of him looked at one 
another. 

Weve been told to seal all exits and not let anyone  



 Are you contradicting me? Harry blustered. Would 
you like me to have your family tree examined, like I 
had Dirk Cresswells? 

Sorry! gasped the balding wizard, backing away. I 
didnt mean nothing, Albert, but I thought ... I 
thought they were in for questioning and ... 

Their blood is pure, said Harry, and his deep voice 
echoed impressively through the hall. Purer than 
many of yours, I daresay. Off you go, he boomed to 
the Muggleborns, who scurried forward into the 
fireplaces and began to vanish in pairs. The Ministry 
wizards hung back, some looking confused, others 
scared and resentful. Then: 

Mary! 

Mrs. Cattermole looked over her shoulder. The real 
Reg Cattermole, no longer vomiting but pale and wan, 
had just come running out of a lift. 

RReg? 

She looked from her husband to Ron, who swore 
loudly. 

  299 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The balding wizard gaped, his head turning 
ludicrously from one Reg Cattermole to the other. 



Hey  whats going on? What is this? 

Seal the exit! SEAL IT! 

Yaxley had burst out of another lift and was running 
toward the group beside the fireplaces, into which all 
of the Muggleborns but Mrs. Cattermole had now 
vanished. As the balding wizard lifted his wand, Harry 
raised an enormous fist and punched him, sending 
him flying through the air. 

Hes been helping Muggleborns escape, Yaxley! 
Harry shouted. 

The balding wizards colleagues set up an uproar, 
under cover of which Ron grabbed Mrs. Cattermole, 
pulled her into the stillopen fireplace, and 
disappeared. Confused, Yaxley looked from Harry to 
the punched wizard, while the real Reg Cattermole 
screamed, My wife! Who was that with my wife? 
Whats going on? 

Harry saw Yaxleys head turn, saw an inkling of the 
truth dawn in that brutish face. 

Come on! Harry shouted at Hermione; he seized her 
hand and they jumped into the fireplace together as 
Yaxleys curse sailed over Harrys head. They spun for 
a few seconds before shooting up out of a toilet into a 
cubicle. Harry flung open the door; Ron was standing 
there beside the sinks, still wrestling with Mrs. 
Cattermole. 

Reg, I dont understand   

Let go, Im not your husband, youve got to go home! 

  300 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There was a noise in the cubicle behind them; Harry 
looked around; Yaxley had just appeared. 

LETS GO! Harry yelled. He seized Hermione by the 
hand and Ron by the arm and turned on the spot. 

Darkness engulfed them, along with the sensation of 
compressing bands, but something was wrong. ... 
Hermione s hand seemed to be sliding out of his grip. 



He wondered whether he was going to suffocate; he 
could not breathe or see and the only solid things in 
the world were Rons arm and Hermione s fingers, 
which were slowly slipping away. . . . 

And then he saw the door of number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place, with its serpent door knocker, but 
before he could draw breath, there was a scream and 
a flash of purple light; Hermione s hand was suddenly 
vicelike upon his and everything went dark again. 



  301 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE THIEF 

Harry opened his eyes and was dazzled by gold and 
green; he had no idea what had happened, he only 
knew that he was lying on what seemed to be leaves 
and twigs. Struggling to draw breath into lungs that 
felt flattened, he blinked and realized that the gaudy 
glare was sunlight streaming through a canopy of 
leaves far above him. Then an object twitched close to 
his face. He pushed himself onto his hands and 
knees, ready to face some small, fierce creature, but 
saw that the object was Rons foot. Looking around, 
Harry saw that they and Hermione were lying on a 
forest floor, apparently alone. 

Harrys first thought was of the Forbidden Forest, and 
for a moment, even though he knew how foolish and 
dangerous it would be for them to appear in the 
grounds of Hogwarts, his heart leapt at the thought of 
sneaking through the trees to Hagrids hut. However, 
in the few moments it took for Ron to give a low groan 
and Harry to start crawling toward him, he realized 
that this was not the Forbidden Forest: The trees 



  302 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



looked younger, they were more widely spaced, the 
ground clearer. 



He met Hermione, also on her hands and knees, at 
Rons head. The moment his eyes fell upon Ron, all 
other concerns fled Harrys mind, for blood drenched 
the whole of Rons left side and his face stood out, 
grayish white, against the leafstrewn earth. The 
Polyjuice Potion was wearing off now: Ron was 
halfway between Cattermole and himself in 
appearance, his hair turning redder and redder as his 
face drained of the little color it had left. 

Whats happened to him? 

Splinched, said Hermione, her fingers already busy 
at Rons sleeve, where the blood was wettest and 
darkest. 

Harry watched, horrified, as she tore open Rons 
shirt. He had always thought of Splinching as 
something comical, but this . . . His insides crawled 
unpleasantly as Hermione laid bare Rons upper arm, 
where a great chunk of flesh was missing, scooped 
cleanly away as though by a knife. 

Harry, quickly, in my bag, theres a small bottle 
labeled Essence of Dittany   

Bag  right   

Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, 
seized the tiny beaded bag, and thrust his hand 
inside it. At once, object after object began presenting 
itself to his touch: He felt the leather spines of books, 
woolly sleeves of jumpers, heels of shoes  

Quickly\ 

  303 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He grabbed his wand from the ground and pointed it 
into the depths of the magical bag. 

Accio Dittany\ 

A small brown bottle zoomed out of the bag; he 
caught it and hastened back to Hermione and Ron, 
whose eyes were now halfclosed, strips of white 
eyeball all that were visible between his lids. 

Hes fainted, said Hermione, who was also rather 
pale; she no longer looked like Mafalda, though her 
hair was still gray in places. Unstopper it for me, 
Harry, my hands are shaking. 

Harry wrenched the stopper off the little bottle, 
Hermione took it and poured three drops of the potion 
onto the bleeding wound. Greenish smoke billowed 
upward and when it had cleared, Harry saw that the 
bleeding had stopped. The wound now looked several 
days old; new skin stretched over what had just been 
open flesh. 

Wow, said Harry. 

Its all I feel safe doing, said Hermione shakily. 
There are spells that would put him completely right, 
but I darent try in case I do them wrong and cause 
more damage. ... Hes lost so much blood already. ... 

How did he get hurt? I mean  Harry shook his 
head, trying to clear it, to make sense of whatever had 
just taken place  why are we here? I thought we 
were going back to Grimmauld Place? 

Hermione took a deep breath. She looked close to 
tears. 



  304 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, I dont think were going to be able to go back 
there. 

What dyou  ? 

As we Disapparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I 
couldnt get rid of him, he was too strong, and he was 
still holding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, 
and then  well, I think he must have seen the door, 
and thought we were stopping there, so he slackened 
his grip and I managed to shake him off and I brought 
us here instead! 

But then, wheres he? Hang on. ... You dont mean 
hes at Grimmauld Place? He cant get in there? 

Her eyes sparkled with unshed tears as she nodded. 

Harry, I think he can. I  I forced him to let go with 
a Revulsion Jinx, but Id already taken him inside the 
Fidelius Charms protection. Since Dumbledore died, 
were SecretKeepers, so Ive given him the secret, 
havent I? 

There was no pretending; Harry was sure she was 
right. It was a serious blow. If Yaxley could now get 
inside the house, there was no way that they could 
return. Even now, he could be bringing other Death 
Eaters in there by Apparition. Gloomy and oppressive 
though the house was, it had been their one safe 
refuge: even, now that Kreacher was so much happier 
and friendlier, a kind of home. With a twinge of regret 
that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the 
houseelf busying himself over the steakandkidney 
pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat. 

Harry, Im sorry, Im so sorry! 



  305 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dont be stupid, it wasnt your fault! If anything, it 
was mine. ... 

Harry put his hand in his pocket and drew out Mad 
Eyes eye. Hermione recoiled, looking horrified. 

Umbridge had stuck it to her office door, to spy on 
people. I couldnt leave it there ... but thats how they 
knew there were intruders. 

Before Hermione could answer, Ron groaned and 
opened his eyes. He was still gray and his face 
glistened with sweat. 

How dyou feel? Hermione whispered. 

Lousy, croaked Ron, wincing as he felt his injured 
arm. Where are we? 

In the woods where they held the Quidditch World 
Cup, said Hermione. I wanted somewhere enclosed, 
undercover, and this was   

  the first place you thought of, Harry finished for 
her, glancing around at the apparently deserted 
glade. He could not help remembering what had 
happened the last time they had Apparated to the 
first place Hermione had thought of  how Death 
Eaters had found them within minutes. Had it been 
Legilimency? Did Voldemort or his henchmen know, 
even now, where Hermione had taken them? 

Dyou reckon we should move on? Ron asked Harry, 
and Harry could tell by the look on Rons face that he 
was thinking the same. 

I dunno. 



  306 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron still looked pale and clammy. He had made no 
attempt to sit up and it looked as though he was too 
weak to do so. The prospect of moving him was 
daunting. 

Lets stay here for now, Harry said. 

Looking relieved, Hermione sprang to her feet. 

Where are you going? asked Ron. 

If were staying, we should put some protective 
enchantments around the place, she replied, and 
raising her wand, she began to walk in a wide circle 
around Harry and Ron, murmuring incantations as 
she went. Harry saw little disturbances in the 
surrounding air: It was as if Hermione had cast a 
heat haze upon their clearing. 

Salvio Hexia ... Protego Totalum ... Repello Muggletum 
... Muffliato ... You could get out the tent, Harry. ... 

Tent? 

In the bag! 

In the ... of course, said Harry. 

He did not bother to grope inside it this time, but 
used another Summoning Charm. The tent emerged 
in a lumpy mass of canvas, rope, and poles. Harry 
recognized it, partly because of the smell of cats, as 
the same tent in which they had slept on the night of 
the Quidditch World Cup. 

I thought this belonged to that bloke Perkins at the 
Ministry? he asked, starting to disentangle the tent 
pegs. 



  307 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Apparently he didnt want it back, his lumbagos so 
bad, said Hermione, now performing complicated 
figureofeight movements with her wand, so Rons 
dad said I could borrow it. ErectoV she added, 
pointing her wand at the misshapen canvas, which in 
one fluid motion rose into the air and settled, fully 
constructed, onto the ground before Harry, out of 
whose startled hands a tent peg soared, to land with 
a final thud at the end of a guy rope. 

 Cave Inimicum, Hermione finished with a skyward 
flourish. Thats as much as I can do. At the very 
least, we should know theyre coming, I cant 
guarantee it will keep out Vol   

Dont say the name! Ron cut across her, his voice 
harsh. 

Harry and Hermione looked at each other. 

Im sorry, Ron said, moaning a little as he raised 
himself to look at them, but it feels like a  a jinx or 
something. Cant we call him YouKnowWho  
please? 

Dumbledore said fear of a name   began Harry. 

In case you hadnt noticed, mate, calling YouKnow 
Who by his name didnt do Dumbledore much good in 
the end, Ron snapped back. Just  just show You 
KnowWho some respect, will you? 

Respect? Harry repeated, but Hermione shot him a 
warning look; apparently he was not to argue with 
Ron while the latter was in such a weakened 
condition. 

Harry and Hermione half carried, half dragged Ron 
through the entrance of the tent. The interior was 

  308 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




exactly as Harry remembered it: a small flat, complete 
with bathroom and tiny kitchen. He shoved aside an 
old armchair and lowered Ron carefully onto the lower 
berth of a bunk bed. Even this very short journey had 
turned Ron whiter still, and once they had settled him 
on the mattress he closed his eyes again and did not 
speak for a while. 

Ill make some tea, said Hermione breathlessly, 
pulling kettle and mugs from the depths of her bag 
and heading toward the kitchen. 

Harry found the hot drink as welcome as the 
firewhisky had been on the night that MadEye had 
died; it seemed to burn away a little of the fear 
fluttering in his chest. After a minute or two, Ron 
broke the silence. 

What dyou reckon happened to the Cattermoles? 

With any luck, theyll have got away, said Hermione, 
clutching her hot mug for comfort. As long as Mr. 
Cattermole had his wits about him, hell have 
transported Mrs. Cattermole by SideAlong Apparition 
and theyll be fleeing the country right now with their 
children. Thats what Harry told her to do. 

Blimey, I hope they escaped, said Ron, leaning back 
on his pillows. The tea seemed to be doing him good; 
a little of his color had returned. I didnt get the 
feeling Reg Cattermole was all that quickwitted, 
though, the way everyone was talking to me when I 
was him. God, I hope they made it. ... If they both end 
up in Azkaban because of us ... 

Harry looked over at Hermione and the question he 
had been about to ask  about whether Mrs. 
Cattermole s lack of a wand would prevent her 
Apparating alongside her husband  died in his 

  309 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




throat. Hermione was watching Ron fret over the fate 
of the Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness in 
her expression that Harry felt almost as if he had 
surprised her in the act of kissing him. 

So, have you got it? Harry asked her, partly to 
remind her that he was there. 

Got  got what? she said with a little start. 

What did we just go through all that for? The locket! 
Wheres the locket? 

 You got it? shouted Ron, raising himself a little 
higher on his pillows. No one tells me anything! 
Blimey, you could have mentioned it! 

Well, we were running for our lives from the Death 
Eaters, werent we? said Hermione. Here. 

And she pulled the locket out of the pocket of her 
robes and handed it to Ron. 

It was as large as a chickens egg. An ornate letter S, 
inlaid with many small green stones, glinted dully in 
the diffused light shining through the tents canvas 
roof. 

There isnt any chance someones destroyed it since 
Kreacher had it? asked Ron hopefully. I mean, are 
we sure its still a Horcrux? 

I think so, said Hermione, taking it back from him 
and looking at it closely. There d be some sign of 
damage if it had been magically destroyed. 

She passed it to Harry, who turned it over in his 
fingers. The thing looked perfect, pristine. He 
remembered the mangled remains of the diary, and 

  310 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




how the stone in the Horcrux ring had been cracked 
open when Dumbledore destroyed it. 



I reckon Kreachers right, said Harry. Were going to 
have to work out how to open this thing before we can 
destroy it. 

Sudden awareness of what he was holding, of what 
lived behind the little golden doors, hit Harry as he 
spoke. Even after all their efforts to find it, he felt a 
violent urge to fling the locket from him. Mastering 
himself again, he tried to prise the locket apart with 
his fingers, then attempted the charm Hermione had 
used to open Reguluss bedroom door. Neither 
worked. He handed the locket back to Ron and 
Hermione, each of whom did their best, but were no 
more successful at opening it than he had been. 

Can you feel it, though? Ron asked in a hushed 
voice, as he held it tight in his clenched fist. 

What dyou mean? 

Ron passed the Horcrux to Harry. After a moment or 
two, Harry thought he knew what Ron meant. Was it 
his own blood pulsing through his veins that he could 
feel, or was it something beating inside the locket, like 
a tiny metal heart? 

What are we going to do with it? Hermione asked. 

Keep it safe till we work out how to destroy it, Harry 
replied, and, little though he wanted to, he hung the 
chain around his own neck, dropping the locket out 
of sight beneath his robes, where it rested against his 
chest beside the pouch Hagrid had given him. 

I think we should take it in turns to keep watch 
outside the tent, he added to Hermione, standing up 

  311 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and stretching. And well need to think about some 
food as well. You stay there, he added sharply, as 
Ron attempted to sit up and turned a nasty shade of 
green. 

With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harry for 
his birthday set carefully upon the table in the tent, 
Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing 
the role of lookout. However, the Sneakoscope 
remained silent and still upon its point all day, and 
whether because of the protective enchantments and 
Mugglerepelling charms Hermione had spread 
around them, or because people rarely ventured this 
way, their patch of wood remained deserted, apart 
from occasional birds and squirrels. Evening brought 
no change; Harry lit his wand as he swapped places 
with Hermione at ten oclock, and looked out upon a 
deserted scene, noting the bats fluttering high above 
him across the single patch of starry sky visible from 
their protected clearing. 

He felt hungry now, and a little lightheaded. 

Hermione had not packed any food in her magical 
bag, as she had assumed that they would be 
returning to Grimmauld Place that night, so they had 
had nothing to eat except some wild mushrooms that 
Hermione had collected from amongst the nearest 
trees and stewed in a billycan. After a couple of 
mouthfuls Ron had pushed his portion away, looking 
queasy; Harry had only persevered so as not to hurt 
Hermione s feelings. 

The surrounding silence was broken by odd rustlings 
and what sounded like crackings of twigs: Harry 
thought that they were caused by animals rather than 
people, yet he kept his wand held tight at the ready. 
His insides, already uncomfortable due to their 
inadequate helping of rubbery mushrooms, tingled 
with unease. 

  312 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He had thought that he would feel elated if they 
managed to steal back the Horcrux, but somehow he 
did not; all he felt as he sat looking out at the 
darkness, of which his wand lit only a tiny part, was 
worry about what would happen next. It was as 
though he had been hurtling toward this point for 
weeks, months, maybe even years, but now he had 
come to an abrupt halt, run out of road. 

There were other Horcruxes out there somewhere, but 
he did not have the faintest idea where they could be. 
He did not even know what all of them were. 
Meanwhile he was at a loss to know how to destroy 
the only one that they had found, the Horcrux that 
currently lay against the bare flesh of his chest. 
Curiously, it had not taken heat from his body, but 
lay so cold against his skin it might just have 
emerged from icy water. From time to time Harry 
thought, or perhaps imagined, that he could feel the 
tiny heartbeat ticking irregularly alongside his own. 

Nameless forebodings crept upon him as he sat there 
in the dark: He tried to resist them, push them away, 
yet they came at him relentlessly. Neither can live 
while the other survives. Ron and Hermione, now 
talking softly behind him in the tent, could walk away 
if they wanted to: He could not. And it seemed to 
Harry as he sat there trying to master his own fear 
and exhaustion, that the Horcrux against his chest 
was ticking away the time he had left. ... Stupid idea, 
he told himself, dont think that. ... 

His scar was starting to prickle again. He was afraid 
that he was making it happen by having these 
thoughts, and tried to direct them into another 
channel. He thought of poor Kreacher, who had 
expected them home and had received Yaxley instead. 
Would the elf keep silent or would he tell the Death 
Eater everything he knew? Harry wanted to believe 
  313 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that Kreacher had changed toward him in the past 
month, that he would be loyal now, but who knew 
what would happen? What if the Death Eaters 
tortured the elf? Sick images swarmed into Harrys 
head and he tried to push these away too, for there 
was nothing he could do for Kreacher: He and 
Hermione had already decided against trying to 
summon him; what if someone from the Ministry 
came too? They could not count on elfish Apparition 
being free from the same flaw that had taken Yaxley 
to Grimmauld Place on the hem of Hermione s sleeve. 

Harrys scar was burning now. He thought that there 
was so much they did not know: Lupin had been right 
about magic they had never encountered or imagined. 
Why hadnt Dumbledore explained more? Had he 
thought that there would be time; that he would live 
for years, for centuries perhaps, like his friend Nicolas 
Flamel? If so, he had been wrong. ... Snape had seen 
to that. ... Snape, the sleeping snake, who had struck 
at the top of the tower . . . 

And Dumbledore had fallen ... fallen ... 

 Give it to me, Gregorovitch. 

Harrys voice was high, clear, and cold, his wand held 
in front of him by a longfingered white hand. The 
man at whom he was pointing was suspended upside 
down in midair, though there were no ropes holding 
him; he swung there, invisibly and eerily bound, his 
limbs wrapped about him, his terrified face, on a level 
with Harrys, ruddy due to the blood that had rushed 
to his head. He had purewhite hair and a thick, 
bushy beard: a trussedup Father Christmas. 

I have it not, I have it no more! It was, many years 
ago, stolen from me! 



  314 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch. He 
knows. ... He always knows. 

The hanging mans pupils were wide, dilated with 
fear, and they seemed to swell, bigger and bigger until 
their blackness swallowed Harry whole  

And now Harry was hurrying along a dark corridor in 
stout little Gregorovitch s wake as he held a lantern 
aloft: Gregorovitch burst into the room at the end of 
the passage and his lantern illuminated what looked 
like a workshop; wood shavings and gold gleamed in 
the swinging pool of light, and there on the window 
ledge sat perched, like a giant bird, a young man with 
golden hair. In the split second that the lanterns light 
illuminated him, Harry saw the delight upon his 
handsome face, then the intruder shot a Stunning 
Spell from his wand and jumped neatly backward out 
of the window with a crow of laughter. 

And Harry was hurtling back out of those wide, 
tunnellike pupils and Gregorovitch s face was stricken 
with terror. 

Who was the thief, Gregorovitch? said the high cold 
voice. 

I do not know, I never knew, a young man  no  
please  PLEASE ! 

A scream that went on and on and then a burst of 
green light  

 Harryl  

He opened his eyes, panting, his forehead throbbing. 
He had passed out against the side of the tent, had 
slid sideways down the canvas, and was sprawled on 
the ground. He looked up at Hermione, whose bushy 

  315 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




hair obscured the tiny patch of sky visible through 
the dark branches high above them. 

Dream, he said, sitting up quickly and attempting to 
meet Hermione s glower with a look of innocence. 
Mustve dozed off, sorry. 

I know it was your scar! I can tell by the look on your 
face! You were looking into Vol   

Dont say his name! came Rons angry voice from 
the depths of the tent. 

Fine, retorted Hermione. YouKnowWhos mind, 
then! 

I didnt mean it to happen! Harry said. It was a 
dream! Can you control what you dream about, 
Hermione? 

If you just learned to apply Occlumency   

But Harry was not interested in being told off; he 
wanted to discuss what he had just seen. 

Hes found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think hes 
killed him, but before he killed him he read 
Gregorovitch s mind and I saw   

I think Id better take over the watch if youre so tired 
youre falling asleep, said Hermione coldly. 

I can finish the watch! 

No, youre obviously exhausted. Go and lie down. 

She dropped down in the mouth of the tent, looking 
stubborn. Angry, but wishing to avoid a row, Harry 
ducked back inside. 

  316 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Rons stillpale face was poking out from the lower 
bunk; Harry climbed into the one above him, lay 
down, and looked up at the dark canvas ceiling. After 
several moments, Ron spoke in a voice so low that it 
would not carry to Hermione, huddled in the 
entrance. 

Whats YouKnowWho doing? 

Harry screwed up his eyes in the effort to remember 
every detail, then whispered into the darkness. 

He found Gregorovitch. He had him tied up, he was 
torturing him. 

Hows Gregorovitch supposed to make him a new 
wand if hes tied up? 

I dunno. ... Its weird, isnt it? 

Harry closed his eyes, thinking of all he had seen and 
heard. The more he recalled, the less sense it made. 

... Voldemort had said nothing about Harrys wand, 
nothing about the twin cores, nothing about 
Gregorovitch making a new and more powerful wand 
to beat Harrys. ... 

He wanted something from Gregorovitch, Harry 
said, eyes still closed tight. He asked him to hand it 
over, but Gregorovitch said it had been stolen from 
him ... and then ... then ... 

He remembered how he, as Voldemort, had seemed to 
hurtle through Gregorovitch s eyes, into his 
memories. ... 

He read Gregorovitch s mind, and I saw this young 
bloke perched on a windowsill, and he fired a curse at 
Gregorovitch and jumped out of sight. He stole it, he 

  317 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




stole whatever YouKnowWhos after. And I ... I think 
Ive seen him somewhere. ... 

Harry wished he could have another glimpse of the 
laughing boys face. The theft had happened many 
years ago, according to Gregorovitch. Why did the 
young thief look familiar? 

The noises of the surrounding woods were muffled 
inside the tent; all Harry could hear was Rons 
breathing. After a while, Ron whispered, Couldnt 
you see what the thief was holding? 

No ... it mustve been something small. 

Harry? 

The wooden slats of Rons bunk creaked as he 
repositioned himself in bed. 

Harry, you dont reckon YouKnowWhos after 
something else to turn into a Horcrux? 

I dont know, said Harry slowly. Maybe. But 
wouldnt it be dangerous for him to make another 
one? Didnt Hermione say he had pushed his soul to 
the limit already? 

Yeah, but maybe he doesnt know that. 

Yeah ... maybe, said Harry. 

He had been sure that Voldemort had been looking 
for a way around the problem of the twin cores, sure 
that Voldemort sought a solution from the old 
wandmaker . . . and yet he had killed him, apparently 
without asking him a single question about wandlore. 



  318 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What was Voldemort trying to find? Why, with the 
Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding world at his feet, 
was he far away, intent on the pursuit of an object 
that Gregorovitch had once owned, and which had 
been stolen by the unknown thief? 

Harry could still see the blondhaired youths face; it 
was merry, wild; there was a Fred and Georgeish air 
of triumphant trickery about him. He had soared from 
the windowsill like a bird, and Harry had seen him 
before, but he could not think where. ... 

With Gregorovitch dead, it was the merryfaced thief 
who was in danger now, and it was on him that 
Harrys thoughts dwelled, as Rons snores began to 
rumble from the lower bunk and as he himself drifted 
slowly into sleep once more. 



  319 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE GOBLINS REVENGE 

Early next morning, before the other two were awake, 
Harry left the tent to search the woods around them 
for the oldest, most gnarled, and resilientlooking tree 
he could find. There in its shadow he buried MadEye 
Moodys eye and marked the spot by gouging a small 
cross in the bark with his wand. It was not much, but 
Harry felt that MadEye would have much preferred 
this to being stuck on Dolores Umbridges door. Then 
he returned to the tent to wait for the others to wake, 
and discuss what they were going to do next. 

Harry and Hermione felt that it was best not to stay 
anywhere too long, and Ron agreed, with the sole 
proviso that their next move took them within reach 
of a bacon sandwich. Hermione therefore removed the 
enchantments she had placed around the clearing, 
while Harry and Ron obliterated all the marks and 
impressions on the ground that might show they had 
camped there. Then they Disapparated to the 
outskirts of a small market town. 



  320 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Once they had pitched the tent in the shelter of a 
small copse of trees and surrounded it with freshly 
cast defensive enchantments, Harry ventured out 
under the Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance. This, 
however, did not go as planned. He had barely 
entered the town when an unnatural chill, a 
descending mist, and a sudden darkening of the skies 
made him freeze where he stood. 

But you can make a brilliant Patronus! protested 
Ron, when Harry arrived back at the tent empty 
handed, out of breath, and mouthing the single word, 
dementors. 

I couldnt ... make one, he panted, clutching the 
stitch in his side. Wouldnt ... come. 

Their expressions of consternation and 
disappointment made Harry feel ashamed. It had 
been a nightmarish experience, seeing the dementors 
gliding out of the mist in the distance and realizing, 
as the paralyzing cold choked his lungs and a distant 
screaming filled his ears, that he was not going to be 
able to protect himself. It had taken all Harrys 
willpower to uproot himself from the spot and run, 
leaving the eyeless dementors to glide amongst the 
Muggles who might not be able to see them, but 
would assuredly feel the despair they cast wherever 
they went. 

So we still havent got any food. 

Shut up, Ron, snapped Hermione. Harry, what 
happened? Why do you think you couldnt make your 
Patronus? You managed perfectly yesterday! 

I dont know. 



  321 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He sat low in one of Perkinss old armchairs, feeling 
more humiliated by the moment. He was afraid that 
something had gone wrong inside him. Yesterday 
seemed a long time ago: Today he might have been 
thirteen years old again, the only one who collapsed 
on the Hogwarts Express. 

Ron kicked a chair leg. 

What? he snarled at Hermione. Im starving! All Ive 
had since I bled half to death is a couple of 
toadstools! 

You go and fight your way through the dementors, 
then, said Harry, stung. 

I would, but my arms in a sling, in case you hadnt 
noticed! 

Thats convenient. 

And whats that supposed to  ? 

Of course! cried Hermione, clapping a hand to her 
forehead and startling both of them into silence. 
Harry, give me the locket! Come on, she said 
impatiently, clicking her fingers at him when he did 
not react, the Horcrux, Harry, youre still wearing it! 

She held out her hands, and Harry lifted the golden 
chain over his head. The moment it parted contact 
with Harrys skin he felt free and oddly light. He had 
not even realized that he was clammy or that there 
was a heavy weight pressing on his stomach until 
both sensations lifted. 

Better? asked Hermione. 

Yeah, loads better! 

  322 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, she said, crouching down in front of him and 
using the kind of voice he associated with visiting the 
very sick, you dont think youve been possessed, do 
you? 

What? No! he said defensively. I remember 
everything weve done while Ive been wearing it. I 
wouldnt know what Id done if Id been possessed, 
would I? Ginny told me there were times when she 
couldnt remember anything. 

Hmm, said Hermione, looking down at the heavy 
gold locket. Well, maybe we ought not to wear it. We 
can just keep it in the tent. 

We are not leaving that Horcrux lying around, Harry 
stated firmly. If we lose it, if it gets stolen   

Oh, all right, all right, said Hermione, and she 
placed it around her own neck and tucked it out of 
sight down the front of her shirt. But well take turns 
wearing it, so nobody keeps it on too long. 

Great, said Ron irritably, and now weve sorted that 
out, can we please get some food? 

Fine, but well go somewhere else to find it, said 
Hermione with half a glance at Harry. Theres no 
point staying where we know dementors are swooping 
around. 

In the end they settled down for the night in a far 
flung field belonging to a lonely farm, from which they 
had managed to obtain eggs and bread. 

Its not stealing, is it? asked Hermione in a troubled 
voice, as they devoured scrambled eggs on toast. Not 
if I left some money under the chicken coop? 



  323 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron rolled his eyes and said, with his cheeks bulging, 

 Ermynee, oo worry oo much. Elax! 

And, indeed, it was much easier to relax when they 
were comfortably well fed: The argument about the 
dementors was forgotten in laughter that night, and 
Harry felt cheerful, even hopeful, as he took the first 
of the three night watches. 

This was their first encounter with the fact that a full 
stomach meant good spirits; an empty one, bickering 
and gloom. Harry was least surprised by this, 
because he had suffered periods of near starvation at 
the Dursleys. Hermione bore up reasonably well on 
those nights when they managed to scavenge nothing 
but berries or stale biscuits, her temper perhaps a 
little shorter than usual and her silences rather dour. 
Ron, however, had always been used to three 
delicious meals a day, courtesy of his mother or of the 
Hogwarts houseelves, and hunger made him both 
unreasonable and irascible. Whenever lack of food 
coincided with Rons turn to wear the Horcrux, he 
became downright unpleasant. 

So where next? was his constant refrain. He did not 
seem to have any ideas himself, but expected Harry 
and Hermione to come up with plans while he sat and 
brooded over the low food supplies. Accordingly Harry 
and Hermione spent fruitless hours trying to decide 
where they might find the other Horcruxes, and how 
to destroy the one they had already got, their 
conversations becoming increasingly repetitive as 
they had no new information. 

As Dumbledore had told Harry that he believed 
Voldemort had hidden the Horcruxes in places 
important to him, they kept reciting, in a sort of 
dreary litany, those locations they knew that 
Voldemort had lived or visited. The orphanage where 
  324 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




he had been born and raised; Hogwarts, where he had 
been educated; Borgin and Burkes, where he had 
worked after completing school; then Albania, where 
he had spent his years of exile: These formed the 
basis of their speculations. 

Yeah, lets go to Albania. Shouldnt take more than 
an afternoon to search an entire country, said Ron 
sarcastically. 

There cant be anything there. Hed already made five 
of his Horcruxes before he went into exile, and 
Dumbledore was certain the snake is the sixth, said 
Hermione. We know the snakes not in Albania, its 
usually with Vol   

Didnt I ask you to stop saying that? 

Fine! The snake is usually with YouKnotuWho  
happy? 

Not particularly. 

I cant see him hiding anything at Borgin and 
Burkes, said Harry, who had made this point many 
times before, but said it again simply to break the 
nasty silence. Borgin and Burke were experts at 
Dark objects, they wouldve recognized a Horcrux 
straightaway. 

Ron yawned pointedly. Repressing a strong urge to 
throw something at him, Harry plowed on, I still 
reckon he might have hidden something at 
Hogwarts. 

Hermione sighed. 

But Dumbledore would have found it, Harry! 



  325 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry repeated the argument he kept bringing out in 
favor of this theory. 

Dumbledore said in front of me that he never 
assumed he knew all of Hogwartss secrets. Im telling 
you, if there was one place Vol   

Oi! 



YOUKNOWWHO, then! Harry shouted, goaded 
past endurance. If there was one place that was 
really important to YouKnowWho, it was Hogwarts! 

Oh, come on, scoffed Ron. His school? 

Yeah, his school! It was his first real home, the place 
that meant he was special; it meant everything to 
him, and even after he left   

This is YouKnowWho were talking about, right? 

Not you? inquired Ron. He was tugging at the chain 
of the Horcrux around his neck: Harry was visited by 
a desire to seize it and throttle him. 

You told us that YouKnowWho asked Dumbledore 
to give him a job after he left, said Hermione. 

Thats right, said Harry. 

And Dumbledore thought he only wanted to come 
back to try and find something, probably another 
founders object, to make into another Horcrux? 

Yeah, said Harry. 

But he didnt get the job, did he? said Hermione. So 
he never got the chance to find a founders object 
there and hide it in the school! 



  326 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Okay, then, said Harry, defeated. Forget Hogwarts. 

Without any other leads, they traveled into London 
and, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, searched 
for the orphanage in which Voldemort had been 
raised. Hermione stole into a library and discovered 
from their records that the place had been 
demolished many years before. They visited its site 
and found a tower block of offices. 

We could try digging in the foundations? Hermione 
suggested halfheartedly. 

He wouldnt have hidden a Horcrux here, Harry 
said. He had known it all along: The orphanage had 
been the place Voldemort had been determined to 
escape; he would never have hidden a part of his soul 
there. Dumbledore had shown Harry that Voldemort 
sought grandeur or mystique in his hiding places; 
this dismal gray corner of London was as far removed 
as you could imagine from Hogwarts or the Ministry 
or a building like Gringotts, the Wizarding bank, with 
its golden doors and marble floors. 

Even without any new ideas, they continued to move 
through the countryside, pitching the tent in a 
different place each night for security. Every morning 
they made sure that they had removed all clues to 
their presence, then set off to find another lonely and 
secluded spot, traveling by Apparition to more woods, 
to the shadowy crevices of cliffs, to purple moors, 
gorsecovered mountainsides, and once a sheltered 
and pebbly cove. Every twelve hours or so they 
passed the Horcrux between them as though they 
were playing some perverse, slowmotion game of 
passtheparcel, where they dreaded the music 
stopping because the reward was twelve hours of 
increased fear and anxiety. 



  327 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harrys scar kept prickling. It happened most often, 
he noticed, when he was wearing the Horcrux. 
Sometimes he could not stop himself reacting to the 
pain. 

What? What did you see? demanded Ron, whenever 
he noticed Harry wince. 

A face, muttered Harry, every time. The same face. 
The thief who stole from Gregorovitch. 

And Ron would turn away, making no effort to hide 
his disappointment. Harry knew that Ron was hoping 
to hear news of his family or of the rest of the Order of 
the Phoenix, but after all, he, Harry, was not a 
television aerial; he could only see what Voldemort 
was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took 
his fancy. Apparently Voldemort was dwelling 
endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, 
whose name and whereabouts, Harry felt sure, 
Voldemort knew no better than he did. As Harrys 
scar continued to burn and the merry, blondhaired 
boy swam tantalizingly in his memory, he learned to 
suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other 
two showed nothing but impatience at the mention of 
the thief. He could not entirely blame them, when 
they were so desperate for a lead on the Horcruxes. 

As the days stretched into weeks, Harry began to 
suspect that Ron and Hermione were having 
conversations without, and about, him. Several times 
they stopped talking abruptly when Harry entered the 
tent, and twice he came accidentally upon them, 
huddled a little distance away, heads together and 
talking fast; both times they fell silent when they 
realized he was approaching them and hastened to 
appear busy collecting wood or water. 



  328 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry could not help wondering whether they had 
only agreed to come on what now felt like a pointless 
and rambling journey because they thought he had 
some secret plan that they would learn in due course. 
Ron was making no effort to hide his bad mood, and 
Harry was starting to fear that Hermione too was 
disappointed by his poor leadership. In desperation 
he tried to think of further Horcrux locations, but the 
only one that continued to occur to him was 
Hogwarts, and as neither of the others thought this at 
all likely, he stopped suggesting it. 

Autumn rolled over the countryside as they moved 
through it: They were now pitching the tent on 
mulches of fallen leaves. Natural mists joined those 
cast by the dementors; wind and rain added to their 
troubles. The fact that Hermione was getting better at 
identifying edible fungi could not altogether 
compensate for their continuing isolation, the lack of 
other peoples company, or their total ignorance of 
what was going on in the war against Voldemort. 

My mother, said Ron one night, as they sat in the 
tent on a riverbank in Wales, can make good food 
appear out of thin air. 

He prodded moodily at the lumps of charred gray fish 
on his plate. Harry glanced automatically at Rons 
neck and saw, as he had expected, the golden chain 
of the Horcrux glinting there. He managed to fight 
down the impulse to swear at Ron, whose attitude 
would, he knew, improve slightly when the time came 
to take off the locket. 

Your mother cant produce food out of thin air, said 
Hermione. No one can. Food is the first of the five 
Principal Exceptions to Gamps Law of Elemental 
Transfigur   



  329 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Oh, speak English, cant you? Ron said, prising a 
fish bone out from between his teeth. 

Its impossible to make good food out of nothing! You 
can Summon it if you know where it is, you can 
transform it, you can increase the quantity if youve 
already got some   

Well, dont bother increasing this, its disgusting, 
said Ron. 

Harry caught the fish and I did my best with it! I 
notice Im always the one who ends up sorting out the 
food, because Im a girl, I suppose! 

No, its because youre supposed to be the best at 
magic! shot back Ron. 

Hermione jumped up and bits of roast pike slid off 
her tin plate onto the floor. 

 You can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, you can find 
the ingredients and try and charm them into 
something worth eating, and Ill sit here and pull 
faces and moan and you can see how you   

Shut up! said Harry, leaping to his feet and holding 
up both hands. Shut up now\ 

Hermione looked outraged. 

How can you side with him, he hardly ever does the 
cook   

Hermione, be quiet, I can hear someone! 

He was listening hard, his hands still raised, warning 
them not to talk. Then, over the rush and gush of the 



  330 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




dark river beside them, he heard voices again. He 
looked around at the Sneakoscope. It was not moving. 

You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right? he 
whispered to Hermione. 

I did everything, she whispered back, Muffliato, 
MuggleRepelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of 
it. They shouldnt be able to hear or see us, whoever 
they are. 

Heavy scuffing and scraping noises, plus the sound of 
dislodged stones and twigs, told them that several 
people were clambering down the steep, wooded slope 
that descended to the narrow bank where they had 
pitched the tent. They drew their wands, waiting. The 
enchantments they had cast around themselves 
ought to be sufficient, in the near total darkness, to 
shield them from the notice of Muggles and normal 
witches and wizards. If these were Death Eaters, then 
perhaps their defenses were about to be tested by 
Dark Magic for the first time. 

The voices became louder but no more intelligible as 
the group of men reached the bank. Harry estimated 
that their owners were fewer than twenty feet away, 
but the cascading river made it impossible to tell for 
sure. Hermione snatched up the beaded bag and 
started to rummage; after a moment she drew out 
three Extendable Ears and threw one each to Harry 
and Ron, who hastily inserted the ends of the flesh 
colored strings into their ears and fed the other ends 
out of the tent entrance. 

Within seconds Harry heard a weary male voice. 

There ought to be a few salmon in here, or dyou 
reckon its too early in the season? Accio Salmon). 



  331 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There were several distinct splashes and then the 
slapping sounds of fish against flesh. Somebody 
grunted appreciatively. Harry pressed the Extendable 
Ear deeper into his own: Over the murmur of the river 
he could make out more voices, but they were not 
speaking English or any human language he had ever 
heard. It was a rough and unmelodious tongue, a 
string of rattling, guttural noises, and there seemed to 
be two speakers, one with a slightly lower, slower 
voice than the other. 

A fire danced into life on the other side of the canvas; 
large shadows passed between tent and flames. The 
delicious smell of baking salmon wafted tantalizingly 
in their direction. Then came the clinking of cutlery 
on plates, and the first man spoke again. 

Here, Griphook, Gornuk. 

Goblins\ Hermione mouthed at Harry, who nodded. 

Thank you, said the goblins together in English. 

So, you three have been on the run how long? asked 
a new, mellow, and pleasant voice; it was vaguely 
familiar to Harry, who pictured a roundbellied, 
cheerfulfaced man. 

Six weeks ... seven ... I forget, said the tired man. 
Met up with Griphook in the first couple of days and 
joined forces with Gornuk not long after. Nice to have 
a bit of company. There was a pause, while knives 
scraped plates and tin mugs were picked up and 
replaced on the ground. What made you leave, Ted? 
continued the man. 

Knew they were coming for me, replied mellow 
voiced Ted, and Harry suddenly knew who he was: 
Tonkss father. Heard Death Eaters were in the area 

  332 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




last week and decided Id better run for it. Refused to 
register as a Muggleborn on principle, see, so I knew 
it was a matter of time, knew Id have to leave in the 
end. My wife should be okay, shes pureblood. And 
then I met Dean here, what, a few days ago, son? 

Yeah, said another voice, and Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione stared at each other, silent but beside 
themselves with excitement, sure they recognized the 
voice of Dean Thomas, their fellow Gryffindor. 

Muggleborn, eh? asked the first man. 

Not sure, said Dean. My dad left my mum when I 
was a kid. Ive got no proof he was a wizard, though. 

There was silence for a while, except for the sounds of 
munching; then Ted spoke again. 

Ive got to say, Dirk, Im surprised to run into you. 
Pleased, but surprised. Word was youd been caught. 

I was, said Dirk. I was halfway to Azkaban when I 
made a break for it, Stunned Dawlish, and nicked his 
broom. It was easier than youd think; I dont reckon 
hes quite right at the moment. Might be Confunded. 

If so, Id like to shake the hand of the witch or wizard 
who did it, probably saved my life. 

There was another pause in which the fire crackled 
and the river rushed on. Then Ted said, And where 
do you two fit in? I, er, had the impression the goblins 
were for YouKnowWho, on the whole. 

You had a false impression, said the highervoiced 
of the goblins. We take no sides. This is a wizards 
war. 

How come youre in hiding, then? 

  333 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I deemed it prudent, said the deepervoiced goblin. 
Having refused what I considered an impertinent 
request, I could see that my personal safety was in 
jeopardy. 

What did they ask you to do? asked Ted. 

Duties illbefitting the dignity of my race, replied the 
goblin, his voice rougher and less human as he said 
it. I am not a houseelf. 

What about you, Griphook? 

Similar reasons, said the highervoiced goblin. 
Gringotts is no longer under the sole control of my 
race. I recognize no Wizarding master. 

He added something under his breath in 
Gobbledegook, and Gornuk laughed. 

Whats the joke? asked Dean. 

He said, replied Dirk, that there are things wizards 
dont recognize, either. 

There was a short pause. 

I dont get it, said Dean. 

I had my small revenge before I left, said Griphook 
in English. 

Good man  goblin, I should say, amended Ted 
hastily. Didnt manage to lock a Death Eater up in 
one of the old highsecurity vaults, I suppose? 

If I had, the sword would not have helped him break 
out, replied Griphook. Gornuk laughed again and 
even Dirk gave a dry chuckle. 

  334 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dean and I are still missing something here, said 
Ted. 



So is Severus Snape, though he does not know it, 
said Griphook, and the two goblins roared with 
malicious laughter. Inside the tent Harrys breathing 
was shallow with excitement: He and Hermione stared 
at each other, listening as hard as they could. 

Didnt you hear about that, Ted? asked Dirk. About 
the kids who tried to steal Gryffindors sword out of 
Snape s office at Hogwarts? 

An electric current seemed to course through Harry, 
jangling his every nerve as he stood rooted to the 
spot. 

Never heard a word, said Ted. Not in the Prophet, 
was it? 

Hardly, chortled Dirk. Griphook here told me, he 
heard about it from Bill Weasley who works for the 
bank. One of the kids who tried to take the sword was 
Bills younger sister. 

Harry glanced toward Hermione and Ron, both of 
whom were clutching the Extendable Ears as tightly 
as lifelines. 

She and a couple of friends got into Snape s office 
and smashed open the glass case where he was 
apparently keeping the sword. Snape caught them as 
they were trying to smuggle it down the staircase. 

Ah, God bless em, said Ted. What did they think, 
that theyd be able to use the sword on YouKnow 
Who? Or on Snape himself? 



  335 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Well, whatever they thought they were going to do 
with it, Snape decided the sword wasnt safe where it 
was, said Dirk. Couple of days later, once hed got 
the sayso from YouKnowWho, I imagine, he sent it 
down to London to be kept in Gringotts instead. 

The goblins started to laugh again. 

Im still not seeing the joke, said Ted. 

Its a fake, rasped Griphook. 

The sword of Gryffindor! 

Oh yes. It is a copy  an excellent copy, it is true  
but it was Wizardmade. The original was forged 
centuries ago by goblins and had certain properties 
only goblinmade armor possesses. Wherever the 
genuine sword of Gryffindor is, it is not in a vault at 
Gringotts bank. 

I see, said Ted. And I take it you didnt bother 
telling the Death Eaters this? 

I saw no reason to trouble them with the 
information, said Griphook smugly, and now Ted and 
Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirks laughter. 

Inside the tent, Harry closed his eyes, willing someone 
to ask the question he needed answered, and after a 
minute that seemed ten, Dean obliged; he was (Harry 
remembered with a jolt) an exboyfriend of Ginnys 
too. 

What happened to Ginny and the others? The ones 
who tried to steal it? 

Oh, they were punished, and cruelly, said Griphook 
indifferently. 

  336 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theyre okay, though? asked Ted quickly. I mean, 
the Weasleys dont need any more of their kids 
injured, do they? 

They suffered no serious injury, as far as I am 
aware, said Griphook. 

Lucky for them, said Ted. With Snapes track 
record I suppose we should just be glad theyre still 
alive. 

You believe that story, then, do you, Ted? asked 
Dirk. You believe Snape killed Dumbledore? 

 Course I do, said Ted. Youre not going to sit there 
and tell me you think Potter had anything to do with 
it? 



Hard to know what to believe these days, muttered 
Dirk. 

I know Harry Potter, said Dean. And I reckon hes 
the real thing  the Chosen One, or whatever you 
want to call it. 

Yeah, theres a lot would like to believe hes that, 
son, said Dirk, me included. But where is he? Run 
for it, by the looks of things. Youd think, if he knew 
anything we dont, or had anything special going for 
him, hed be out there now fighting, rallying 
resistance, instead of hiding. And you know, the 
Prophet made a pretty good case against him   

The Prophet? scoffed Ted. You deserve to be lied to 
if youre still reading that muck, Dirk. You want the 
facts, try the Quibbler. 

There was a sudden explosion of choking and 
retching, plus a good deal of thumping; by the sound 

  337 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




of it, Dirk had swallowed a fish bone. At last he 
spluttered, The Quibbler? That lunatic rag of Xeno 
Lovegoods? 

Its not so lunatic these days, said Ted. You want to 
give it a look. Xeno is printing all the stuff the 
Prophets ignoring, not a single mention of Crumple 
Horned Snorkacks in the last issue. How long theyll 
let him get away with it, mind, I dont know. But Xeno 
says, front  of every issue, that any wizard whos 
against YouKnowWho ought to make helping Harry 
Potter their numberone priority. 

Hard to help a boy whos vanished off the face of the 
earth, said Dirk. 

Listen, the fact that they havent caught him yets 
one hell of an achievement, said Ted. Id take tips 
from him gladly; its what were trying to do, stay free, 
isnt it? 

Yeah, well, youve got a point there, said Dirk 
heavily. With the whole of the Ministry and all their 
informers looking for him Id have expected him to be 
caught by now. Mind, whos to say they havent 
already caught and killed him without publicizing it? 

Ah, dont say that, Dirk, murmured Ted. 

There was a long pause filled with more clattering of 
knives and forks. When they spoke again it was to 
discuss whether they ought to sleep on the bank or 
retreat back up the wooded slope. Deciding the trees 
would give better cover, they extinguished their fire, 
then clambered back up the incline, their voices 
fading away. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in the Extendable 
Ears. Harry, who had found the need to remain silent 

  338 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




increasingly difficult the longer they eavesdropped, 
now found himself unable to say more than, Ginny 
 the sword   

I know! said Hermione. 

She lunged for the tiny beaded bag, this time sinking 
her arm in it right up to the armpit. 

Here ... we ... are ... she said between gritted teeth, 
and she pulled at something that was evidently in the 
depths of the bag. Slowly the edge of an ornate 
picture frame came into sight. Harry hurried to help 
her. As they lifted the empty portrait of Phineas 
Nigellus free of Hermiones bag, she kept her wand 
pointing at it, ready to cast a spell at any moment. 

If somebody swapped the real sword for the fake 
while it was in Dumbledores office, she panted, as 
they propped the painting against the side of the tent, 
Phineas Nigellus would have seen it happen, he 
hangs right beside the case! 

Unless he was asleep, said Harry, but he still held 
his breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the 
empty canvas, her wand directed at its center, cleared 
her throat, then said: 

Er  Phineas? Phineas Nigellus? 

Nothing happened. 

Phineas Nigellus? said Hermione again. Professor 
Black? Please could we talk to you? Please? 

 Please always helps, said a cold, snide voice, and 
Phineas Nigellus slid into his portrait. At once, 
Hermione cried: 



  339 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Obscuro\ 



A black blindfold appeared over Phineas Nigelluss 
clever, dark eyes, causing him to bump into the frame 
and shriek with pain. 

What  how dare  what are you  ? 

Im very sorry, Professor Black, said Hermione, but 
its a necessary precaution! 

Remove this foul addition at once! Remove it, I say! 
You are ruining a great work of art! Where am I? 

What is going on? 

Never mind where we are, said Harry, and Phineas 
Nigellus froze, abandoning his attempts to peel off the 
painted blindfold. 

Can that possibly be the voice of the elusive Mr. 
Potter? 

Maybe, said Harry, knowing that this would keep 
Phineas Nigelluss interest. Weve got a couple of 
questions to ask you  about the sword of 
Gryffindor. 

Ah, said Phineas Nigellus, now turning his head this 
way and that in an effort to catch sight of Harry, yes. 
That silly girl acted most unwisely there   

Shut up about my sister, said Ron roughly. Phineas 
Nigellus raised supercilious eyebrows. 

Who else is here? he asked, turning his head from 
side to side. Your tone displeases me! The girl and 
her friends were foolhardy in the extreme. Thieving 
from the headmaster! 



  340 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




They werent thieving, said Harry. That sword isnt 
Snapes. 

It belongs to Professor Snapes school, said Phineas 
Nigellus. Exactly what claim did the Weasley girl 
have upon it? She deserved her punishment, as did 
the idiot Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity! 

Neville is not an idiot and Luna is not an oddity! 
said Hermione. 

Where am I? repeated Phineas Nigellus, starting to 
wrestle with the blindfold again. Where have you 
brought me? Why have you removed me from the 
house of my forebears? 

Never mind that! How did Snape punish Ginny, 
Neville, and Luna? asked Harry urgently. 

Professor Snape sent them into the Forbidden Forest, 
to do some work for the oaf, Hagrid. 

Hagrids not an oaf! said Hermione shrilly. 

And Snape mightve thought that was a 
punishment, said Harry, but Ginny, Neville, and 
Luna probably had a good laugh with Hagrid. The 
Forbidden Forest ... theyve faced plenty worse than 
the Forbidden Forest, big deal! 

He felt relieved; he had been imagining horrors, the 
Cruciatus Curse at the very least. 

What we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is 
whether anyone else has, um, taken out the sword at 
all? Maybe its been taken away for cleaning or  or 
something? 



  341 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Phineas Nigellus paused again in his struggles to free 
his eyes and sniggered. 

 Muggleborns, he said. Goblinmade armor does not 
require cleaning, simple girl. Goblins silver repels 
mundane dirt, imbibing only that which strengthens 
it. 

Dont call Hermione simple, said Harry. 

I grow weary of contradiction, said Phineas Nigellus. 
Perhaps it is time for me to return to the 
headmasters office? 

Still blindfolded, he began groping the side of his 
frame, trying to feel his way out of his picture and 
back into the one at Hogwarts. Harry had a sudden 
inspiration. 

Dumbledore! Cant you bring us Dumbledore? 

I beg your pardon? asked Phineas Nigellus. 

Professor Dumbledores portrait  couldnt you bring 
him along, here, into yours? 

Phineas Nigellus turned his face in the direction of 
Harrys voice. 

Evidently it is not only Muggleborns who are 
ignorant, Potter. The portraits of Hogwarts may 
commune with each other, but they cannot travel 
outside the castle except to visit a painting of 
themselves hanging elsewhere. Dumbledore cannot 
come here with me, and after the treatment I have 
received at your hands, I can assure you that I shall 
not be making a return visit! 



  342 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Slightly crestfallen, Harry watched Phineas redouble 
his attempts to leave his frame. 

Professor Black, said Hermione, couldnt you just 
tell us, please, when was the last time the sword was 
taken out of its case? Before Ginny took it out, I 
mean? 

Phineas snorted impatiently. 

I believe that the last time I saw the sword of 
Gryffindor leave its case was when Professor 
Dumbledore used it to break open a ring. 

Hermione whipped around to look at Harry. Neither of 
them dared say more in front of Phineas Nigellus, who 
had at last managed to locate the exit. 

Well, good night to you, he said a little waspishly, 
and he began to move out of sight again. Only the 
edge of his hat brim remained in view when Harry 
gave a sudden shout. 

Wait! Have you told Snape you saw this? 

Phineas Nigellus stuck his blindfolded head back into 
the picture. 

Professor Snape has more important things on his 
mind than the many eccentricities of Albus 
Dumbledore. Goodbye, Potter! 

And with that, he vanished completely, leaving behind 
him nothing but his murky backdrop. 

Harry! Hermione cried. 

I know! Harry shouted. Unable to contain himself, 
he punched the air; it was more than he had dared to 

  343 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




hope for. He strode up and down the tent, feeling that 
he could have run a mile; he did not even feel hungry 
anymore. Hermione was squashing Phineas Nigelluss 
portrait back into the beaded bag; when she had 
fastened the clasp she threw the bag aside and raised 
a shining face to Harry. 

The sword can destroy Horcruxes! Goblinmade 
blades imbibe only that which strengthen them  
Harry, that swords impregnated with basilisk 
venom! 

And Dumbledore didnt give it to me because he still 
needed it, he wanted to use it on the locket   

  and he must have realized they wouldnt let you 
have it if he put it in his will   

  so he made a copy   

  and put a fake in the glass case   

  and he left the real one  where? 

They gazed at each other; Harry felt that the answer 
was dangling invisibly in the air above them, 
tantalizingly close. Why hadnt Dumbledore told him? 
Or had he, in fact, told Harry, but Harry had not 
realized it at the time? 

Think! whispered Hermione. Think! Where would 
he have left it? 

Not at Hogwarts, said Harry, resuming his pacing. 

Somewhere in Hogsmeade? suggested Hermione. 

The Shrieking Shack? said Harry. Nobody ever goes 
in there. 

  344 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But Snape knows how to get in, wouldnt that be a 
bit risky? 

Dumbledore trusted Snape, Harry reminded her. 

Not enough to tell him that he had swapped the 
swords, said Hermione. 

Yeah, youre right! said Harry, and he felt even more 
cheered at the thought that Dumbledore had had 
some reservations, however faint, about Snape s 
trustworthiness. So, would he have hidden the sword 
well away from Hogsmeade, then? What dyou reckon, 
Ron? Ron? 

Harry looked around. For one bewildered moment he 
thought that Ron had left the tent, then realized that 
Ron was lying in the shadow of a lower bunk, looking 
stony. 

Oh, remembered me, have you? he said. 

What? 

Ron snorted as he stared up at the underside of the 
upper bunk. 

You two carry on. Dont let me spoil your fun. 

Perplexed, Harry looked to Hermione for help, but she 
shook her head, apparently as nonplussed as he was. 

Whats the problem? asked Harry. 

Problem? Theres no problem, said Ron, still 
refusing to look at Harry. Not according to you, 
anyway. 



  345 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There were several plunks on the canvas over their 
heads. It had started to rain. 



Well, youve obviously got a problem, said Harry. 
Spit it out, will you? 

Ron swung his long legs off the bed and sat up. He 
looked mean, unlike himself. 

All right, Ill spit it out. Dont expect me to skip up 
and down the tent because theres some other damn 
thing weve got to find. Just add it to the list of stuff 
you dont know. 

I dont know? repeated Harry, I dont know? 

Plunk, plunk, plunk. The rain was falling harder and 
heavier; it pattered on the leafstrewn bank all around 
them and into the river chattering through the dark. 
Dread doused Harrys jubilation: Ron was saying 
exactly what he had suspected and feared him to be 
thinking. 

Its not like Im not having the time of my life here, 
said Ron, you know, with my arm mangled and 
nothing to eat and freezing my backside off every 
night. I just hoped, you know, after wed been 
running round a few weeks, wed have achieved 
something. 

Ron, Hermione said, but in such a quiet voice that 
Ron could pretend not to have heard it over the loud 
tattoo the rain was now beating on the tent. 

I thought you knew what youd signed up for, said 
Harry. 

Yeah, I thought I did too. 

  346 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




So what part of it isnt living up to your 
expectations? asked Harry. Anger was coming to his 
defense now. Did you think wed be staying in five 
star hotels? Finding a Horcrux every other day? Did 
you think youd be back to Mummy by Christmas? 

We thought you knew what you were doing! shouted 
Ron, standing up, and his words pierced Harry like 
scalding knives. We thought Dumbledore had told 
you what to do, we thought you had a real plan! 

Ron! said Hermione, this time clearly audible over 
the rain thundering on the tent roof, but again, he 
ignored her. 

Well, sorry to let you down, said Harry, his voice 
quite calm even though he felt hollow, inadequate. 

Ive been straight with you from the start, I told you 
everything Dumbledore told me. And in case you 
havent noticed, weve found one Horcrux   

Yeah, and were about as near getting rid of it as we 
are to finding the rest of them  nowhere effing near, 
in other words! 

Take off the locket, Ron, Hermione said, her voice 
unusually high. Please take it off. You wouldnt be 
talking like this if you hadnt been wearing it all day. 

Yeah, he would, said Harry, who did not want 
excuses made for Ron. Dyou think I havent noticed 
the two of you whispering behind my back? Dyou 
think I didnt guess you were thinking this stuff? 

Harry, we werent   

Dont lie! Ron hurled at her. You said it too, you 
said you were disappointed, you said youd thought 
he had a bit more to go on than   

  347 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I didnt say it like that  Harry, I didnt! she cried. 



The rain was pounding the tent, tears were pouring 
down Hermiones face, and the excitement of a few 
minutes before had vanished as if it had never been, a 
shortlived firework that had flared and died, leaving 
everything dark, wet, and cold. The sword of 
Gryffindor was hidden they knew not where, and they 
were three teenagers in a tent whose only 
achievement was not, yet, to be dead. 

So why are you still here? Harry asked Ron. 

Search me, said Ron. 

Go home then, said Harry. 

Yeah, maybe I will! shouted Ron, and he took 
several steps toward Harry, who did not back away. 
Didnt you hear what they said about my sister? But 
you dont give a rats fart, do you, its only the 
Forbidden Forest, Harry IveFacedWorse Potter 
doesnt care what happens to her in here  well, I do, 
all right, giant spiders and mental stuff   

I was only saying  she was with the others, they 
were with Hagrid   

Yeah, I get it, you dont care! And what about the 
rest of my family, the Weasleys dont need another 
kid injured, did you hear that? 

Yeah, I   

Not bothered what it meant, though? 

Ron! said Hermione, forcing her way between them. 
I dont think it means anything new has happened, 
anything we dont know about; think, Ron, Bills 

  348 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




already scarred, plenty of people must have seen that 
George has lost an ear by now, and youre supposed 
to be on your deathbed with spattergroit, Im sure 
thats all he meant   

Oh, youre sure, are you? Right then, well, I wont 
bother myself about them. Its all right for you two, 
isnt it, with your parents safely out of the way   

My parents are dead). Harry bellowed. 

And mine could be going the same way! yelled Ron. 

Then GO! roared Harry. Go back to them, pretend 
youve got over your spattergroit and Mummyll be 
able to feed you up and   

Ron made a sudden movement: Harry reacted, but 
before either wand was clear of its owners pocket, 
Hermione had raised her own. 

Protego\ she cried, and an invisible shield expanded 
between her and Harry on the one side and Ron on 
the other; all of them were forced backward a few 
steps by the strength of the spell, and Harry and Ron 
glared from either side of the transparent barrier as 
though they were seeing each other clearly for the 
first time. Harry felt a corrosive hatred toward Ron: 
Something had broken between them. 

Leave the Horcrux, Harry said. 

Ron wrenched the chain from over his head and cast 
the locket into a nearby chair. He turned to 
Hermione. 

What are you doing? 

What do you mean? 

  349 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Are you staying, or what? 

I ... She looked anguished. Yes  yes, Im staying. 
Ron, we said wed go with Harry, we said wed help   

I get it. You choose him. 

Ron, no  please  come back, come back! 

She was impeded by her own Shield Charm; by the 
time she had removed it he had already stormed into 
the night. Harry stood quite still and silent, listening 
to her sobbing and calling Rons name amongst the 
trees. 

After a few minutes she returned, her sopping hair 
plastered to her face. 

Hes gggone! Disapparated! 

She threw herself into a chair, curled up, and started 
to cry. 

Harry felt dazed. He stooped, picked up the Horcrux, 
and placed it around his own neck. He dragged 
blankets off Rons bunk and threw them over 
Hermione. Then he climbed onto his own bed and 
stared up at the dark canvas roof, listening to the 
pounding of the rain. 



  350 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






GODRICS HOLLOW 

When Harry woke the following day it was several 
seconds before he remembered what had happened. 
Then he hoped, childishly, that it had been a dream, 
that Ron was still there and had never left. Yet by 
turning his head on his pillow he could see Rons 
deserted bunk. It was like a dead body in the way it 
seemed to draw his eyes. Harry jumped down from 
his own bed, keeping his eyes averted from Rons. 
Hermione, who was already busy in the kitchen, did 
not wish Harry good morning, but turned her face 
away quickly as he went by. 

Hes gone, Harry told himself. Hes gone. He had to 
keep thinking it as he washed and dressed, as though 
repetition would dull the shock of it. Hes gone and 
hes not coming back. And that was the simple truth 
of it, Harry knew, because their protective 
enchantments meant that it would be impossible, 
once they vacated this spot, for Ron to find them 
again. 



  351 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



He and Hermione ate breakfast in silence. Hermione s 
eyes were puffy and red; she looked as if she had not 
slept. They packed up their things, Hermione 
dawdling. Harry knew why she wanted to spin out 
their time on the riverbank; several times he saw her 
look up eagerly, and he was sure she had deluded 
herself into thinking that she heard footsteps through 
the heavy rain, but no redhaired figure appeared 
between the trees. Every time Harry imitated her, 
looked around (for he could not help hoping a little, 
himself) and saw nothing but rainswept woods, 
another little parcel of fury exploded inside him. He 
could hear Ron saying,  We thought you knew what 
you were doing \ , and he resumed packing with a 
hard knot in the pit of his stomach. 

The muddy river beside them was rising rapidly and 
would soon spill over onto their bank. They had 
lingered a good hour after they would usually have 
departed their campsite. Finally having entirely 
repacked the beaded bag three times, Hermione 
seemed unable to find any more reasons to delay: She 
and Harry grasped hands and Disapparated, 
reappearing on a windswept heathercovered hillside. 

The instant they arrived, Hermione dropped Harrys 
hand and walked away from him, finally sitting down 
on a large rock, her face on her knees, shaking with 
what he knew were sobs. He watched her, supposing 
that he ought to go and comfort her, but something 
kept him rooted to the spot. Everything inside him felt 
cold and tight: Again he saw the contemptuous 
expression on Rons face. Harry strode off through the 
heather, walking in a large circle with the distraught 
Hermione at its center, casting the spells she usually 
performed to ensure their protection. 

They did not discuss Ron at all over the next few 
days. Harry was determined never to mention his 

  352 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




name again, and Hermione seemed to know that it 
was no use forcing the issue, although sometimes at 
night when she thought he was sleeping, he would 
hear her crying. Meanwhile Harry had started 
bringing out the Marauders Map and examining it by 
wandlight. He was waiting for the moment when 
Rons labeled dot would reappear in the corridors of 
Hogwarts, proving that he had returned to the 
comfortable castle, protected by his status of 
pureblood. However, Ron did not appear on the map, 
and after a while Harry found himself taking it out 
simply to stare at Ginnys name in the girls 
dormitory, wondering whether the intensity with 
which he gazed at it might break into her sleep, that 
she would somehow know he was thinking about her, 
hoping that she was all right. 

By day, they devoted themselves to trying to 
determine the possible locations of Gryffindors 
sword, but the more they talked about the places in 
which Dumbledore might have hidden it, the more 
desperate and farfetched their speculation became. 
Cudgel his brains though he might, Harry could not 
remember Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in 
which he might hide something. There were moments 
when he did not know whether he was angrier with 
Ron or with Dumbledore. We thought you knew what 
you were doing. . . . We thought Dumbledore had told 
you what to do. . . . We thought you had a real plan\ 

He could not hide it from himself: Ron had been right. 
Dumbledore had left him with virtually nothing. They 
had discovered one Horcrux, but they had no means 
of destroying it: The others were as unattainable as 
they had ever been. Hopelessness threatened to 
engulf him. He was staggered now to think of his own 
presumption in accepting his friends offers to 
accompany him on this meandering, pointless 
journey. He knew nothing, he had no ideas, and he 
  353 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




was constantly, painfully on the alert for any 
indication that Hermione too was about to tell him 
that she had had enough, that she was leaving. 

They were spending many evenings in near silence, 
and Hermione took to bringing out Phineas Nigelluss 
portrait and propping it up in a chair, as though he 
might fill part of the gaping hole left by Rons 
departure. Despite his previous assertion that he 
would never visit them again, Phineas Nigellus did not 
seem able to resist the chance to find out more about 
what Harry was up to, and consented to reappear, 
blindfolded, every few days or so. Harry was even glad 
to see him, because he was company, albeit of a snide 
and taunting kind. They relished any news about 
what was happening at Hogwarts, though Phineas 
Nigellus was not an ideal informer. He venerated 
Snape, the first Slytherin headmaster since he 
himself had controlled the school, and they had to be 
careful not to criticize or ask impertinent questions 
about Snape, or Phineas Nigellus would instantly 
leave his painting. 

However, he did let drop certain snippets. Snape 
seemed to be facing a constant, low level of mutiny 
from a hard core of students. Ginny had been banned 
from going into Hogsmeade. Snape had reinstated 
Umbridges old decree forbidding gatherings of three 
or more students or any unofficial student societies. 

From all of these things, Harry deduced that Ginny, 
and probably Neville and Luna along with her, had 
been doing their best to continue Dumbledores Army. 
This scant news made Harry want to see Ginny so 
badly it felt like a stomachache; but it also made him 
think of Ron again, and of Dumbledore, and of 
Hogwarts itself, which he missed nearly as much as 
his exgirlfriend. Indeed, as Phineas Nigellus talked 
about Snape s crackdown, Harry experienced a split 
  354 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




second of madness when he imagined simply going 
back to school to join the destabilization of Snapes 
regime: Being fed, and having a soft bed, and other 
people being in charge, seemed the most wonderful 
prospect in the world at that moment. But then he 
remembered that he was Undesirable Number One, 
that there was a tenthousandGalleon price on his 
head, and that to walk into Hogwarts these days was 
just as dangerous as walking into the Ministry of 
Magic. Indeed, Phineas Nigellus inadvertently 
emphasized this fact by slipping in leading questions 
about Harry and Hermiones whereabouts. Hermione 
shoved him back inside the beaded bag every time he 
did this, and Phineas Nigellus invariably refused to 
reappear for several days after these unceremonious 
goodbyes. 

The weather grew colder and colder. They did not 
dare remain in any one area too long, so rather than 
staying in the south of England, where a hard ground 
frost was the worst of their worries, they continued to 
meander up and down the country, braving a 
mountainside, where sleet pounded the tent; a wide, 
flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill 
water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish 
loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night. 

They had already spotted Christmas trees twinkling 
from several sitting room windows before there came 
an evening when Harry resolved to suggest, again, 
what seemed to him the only unexplored avenue left 
to them. They had just eaten an unusually good meal: 
Hermione had been to a supermarket under the 
Invisibility Cloak (scrupulously dropping the money 
into an open till as she left), and Harry thought that 
she might be more persuadable than usual on a 
stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears. 
He had also had the foresight to suggest that they 
take a few hours break from wearing the Horcrux, 
  355 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




which was hanging over the end of the bunk beside 
him. 



Hermione? 

Hmm? She was curled up in one of the sagging 
armchairs with The Tales of Beedle the Bard. He could 
not imagine how much more she could get out of the 
book, which was not, after all, very long; but evidently 
she was still deciphering something in it, because 
Spellmans Syllabary lay open on the arm of the chair. 

Harry cleared his throat. He felt exactly as he had 
done on the occasion, several years previously, when 
he had asked Professor McGonagall whether he could 
go into Hogsmeade, despite the fact that he had not 
persuaded the Dursleys to sign his permission slip. 

Hermione, Ive been thinking, and   

Harry, could you help me with something? 

Apparently she had not been listening to him. She 
leaned forward and held out The Tales of Beedle the 
Bard. 

Look at that symbol, she said, pointing to the top of 
a . Above what Harry assumed was the title of 
the story (being unable to read runes, he could not be 
sure) , there was a picture of what looked like a 
triangular eye, its pupil crossed with a vertical line. 

I never took Ancient Runes, Hermione. 

I know that, but it isnt a rune and its not in the 
syllabary, either. All along I thought it was a picture 
of an eye, but I dont think it is! Its been inked in, 
look, somebodys drawn it there, it isnt really part of 
the book. Think, have you ever seen it before? 

  356 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No ... No, wait a moment. Harry looked closer. Isnt 
it the same symbol Lunas dad was wearing round his 
neck? 



Well, thats what I thought too! 

Then its Grindelwalds mark. 

She stared at him, openmouthed. 

What? 

Krum told me ... 

He recounted the story that Viktor Krum had told him 
at the wedding. Hermione looked astonished. 

 Grindelwalds mark? 

She looked from Harry to the weird symbol and back 
again. Ive never heard that Grindelwald had a mark. 
Theres no mention of it in anything Ive ever read 
about him. 

Well, like I say, Krum reckoned that symbol was 
carved on a wall at Durmstrang, and Grindelwald put 
it there. 

She fell back into the old armchair, frowning. 

Thats very odd. If its a symbol of Dark Magic, whats 
it doing in a book of childrens stories? 

Yeah, it is weird, said Harry. And youd think 
Scrimgeour would have recognized it. He was 
Minister, he ought to have been expert on Dark stuff. 



  357 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I know. ... Perhaps he thought it was an eye, just like 
I did. All the other stories have little pictures over the 
titles. 



She did not speak, but continued to pore over the 
strange mark. Harry tried again. 

Hermione? 

Hmm? 

Ive been thinking. I  I want to go to Godrics 
Hollow. 

She looked up at him, but her eyes were unfocused, 
and he was sure she was still thinking about the 
mysterious mark on the book. 

Yes, she said. Yes, Ive been wondering that too. I 
really think well have to. 

Did you hear me right? he asked. 

Of course I did. You want to go to Godrics Hollow. I 
agree, I think we should. I mean, I cant think of 
anywhere else it could be either. Itll be dangerous, 
but the more I think about it, the more likely it seems 
its there. 

Er  whats there? asked Harry. 

At that, she looked just as bewildered as he felt. 

Well, the sword, Harry! Dumbledore must have 
known youd want to go back there, and I mean, 
Godrics Hollow is Godric Gryffindors birthplace   

Really? Gryffindor came from Godrics Hollow? 

  358 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic? 



Erm, he said, smiling for what felt like the first time 
in months: The muscles in his face felt oddly stiff. I 
mightve opened it, you know, when I bought it ... just 
the once. ... 

Well, as the village is named after him Id have 
thought you might have made the connection, said 
Hermione. She sounded much more like her old self 
than she had done of late; Harry half expected her to 
announce that she was off to the library. Theres a 
bit about the village in A History of Magic, wait ... 

She opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a 
while, finally extracting her copy of their old school 
textbook, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, 
which she thumbed through until finding the  
she wanted. 

 Upon the signature of the International Statute of 
Secrecy in 1689, wizards went into hiding for good. It 
was natural, perhaps, that they formed their own 
small communities within a community. Many small 
villages and hamlets attracted several magical 
families, who banded together for mutual support and 
protection. The villages of Tinworth in Cornwall, Upper 
Flagley in Yorkshire, and Ottery St. Catchpole on the 
south coast of England were notable homes to knots of 
Wizarding families who lived alongside tolerant and 
sometimes Confunded Muggles. Most celebrated of 
these halfmagical dwelling places is, perhaps, 

Godrics Hollow, the West Country village where the 
great wizard Godric Gryffindor was born, and where 
Bowman Wright, Wizarding smith, forged the first 
Golden Snitch. The graveyard is full of the names of 
ancient magical families, and this accounts, no doubt, 
for the stories of hauntings that have dogged the little 
church beside it for many centuries. 

  359 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You and your parents arent mentioned, Hermione 
said, closing the book, because Professor Bagshot 
doesnt cover anything later than the end of the 
nineteenth century. But you see? Godrics Hollow, 
Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindors sword; dont you think 
Dumbledore would have expected you to make the 
connection? 

Oh yeah ... 

Harry did not want to admit that he had not been 
thinking about the sword at all when he suggested 
they go to Godrics Hollow. For him, the lure of the 
village lay in his parents graves, the house where he 
had narrowly escaped death, and in the person of 
Bathilda Bagshot. 

Remember what Muriel said? he asked eventually. 
Who? 

You know, he hesitated: He did not want to say 
Rons name. Ginnys greataunt. At the wedding. The 
one who said you had skinny ankles. 

Oh, said Hermione. It was a sticky moment: Harry 
knew that she had sensed Rons name in the offing. 
He rushed on: 

She said Bathilda Bagshot still lives in Godrics 
Hollow. 

Bathilda Bagshot, murmured Hermione, running 
her index finger over Bathildas embossed name on 
the front cover of A History of Magic. Well, I suppose 



She gasped so dramatically that Harrys insides 
turned over; he drew his wand, looking around at the 

  360 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




entrance, half expecting to see a hand forcing its way 
through the entrance flap, but there was nothing 
there. 

What? he said, half angry, half relieved. What did 
you do that for? I thought youd seen a Death Eater 
unzipping the tent, at least   

Harry, what if Bathilda s got the sword? What if 
Dumbledore entrusted it to her? 

Harry considered this possibility. Bathilda would be 
an extremely old woman by now, and according to 
Muriel, she was gaga. Was it likely that Dumbledore 
would have hidden the sword of Gryffindor with her? 

If so, Harry felt that Dumbledore had left a great deal 
to chance: Dumbledore had never revealed that he 
had replaced the sword with a fake, nor had he so 
much as mentioned a friendship with Bathilda. Now, 
however, was not the moment to cast doubt on 
Hermiones theory, not when she was so surprisingly 
willing to fall in with Harrys dearest wish. 

Yeah, he might have done! So, are we going to go to 
Godrics Hollow? 

Yes, but well have to think it through carefully, 
Harry. She was sitting up now, and Harry could tell 
that the prospect of having a plan again had lifted her 
mood as much as his. Well need to practice 
Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for 
a start, and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would 
be sensible too, unless you think we should go the 
whole hog and use Polyjuice Potion? In that case well 
need to collect hair from somebody. I actually think 
wed better do that, Harry, the thicker our disguises 
the better. ... 



  361 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry let her talk, nodding and agreeing whenever 
there was a pause, but his mind had left the 
conversation. For the first time since he had 
discovered that the sword in Gringotts was a fake, he 
felt excited. 

He was about to go home, about to return to the place 
where he had had a family. It was in Godrics Hollow 
that, but for Voldemort, he would have grown up and 
spent every school holiday. He could have invited 
friends to his house. ... He might even have had 
brothers and sisters. ... It would have been his 
mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. 
The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to 
him as at this moment, when he knew he was about 
to see the place where it had been taken from him. 
After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry 
quietly extracted his rucksack from Hermione s 
beaded bag, and from inside it, the photograph album 
Hagrid had given him so long ago. For the first time in 
months, he perused the old pictures of his parents, 
smiling and waving up at him from the images, which 
were all he had left of them now. 

Harry would gladly have set out for Godrics Hollow 
the following day, but Hermione had other ideas. 
Convinced as she was that Voldemort would expect 
Harry to return to the scene of his parents deaths, 
she was determined that they would set off only after 
they had ensured that they had the best disguises 
possible. It was therefore a full week later  once 
they had surreptitiously obtained hairs from innocent 
Muggles who were Christmas shopping, and had 
practiced Apparating and Disapparating while 
underneath the Invisibility Cloak together  that 
Hermione agreed to make the journey. 

They were to Apparate to the village under cover of 
darkness, so it was late afternoon when they finally 

  362 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




swallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry transforming into a 
balding, middleaged Muggle man, Hermione into his 
small and rather mousy wife. The beaded bag 
containing all of their possessions (apart from the 
Horcrux, which Harry was wearing around his neck) 
was tucked into an inside pocket of Hermione s 
buttonedup coat. Harry lowered the Invisibility Cloak 
over them, then they turned into the suffocating 
darkness once again. 

Heart beating in his throat, Harry opened his eyes. 
They were standing hand in hand in a snowy lane 
under a dark blue sky, in which the nights first stars 
were already glimmering feebly. Cottages stood on 
either side of the narrow road, Christmas decorations 
twinkling in their windows. A short way ahead of 
them, a glow of golden streetlights indicated the 
center of the village. 

All this snow! Hermione whispered beneath the 
cloak. Why didnt we think of snow? After all our 
precautions, well leave prints! Well just have to get 
rid of them  you go in front, Ill do it   

Harry did not want to enter the village like a 
pantomime horse, trying to keep themselves 
concealed while magically covering their traces. 

Lets take off the Cloak, said Harry, and when she 
looked frightened, Oh, come on, we dont look like us 
and theres no one around. 

He stowed the Cloak under his jacket and they made 
their way forward unhampered, the icy air stinging 
their faces as they passed more cottages: Any one of 
them might have been the one in which James and 
Lily had once lived or where Bathilda lived now. Harry 
gazed at the front doors, their snowburdened roofs, 
and their front porches, wondering whether he 
  363 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




remembered any of them, knowing deep inside that it 
was impossible, that he had been little more than a 
year old when he had left this place forever. He was 
not even sure whether he would be able to see the 
cottage at all; he did not know what happened when 
the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. Then the little 
lane along which they were walking curved to the left 
and the heart of the village, a small square, was 
revealed to them. 

Strung all around with colored lights, there was what 
looked like a war memorial in the middle, partly 
obscured by a windblown Christmas tree. There were 
several shops, a post office, a pub, and a little church 
whose stainedglass windows were glowing jewel 
bright across the square. 

The snow here had become impacted: It was hard and 
slippery where people had trodden on it all day. 
Villagers were crisscrossing in front of them, their 
figures briefly illuminated by streetlamps. They heard 
a snatch of laughter and pop music as the pub door 
opened and closed; then they heard a carol start up 
inside the little church. 

Harry, I think its Christmas Eve! said Hermione. 

Is it? 

He had lost track of the date; they had not seen a 
newspaper for weeks. 

Im sure it is, said Hermione, her eyes upon the 
church. They ... theyll be in there, wont they? Your 
mum and dad? I can see the graveyard behind it. 

Harry felt a thrill of something that was beyond 
excitement, more like fear. Now that he was so near, 
he wondered whether he wanted to see after all. 

  364 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Perhaps Hermione knew how he was feeling, because 
she reached for his hand and took the lead for the 
first time, pulling him forward. Halfway across the 
square, however, she stopped dead. 

Harry, look! 

She was pointing at the war memorial. As they had 
passed it, it had transformed. Instead of an obelisk 
covered in names, there was a statue of three people: 
a man with untidy hair and glasses, a woman with 
long hair and a kind, pretty face, and a baby boy 
sitting in his mothers arms. Snow lay upon all their 
heads, like fluffy white caps. 

Harry drew closer, gazing up into his parents faces. 
He had never imagined that there would be a statue. 

. . . How strange it was to see himself represented in 
stone, a happy baby without a scar on his forehead. 



Cmon, said Harry, when he had looked his fill, and 
they turned again toward the church. As they crossed 
the road, he glanced over his shoulder; the statue had 
turned back into the war memorial. 

The singing grew louder as they approached the 
church. It made Harrys throat constrict, it reminded 
him so forcefully of Hogwarts, of Peeves bellowing 
rude versions of carols from inside suits of armor, of 
the Great Halls twelve Christmas trees, of 
Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a 
cracker, of Ron in a handknitted sweater. . . . 

There was a kissing gate at the entrance to the 
graveyard. Hermione pushed it open as quietly as 
possible and they edged through it. On either side of 
the slippery path to the church doors, the snow lay 
deep and untouched. They moved off through the 
  365 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




snow, carving deep trenches behind them as they 
walked around the building, keeping to the shadows 
beneath the brilliant windows. 

Behind the church, row upon row of snowy 
tombstones protruded from a blanket of pale blue 
that was flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green 
wherever the reflections from the stained glass hit the 
snow. Keeping his hand closed tightly on the wand in 
his jacket pocket, Harry moved toward the nearest 
grave. 

Look at this, its an Abbott, could be some longlost 
relation of Hannahs! 

Keep your voice down, Hermione begged him. 

They waded deeper and deeper into the graveyard, 
gouging dark tracks into the snow behind them, 
stooping to peer at the words on old headstones, 
every now and then squinting into the surrounding 
darkness to make absolutely sure that they were 
unaccompanied . 

Harry, here! 

Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; he had 
to wade back to her, his heart positively banging in 
his chest. 

Is it  ? 



No, but look! 

She pointed to the dark stone. Harry stooped down 
and saw, upon the frozen, lichenspotted granite, the 
words KENDRA DUMBLEDORE and, a short way 
below her dates of birth and death, AND HER 
DAUGHTER ARIANA. There was also a quotation: 
  366 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. 



So Rita Skeeter and Muriel had got some of their facts 
right. The Dumbledore family had indeed lived here, 
and part of it had died here. 

Seeing the grave was worse than hearing about it. 
Harry could not help thinking that he and 
Dumbledore both had deep roots in this graveyard, 
and that Dumbledore ought to have told him so, yet 
he had never thought to share the connection. They 
could have visited the place together; for a moment 
Harry imagined coming here with Dumbledore, of 
what a bond that would have been, of how much it 
would have meant to him. But it seemed that to 
Dumbledore, the fact that their families lay side by 
side in the same graveyard had been an unimportant 
coincidence, irrelevant, perhaps, to the job he wanted 
Harry to do. 

Hermione was looking at Harry, and he was glad that 
his face was hidden in shadow. He read the words on 
the tombstone again. Where your treasure is, there 
will your heart be also. He did not understand what 
these words meant. Surely Dumbledore had chosen 
them, as the eldest member of the family once his 
mother had died. 

Are you sure he never mentioned  ? Hermione 
began. 

No, said Harry curtly, then, lets keep looking, and 
he turned away, wishing he had not seen the stone: 

He did not want his excited trepidation tainted with 
resentment. 

Here! cried Hermione again a few moments later 
from out of the darkness. Oh no, sorry! I thought it 
said Potter. 

  367 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She was rubbing at a crumbling, mossy stone, gazing 
down at it, a little frown on her face. 



Harry, come back a moment. 

He did not want to be sidetracked again, and only 
grudgingly made his way back through the snow 
toward her. 

What? 

Look at this! 

The grave was extremely old, weathered so that Harry 
could hardly make out the name. Hermione showed 
him the symbol beneath it. 

Harry, thats the mark in the book! 

He peered at the place she indicated: The stone was 
so worn that it was hard to make out what was 
engraved there, though there did seem to be a 
triangular mark beneath the nearly illegible name. 

Yeah ... it could be. ... 

Hermione lit her wand and pointed it at the name on 
the headstone. 

It says Ig  Ignotus, I think. ... 

Im going to keep looking for my parents, all right? 
Harry told her, a slight edge to his voice, and he set 
off again, leaving her crouched beside the old grave. 

Every now and then he recognized a surname that, 
like Abbott, he had met at Hogwarts. Sometimes there 
were several generations of the same Wizarding family 
represented in the graveyard: Harry could tell from 

  368 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the dates that it had either died out, or the current 
members had moved away from Godrics Hollow. 
Deeper and deeper amongst the graves he went, and 
every time he reached a new headstone he felt a little 
lurch of apprehension and anticipation. 

The darkness and the silence seemed to become, all of 
a sudden, much deeper. Harry looked around, 
worried, thinking of dementors, then realized that the 
carols had finished, that the chatter and flurry of 
churchgoers were fading away as they made their way 
back into the square. Somebody inside the church 
had just turned off the lights. 

Then Hermiones voice came out of the blackness for 
the third time, sharp and clear from a few yards 
away. 

Harry, theyre here ... right here. 

And he knew by her tone that it was his mother and 
father this time: He moved toward her, feeling as if 
something heavy were pressing on his chest, the 
same sensation he had had right after Dumbledore 
had died, a grief that had actually weighed on his 
heart and lungs. 

The headstone was only two rows behind Kendra and 
Arianas. It was made of white marble, just like 
Dumbledores tomb, and this made it easy to read, as 
it seemed to shine in the dark. Harry did not need to 
kneel or even approach very close to it to make out 
the words engraved upon it. 

JAMES POTTER 
BORN 27 MARCH 1960 

LILY POTTER 

BORN 30 JANUARY 1960 

  369 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981 



The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death. 

Harry read the words slowly, as though he would 
have only one chance to take in their meaning, and 
he read the last of them aloud. 

 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death... 

A horrible thought came to him, and with it a kind of 
panic. Isnt that a Death Eater idea? Why is that 
there? 

It doesnt mean defeating death in the way the Death 
Eaters mean it, Harry, said Hermione, her voice 
gentle. It means ... you know ... living beyond death. 
Living after death. 

But they were not living, thought Harry: They were 
gone. The empty words could not disguise the fact 
that his parents moldering remains lay beneath snow 
and stone, indifferent, unknowing. And tears came 
before he could stop them, boiling hot then instantly 
freezing on his face, and what was the point in wiping 
them off or pretending? He let them fall, his lips 
pressed hard together, looking down at the thick 
snow hiding from his eyes the place where the last of 
Lily and James lay, bones now, surely, or dust, not 
knowing or caring that their living son stood so near, 
his heart still beating, alive because of their sacrifice 
and close to wishing, at this moment, that he was 
sleeping under the snow with them. 

Hermione had taken his hand again and was gripping 
it tightly. He could not look at her, but returned the 
pressure, now taking deep, sharp gulps of the night 
air, trying to steady himself, trying to regain control. 
He should have brought something to give them, and 
he had not thought of it, and every plant in the 
  370 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




graveyard was leafless and frozen. But Hermione 
raised her wand, moved it in a circle through the air, 
and a wreath of Christmas roses blossomed before 
them. Harry caught it and laid it on his parents 
grave. 

As soon as he stood up he wanted to leave: He did not 
think he could stand another moment there. He put 
his arm around Hermiones shoulders, and she put 
hers around his waist, and they turned in silence and 
walked away through the snow, past Dumbledores 
mother and sister, back toward the dark church and 
the outofsight kissing gate. 



  371 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






BATHILDAS SECRET 

Harry, stop. 

Whats wrong? 

They had only just reached the grave of the unknown 
Abbott. 

Theres someone there. Someone watching us. I can 
tell. There, over by the bushes. 

They stood quite still, holding on to each other, gazing 
at the dense black boundary of the graveyard. Harry 
could not see anything. 

Are you sure? 

I saw something move, I could have sworn I did. ... 
She broke from him to free her wand arm. 

We look like Muggles, Harry pointed out. 



  372 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Muggles who ve just been laying flowers on your 
parents grave! Harry, Im sure theres someone over 
there! 



Harry thought of A History of Magic ; the graveyard 
was supposed to be haunted: what if  ? But then he 
heard a rustle and saw a little eddy of dislodged snow 
in the bush to which Hermione had pointed. Ghosts 
could not move snow. 

Its a cat, said Harry, after a second or two, or a 
bird. If it was a Death Eater wed be dead by now. But 
lets get out of here, and we can put the Cloak back 
on. 

They glanced back repeatedly as they made their way 
out of the graveyard. Harry, who did not feel as 
sanguine as he had pretended when reassuring 
Hermione, was glad to reach the gate and the slippery 
pavement. They pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over 
themselves. The pub was fuller than before: Many 
voices inside it were now singing the carol that they 
had heard as they approached the church. For a 
moment Harry considered suggesting they take refuge 
inside it, but before he could say anything Hermione 
murmured, Lets go this way, and pulled him down 
the dark street leading out of the village in the 
opposite direction from which they had entered. Harry 
could make out the point where the cottages ended 
and the lane turned into open country again. They 
walked as quickly as they dared, past more windows 
sparkling with multicolored lights, the outlines of 
Christmas trees dark through the curtains. 

How are we going to find Bathildas house? asked 
Hermione, who was shivering a little and kept 
glancing back over her shoulder. Harry? What do you 
think? Harry? 

  373 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She tugged at his arm, but Harry was not paying 
attention. He was looking toward the dark mass that 
stood at the very end of this row of houses. Next 
moment he had sped up, dragging Hermione along 
with him; she slipped a little on the ice. 

Harry   

Look. ... Look at it, Hermione. ... 

I dont ... oh! 

He could see it; the Fidelius Charm must have died 
with James and Lily. The hedge had grown wild in the 
sixteen years since Hagrid had taken Harry from the 
rubble that lay scattered amongst the waisthigh 
grass. Most of the cottage was still standing, though 
entirely covered in dark ivy and snow, but the right 
side of the top floor had been blown apart; that, Harry 
was sure, was where the curse had backfired. He and 
Hermione stood at the gate, gazing up at the wreck of 
what must once have been a cottage just like those 
that flanked it. 

I wonder why nobodys ever rebuilt it? whispered 
Hermione. 

Maybe you cant rebuild it? Harry replied. Maybe 
its like the injuries from Dark Magic and you cant 
repair the damage? 

He slipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and 
grasped the snowy and thickly rusted gate, not 
wishing to open it, but simply to hold some part of the 
house. 

Youre not going to go inside? It looks unsafe, it 
might  oh, Harry, look! 



  374 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




His touch on the gate seemed to have done it. A sign 
had risen out of the ground in front of them, up 
through the tangles of nettles and weeds, like some 
bizarre, fastgrowing flower, and in golden letters 
upon the wood it said: 



On this spot, on the night of 31 October 1 981, Lily and 
James Potter lost their lives. Their son, Harry, remains 
the only wizard ever to have survived the Killing Curse. 
This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left in its 
ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a 
reminder of the violence that tore apart their family. 

And all around these neatly lettered words, scribbles 
had been added by other witches and wizards who 
had come to see the place where the Boy Who Lived 
had escaped. Some had merely signed their names in 
Everlasting Ink; others had carved their initials into 
the wood, still others had left messages. The most 
recent of these, shining brightly over sixteen years 
worth of magical graffiti, all said similar things. 

Good luck, Harry, wherever you are. 

If you read this, Harry, were all behind you! 

Long live Harry Potter. 

They shouldnt have written on the sign! said 
Hermione, indignant. 

But Harry beamed at her. 

Its brilliant. Im glad they did. I ... 

He broke off. A heavily muffled figure was hobbling up 
the lane toward them, silhouetted by the bright lights 

  375 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




in the distant square. Harry thought, though it was 
hard to judge, that the figure was a woman. She was 
moving slowly, possibly frightened of slipping on the 
snowy ground. Her stoop, her stoutness, her shuffling 
gait all gave an impression of extreme age. They 
watched in silence as she drew nearer. Harry was 
waiting to see whether she would turn into any of the 
cottages she was passing, but he knew instinctively 
that she would not. At last she came to a halt a few 
yards from them and simply stood there in the middle 
of the frozen road, facing them. 

He did not need Hermiones pinch to his arm. There 
was next to no chance that this woman was a Muggle: 
She was standing there gazing at a house that ought 
to have been completely invisible to her, if she was 
not a witch. Even assuming that she was a witch, 
however, it was odd behavior to come out on a night 
this cold, simply to look at an old ruin. By all the 
rules of normal magic, meanwhile, she ought not to 
be able to see Hermione and him at all. Nevertheless, 
Harry had the strangest feeling that she knew that 
they were there, and also who they were. Just as he 
had reached this uneasy conclusion, she raised a 
gloved hand and beckoned. 

Hermione moved closer to him under the Cloak, her 
arm pressed against his. 

How does she know? 

He shook his head. The woman beckoned again, more 
vigorously. Harry could think of many reasons not to 
obey the summons, and yet his suspicions about her 
identity were growing stronger every moment that 
they stood facing each other in the deserted street. 

Was it possible that she had been waiting for them all 
these long months? That Dumbledore had told her to 

  376 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




wait, and that Harry would come in the end? Was it 
not likely that it was she who had moved in the 
shadows in the graveyard and had followed them to 
this spot? Even her ability to sense them suggested 
some Dumbledoreish power that he had never 
encountered before. 

Finally Harry spoke, causing Hermione to gasp and 
jump. 

Are you Bathilda? 

The muffled figure nodded and beckoned again. 

Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at 
each other. Harry raised his eyebrows; Hermione gave 
a tiny, nervous nod. 

They stepped toward the woman and, at once, she 
turned and hobbled off back the way they had come. 
Leading them past several houses, she turned in at a 
gate. They followed her up the front path through a 
garden nearly as overgrown as the one they had just 
left. She fumbled for a moment with a key at the front 
door, then opened it and stepped back to let them 
pass. 

She smelled bad, or perhaps it was her house: Harry 
wrinkled his nose as they sidled past her and pulled 
off the Cloak. Now that he was beside her, he realized 
how tiny she was; bowed down with age, she came 
barely level with his chest. She closed the door behind 
them, her knuckles blue and mottled against the 
peeling paint, then turned and peered into Harrys 
face. Her eyes were thick with cataracts and sunken 
into folds of transparent skin, and her whole face was 
dotted with broken veins and liver spots. He 
wondered whether she could make him out at all; 



  377 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




even if she could, it was the balding Muggle whose 
identity he had stolen that she would see. 

The odor of old age, of dust, of unwashed clothes and 
stale food intensified as she unwound a motheaten 
black shawl, revealing a head of scant white hair 
through which the scalp showed clearly. 

Bathilda? Harry repeated. 

She nodded again. Harry became aware of the locket 
against his skin; the thing inside it that sometimes 
ticked or beat had woken; he could feel it pulsing 
through the cold gold. Did it know, could it sense, 
that the thing that would destroy it was near? 

Bathilda shuffled past them, pushing Hermione aside 
as though she had not seen her, and vanished into 
what seemed to be a sitting room. 

Harry, Im not sure about this, breathed Hermione. 

Look at the size of her; I think we could overpower 
her if we had to, said Harry. Listen, I should have 
told you, I knew she wasnt all there. Muriel called her 
gaga.  

Come! called Bathilda from the next room. 

Hermione jumped and clutched Harrys arm. 

Its okay, said Harry reassuringly, and he led the 
way into the sitting room. 

Bathilda was tottering around the place lighting 
candles, but it was still very dark, not to mention 
extremely dirty. Thick dust crunched beneath their 
feet, and Harrys nose detected, underneath the dank 
and mildewed smell, something worse, like meat gone 
  378 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




bad. He wondered when was the last time anyone had 
been inside Bathildas house to check whether she 
was coping. She seemed to have forgotten that she 
could do magic, too, for she lit the candles clumsily 
by hand, her trailing lace cuff in constant danger of 
catching fire. 

Let me do that, offered Harry, and he took the 
matches from her. She stood watching him as he 
finished lighting the candle stubs that stood on 
saucers around the room, perched precariously on 
stacks of books and on side tables crammed with 
cracked and moldy cups. 

The last surface on which Harry spotted a candle was 
a bowfronted chest of drawers on which there stood 
a large number of photographs. When the flame 
danced into life, its reflection wavered on their dusty 
glass and silver. He saw a few tiny movements from 
the pictures. As Bathilda fumbled with logs for the 
fire, he muttered  Tergeo : The dust vanished from 
the photographs, and he saw at once that half a 
dozen were missing from the largest and most ornate 
frames. He wondered whether Bathilda or somebody 
else had removed them. Then the sight of a 
photograph near the back of the collection caught his 
eye, and he snatched it up. 

It was the goldenhaired, merryfaced thief, the young 
man who had perched on Gregorovitchs windowsill, 
smiling lazily up at Harry out of the silver frame. And 
it came to Harry instantly where he had seen the boy 
before: in The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, arm 
in arm with the teenage Dumbledore, and that must 
be where all the missing photographs were: in Ritas 
book. 

Mrs.  Miss  Bagshot? he said, and his voice 
shook slightly. Who is this? 

  379 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Bathilda was standing in the middle of the room 
watching Hermione light the fire for her. 

Miss Bagshot? Harry repeated, and he advanced 
with the picture in his hands as the flames burst into 
life in the fireplace. Bathilda looked up at his voice, 
and the Horcrux beat faster upon his chest. 

Who is this person? Harry asked her, pushing the 
picture forward. 

She peered at it solemnly, then up at Harry. 

Do you know who this is? he repeated in a much 
slower and louder voice than usual. This man? Do 
you know him? Whats he called? 

Bathilda merely looked vague. Harry felt an awful 
frustration. How had Rita Skeeter unlocked Bathildas 
memories? 

Who is this man? he repeated loudly. 

Harry, what are you doing? asked Hermione. 

This picture, Hermione, its the thief, the thief who 
stole from Gregorovitch! Please! he said to Bathilda. 
Who is this? 

But she only stared at him. 

Why did you ask us to come with you, Mrs.  Miss 
 Bagshot? asked Hermione, raising her own voice. 
Was there something you wanted to tell us? 

Giving no sign that she had heard Hermione, Bathilda 
now shuffled a few steps closer to Harry. With a little 
jerk of her head she looked back into the hall. 



  380 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You want us to leave? he asked. 



She repeated the gesture, this time pointing firstly at 
him, then at herself, then at the ceiling. 

Oh, right ... Hermione, I think she wants me to go 
upstairs with her. 

All right, said Hermione, lets go. 

But when Hermione moved, Bathilda shook her head 
with surprising vigor, once more pointing first at 
Harry, then to herself. 

She wants me to go with her, alone. 

Why? asked Hermione, and her voice rang out sharp 
and clear in the candlelit room; the old lady shook her 
head a little at the loud noise. 

Maybe Dumbledore told her to give the sword to me, 
and only to me? 

Do you really think she knows who you are? 

Yes, said Harry, looking down into the milky eyes 
fixed upon his own, I think she does. 

Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry. 

Lead the way, Harry told Bathilda. 

She seemed to understand, because she shuffled 
around him toward the door. Harry glanced back at 
Hermione with a reassuring smile, but he was not 
sure she had seen it; she stood hugging herself in the 
midst of the candlelit squalor, looking toward the 
bookcase. As Harry walked out of the room, unseen 
by both Hermione and Bathilda, he slipped the silver 

P a g e  381 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




framed photograph of the unknown thief inside his 
jacket. 

The stairs were steep and narrow: Harry was half 
tempted to place his hands on stout Bathildas 
backside to ensure that she did not topple over 
backward on top of him, which seemed only too likely. 
Slowly, wheezing a little, she climbed to the upper 
landing, turned immediately right, and led him into a 
lowceilinged bedroom. 

It was pitchblack and smelled horrible: Harry had 
just made out a chamber pot protruding from under 
the bed before Bathilda closed the door and even that 
was swallowed by the darkness. 

Lumos, said Harry, and his wand ignited. He gave a 
start: Bathilda had moved close to him in those few 
seconds of darkness, and he had not heard her 
approach. 

You are Potter? she whispered. 

Yes, I am. 

She nodded slowly, solemnly. Harry felt the Horcrux 
beating fast, faster than his own heart: It was an 
unpleasant, agitating sensation. 

Have you got anything for me? Harry asked, but she 
seemed distracted by his lit wandtip. 

Have you got anything for me? he repeated. 

Then she closed her eyes and several things 
happened at once: Harrys scar prickled painfully; the 
Horcrux twitched so that the front of his sweater 
actually moved; the dark, fetid room dissolved 



  382 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




momentarily. He felt a leap of joy and spoke in a high, 
cold voice: Hold him). 

Harry swayed where he stood: The dark, foulsmelling 
room seemed to close around him again; he did not 
know what had just happened. 

Have you got anything for me? he asked for a third 
time, much louder. 

Over here, she whispered, pointing to the corner. 
Harry raised his wand and saw the outline of a 
cluttered dressing table beneath the curtained 
window. 

This time she did not lead him. Harry edged between 
her and the unmade bed, his wand raised. He did not 
want to look away from her. 

What is it? he asked as he reached the dressing 
table, which was heaped high with what looked and 
smelled like dirty laundry. 

There, she said, pointing at the shapeless mass. 

And in the instant that he looked away, his eyes 
raking the tangled mess for a sword hilt, a ruby, she 
moved weirdly: He saw it out of the corner of his eye; 
panic made him turn and horror paralyzed him as he 
saw the old body collapsing and the great snake 
pouring from the place where her neck had been. 

The snake struck as he raised his wand: The force of 
the bite to his forearm sent the wand spinning up 
toward the ceiling; its light swung dizzyingly around 
the room and was extinguished: Then a powerful blow 
from the tail to his midriff knocked the breath out of 
him: He fell backward onto the dressing table, into 
the mound of filthy clothing  

  383 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He rolled sideways, narrowly avoiding the snakes tail, 
which thrashed down upon the table where he had 
been a second earlier: Fragments of the glass surface 
rained upon him as he hit the floor. From below he 
heard Hermione call, Harry? 

He could not get enough breath into his lungs to call 
back: Then a heavy smooth mass smashed him to the 
floor and he felt it slide over him, powerful, muscular 



No! he gasped, pinned to the floor. 

Yes, whispered the voice. Yesss ... hold you ... hold 
you ... 

Accio ... Accio Wand ... 

But nothing happened and he needed his hands to try 
to force the snake from him as it coiled itself around 
his torso, squeezing the air from him, pressing the 
Horcrux hard into his chest, a circle of ice that 
throbbed with life, inches from his own frantic heart, 
and his brain was flooding with cold, white light, all 
thought obliterated, his own breath drowned, distant 
footsteps, everything going. ... 

A metal heart was banging outside his chest, and now 
he was flying, flying with triumph in his heart, 
without need of broomstick or thestral. ... 

He was abruptly awake in the soursmelling 
darkness; Nagini had released him. He scrambled up 
and saw the snake outlined against the landing light: 
It struck, and Hermione dived aside with a shriek; her 
deflected curse hit the curtained window, which 
shattered. Frozen air filled the room as Harry ducked 
to avoid another shower of broken glass and his foot 
slipped on a pencillike something  his wand  
  384 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He bent and snatched it up, but now the room was 
full of the snake, its tail thrashing; Hermione was 
nowhere to be seen and for a moment Harry thought 
the worst, but then there was a loud bang and a flash 
of red light, and the snake flew into the air, smacking 
Harry hard in the face as it went, coil after heavy coil 
rising up to the ceiling. Harry raised his wand, but as 
he did so, his scar seared more painfully, more 
powerfully than it had done in years. 

Hes coming! Hermione, hes comingl 

As he yelled the snake fell, hissing wildly. Everything 
was chaos: It smashed shelves from the wall, and 
splintered china flew everywhere as Harry jumped 
over the bed and seized the dark shape he knew to be 
Hermione  

She shrieked with pain as he pulled her back across 
the bed: The snake reared again, but Harry knew that 
worse than the snake was coming, was perhaps 
already at the gate, his head was going to split open 
with the pain from his scar  

The snake lunged as he took a running leap, dragging 
Hermione with him; as it struck, Hermione screamed, 

 ConfringoV and her spell flew around the room, 
exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back 
at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the 
heat of it sear the back of his hand. Glass cut his 
cheek as, pulling Hermione with him, he leapt from 
bed to broken dressing table and then straight out of 
the smashed window into nothingness, her scream 
reverberating through the night as they twisted in 
midair. ... 

And then his scar burst open and he was Voldemort 
and he was running across the fetid bedroom, his 
long white hands clutching at the windowsill as he 

  385 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




glimpsed the bald man and the little woman twist and 
vanish, and he screamed with rage, a scream that 
mingled with the girls, that echoed across the dark 
gardens over the church bells ringing in Christmas 
Day. ... 

And his scream was Harrys scream, his pain was 
Harrys pain ... that it could happen here, where it 
had happened before ... here, within sight of that 
house where he had come so close to knowing what it 
was to die ... to die. ... The pain was so terrible ... 
ripped from his body. ... But if he had no body, why 
did his head hurt so badly; if he was dead, how could 
he feel so unbearably, didnt pain cease with death, 
didnt it go ... 

The night wet and windy, two children dressed as 
pumpkins waddling across the square, and the shop 
windows covered in paper spiders, all the tawdry 
Muggle trappings of a world in which they did not 
believe. ... And he was gliding along, that sense of 
purpose and power and rightness in him that he 
always knew on these occasions. . . . Not anger . . . that 
was for weaker souls than he ... but triumph, yes. ... 
He had waited for this, he had hoped for it. ... 

Nice costume, mister! 

He saw the small boys smile falter as he ran near 
enough to see beneath the hood of the cloak, saw the 
fear cloud his painted face: Then the child turned and 
ran away. ... Beneath the robe he fingered the handle 
of his wand. ... One simple movement and the child 
would never reach his mother . . . but unnecessary, 
quite unnecessary. . . . 

And along a new and darker street he moved, and 
now his destination was in sight at last, the Fidelius 
Charm broken, though they did not know it yet. ... 

  386 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And he made less noise than the dead leaves 
slithering along the pavement as he drew level with 
the dark hedge, and stared over it. ... 

They had not drawn the curtains; he saw them quite 
clearly in their little sitting room, the tall blackhaired 
man in his glasses, making puffs of colored smoke 
erupt from his wand for the amusement of the small 
blackhaired boy in his blue pajamas. The child was 
laughing and trying to catch the smoke, to grab it in 
his small fist. ... 

A door opened and the mother entered, saying words 
he could not hear, her long darkred hair falling over 
her face. Now the father scooped up the son and 
handed him to the mother. He threw his wand down 
upon the sofa and stretched, yawning. . . . 

The gate creaked a little as he pushed it open, but 
James Potter did not hear. His white hand pulled out 
the wand beneath his cloak and pointed it at the 
door, which burst open. 

He was over the threshold as James came sprinting 
into the hall. It was easy, too easy, he had not even 
picked up his wand. ... 

Lily, take Harry and go! Its him! Go! Run! Ill hold 
him off! 

Hold him off, without a wand in his hand! . . . He 
laughed before casting the curse. . . . 

Avada Kedavra! 

The green light filled the cramped hallway, it lit the 
pram pushed against the wall, it made the banisters 
glare like lightning rods, and James Potter fell like a 
marionette whose strings were cut. ... 

  387 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He could hear her screaming from the upper floor, 
trapped, but as long as she was sensible, she, at 
least, had nothing to fear. ... He climbed the steps, 
listening with faint amusement to her attempts to 
barricade herself in. ... She had no wand upon her 
either. ... How stupid they were, and how trusting, 
thinking that their safety lay in friends, that weapons 
could be discarded even for moments. ... 

He forced the door open, cast aside the chair and 
boxes hastily piled against it with one lazy wave of his 
wand ... and there she stood, the child in her arms. At 
the sight of him, she dropped her son into the crib 
behind her and threw her arms wide, as if this would 
help, as if in shielding him from sight she hoped to be 
chosen instead. . . . 

Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry! 

Stand aside, you silly girl . . . stand aside, now.  

Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead   

This is my last warning   

Not Harry! Please . . . have mercy . . . have mercy. . . . 

Not Harry! Not Harry! Please  Ill do anything   

Stand aside. Stand aside, girl! 

He could have forced her away from the crib, but it 
seemed more prudent to finish them all. ... 

The green light flashed around the room and she 
dropped like her husband. The child had not cried all 
this time: He could stand, clutching the bars of his crib, 
and he looked up into the intruders face with a kind of 
bright interest, perhaps thinking that it was his father 



  388 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




who hid beneath the cloak, making more pretty lights, 
and his mother would pop up any moment, laughing  

He pointed the wand very carefully into the boys face: 
He wanted to see it happen, the destruction of this one, 
inexplicable danger. The child began to cry: It had seen 
that he was not James. He did not like it crying, he 
had never been able to stomach the small ones 
whining in the orphanage  

Avada Kedavra! 

And then he broke: He was nothing, nothing but pain 
and terror, and he must hide himself, not here in the 
rubble of the ruined house, where the child was 
trapped and screaming, but far away . . . far away. . . . 

No, he moaned. 

The snake rustled on the filthy, cluttered floor, and he 
had killed the boy, and yet he was the boy. . . . 

No ... 

And now he stood at the broken window of Bathildas 
house, immersed in memories of his greatest loss, and 
at his feet the great snake slithered over broken china 
and glass. ... He looked down and saw something ... 
something incredible. . . . 

No ... 

Harry, its all right, youre all right! 

He stooped down and picked up the smashed 
photograph. There he was, the unknown thief, the 
thief he was seeking. . . . 

No ... I dropped it. ... I dropped it. ... 

  389 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, its okay, wake up, wake up! 



He was Harry. ... Harry, not Voldemort ... and the 
thing that was rustling was not a snake. ... He opened 
his eyes. 

Harry, Hermione whispered. Do you feel all  all 
right? 

Yes, he lied. 

He was in the tent, lying on one of the lower bunks 
beneath a heap of blankets. He could tell that it was 
almost dawn by the stillness and the quality of the 
cold, flat light beyond the canvas ceiling. He was 
drenched in sweat; he could feel it on the sheets and 
blankets. 

We got away. 

Yes, said Hermione. I had to use a Hover Charm to 
get you into your bunk, I couldnt lift you. Youve 
been ... Well, you havent been quite ... 

There were purple shadows under her brown eyes and 
he noticed a small sponge in her hand: She had been 
wiping his face. 

Youve been ill, she finished. Quite ill. 

How long ago did we leave? 

Hours ago. Its nearly morning. 

And Ive been ... what, unconscious? 

Not exactly, said Hermione uncomfortably. Youve 
been shouting and moaning and ... things, she 
added in a tone that made Harry feel uneasy. What 

  390 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




had he done? Screamed curses like Voldemort, cried 
like the baby in the crib? 

I couldnt get the Horcrux off you, Hermione said, 
and he knew she wanted to change the subject. It 
was stuck, stuck to your chest. Youve got a mark; Im 
sorry, I had to use a Severing Charm to get it away. 
The snake bit you too, but Ive cleaned the wound and 
put some dittany on it. ... 

He pulled the sweaty Tshirt he was wearing away 
from himself and looked down. There was a scarlet 
oval over his heart where the locket had burned him. 
He could also see the halfhealed puncture marks to 
his forearm. 

Where Ve you put the Horcrux? 

In my bag. I think we should keep it off for a while. 

He lay back on his pillows and looked into her 
pinched gray face. 

We shouldnt have gone to Godrics Hollow. Its my 
fault, its all my fault, Hermione, Im sorry. 

Its not your fault. I wanted to go too; I really thought 
Dumbledore might have left the sword there for you. 

Yeah, well ... we got that wrong, didnt we? 

What happened, Harry? What happened when she 
took you upstairs? Was the snake hiding somewhere? 
Did it just come out and kill her and attack you? 

No, he said. She was the snake ... or the snake was 
her ... all along. 

Wwhat? 

  391 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He closed his eyes. He could still smell Bathildas 
house on him: It made the whole thing horribly vivid. 

Bathilda mustve been dead a while. The snake was 
... was inside her. YouKnowWho put it there in 
Godrics Hollow, to wait. You were right. He knew Id 
go back. 

The snake was inside her? 

He opened his eyes again: Hermione looked revolted, 
nauseated. 

Lupin said there would be magic wed never 
imagined, Harry said. She didnt want to talk in 
front of you, because it was Parseltongue, all 
Parseltongue, and I didnt realize, but of course I 
could understand her. Once we were up in the room, 
the snake sent a message to YouKnowWho, I heard 
it happen inside my head, I felt him get excited, he 
said to keep me there ... and then ... 

He remembered the snake coming our of Bathildas 
neck: Hermione did not need to know the details. 

"... she changed, changed into the snake, and 
attacked. 

He looked down at the puncture marks. 

It wasnt supposed to kill me, just keep me there till 
YouKnowWho came. 

If he had only managed to kill the snake, it would 
have been worth it, all of it. ... Sick at heart, he sat up 
and threw back the covers. 

Harry, no, Im sure you ought to rest! 



  392 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youre the one who needs sleep. No offense, but you 
look terrible. Im fine. Ill keep watch for a while. 
Wheres my wand? 

She did not answer, she merely looked at him. 
Wheres my wand, Hermione? 

She was biting her lip, and tears swam in her eyes. 
Harry ... 

 Wheres my wand? 

She reached down beside the bed and held it out to 
him. 

The holly and phoenix wand was nearly severed in 
two. One fragile strand of phoenix feather kept both 
pieces hanging together. The wood had splintered 
apart completely. Harry took it into his hands as 
though it was a living thing that had suffered a 
terrible injury. He could not think properly: 
Everything was a blur of panic and fear. Then he held 
out the wand to Hermione. 

Mend it. Please. 

Harry, I dont think, when its broken like this   
Please, Hermione, try! 

RReparo. 

The dangling half of the wand resealed itself. Harry 
held it up. 

Lumosl 



  393 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The wand sparked feebly, then went out. Harry 
pointed it at Hermione. 

 Expelliarmusl 

Hermione s wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave 
her hand. The feeble attempt at magic was too much 
for Harrys wand, which split into two again. He 
stared at it, aghast, unable to take in what he was 
seeing . . . the wand that had survived so much . . . 

Harry, Hermione whispered so quietly he could 
hardly hear her. Im so, so sorry. I think it was me. 

As we were leaving, you know, the snake was coming 
for us, and so I cast a Blasting Curse, and it 
rebounded everywhere, and it must have  must 
have hit   

It was an accident, said Harry mechanically. He felt 
empty, stunned. Well  well find a way to repair it. 

Harry, I dont think were going to be able to, said 
Hermione, the tears trickling down her face. 
Remember . . . remember Ron? When he broke his 
wand, crashing the car? It was never the same again, 
he had to get a new one. 

Harry thought of Ollivander, kidnapped and held 
hostage by Voldemort; of Gregorovitch, who was dead. 
How was he supposed to find himself a new wand? 

Well, he said, in a falsely matteroffact voice, well, 
Ill just borrow yours for now, then. While I keep 
watch. 

Her face glazed with tears, Hermione handed over her 
wand, and he left her sitting beside his bed, desiring 
nothing more than to get away from her. 



  394 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE LIFE AND LIES OF ALBUS 
DUMBLEDORE 

The sun was coming up: The pure, colorless vastness 
of the sky stretched over him, indifferent to him and 
his suffering. Harry sat down in the tent entrance and 
took a deep breath of clean air. Simply to be alive to 
watch the sun rise over the sparkling snowy hillside 
ought to have been the greatest treasure on earth, yet 
he could not appreciate it: His senses had been 
spiked by the calamity of losing his wand. He looked 
out over a valley blanketed in snow, distant church 
bells chiming through the glittering silence. 

Without realizing it, he was digging his fingers into 
his arms as if he were trying to resist physical pain. 

He had spilled his own blood more times than he 
could count; he had lost all the bones in his right arm 
once; this journey had already given him scars to his 
chest and forearm to join those on his hand and 
forehead, but never, until this moment, had he felt 
himself to be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and 
naked, as though the best part of his magical power 
had been torn from him. He knew exactly what 
  395 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Hermione would say if he expressed any of this: The 
wand is only as good as the wizard. But she was 
wrong, his case was different. She had not felt the 
wand spin like the needle of a compass and shoot 
golden flames at his enemy. He had lost the 
protection of the twin cores, and only now that it was 
gone did he realize how much he had been counting 
upon it. 

He pulled the pieces of the broken wand out of his 
pocket and, without looking at them, tucked them 
away in Hagrids pouch around his neck. The pouch 
was now too full of broken and useless objects to take 
any more. Harrys hand brushed the old Snitch 
through the mokeskin and for a moment he had to 
fight the temptation to pull it out and throw it away. 
Impenetrable, unhelpful, useless, like everything else 
Dumbledore had left behind  

And his fury at Dumbledore broke over him now like 
lava, scorching him inside, wiping out every other 
feeling. Out of sheer desperation they had talked 
themselves into believing that Godrics Hollow held 
answers, convinced themselves that they were 
supposed to go back, that it was all part of some 
secret path laid out for them by Dumbledore; but 
there was no map, no plan. Dumbledore had left them 
to grope in the darkness, to wrestle with unknown 
and undreamedof terrors, alone and unaided: 

Nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, they 
had no sword, and now, Harry had no wand. And he 
had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would 
surely be easy now for Voldemort to find out who he 
was. ... Voldemort had all the information now. ... 

Harry? 

Hermione looked frightened that he might curse her 
with her own wand. Her face streaked with tears, she 

  396 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




crouched down beside him, two cups of tea trembling 
in her hands and something bulky under her arm. 

Thanks, he said, taking one of the cups. 

Do you mind if I talk to you? 

No, he said because he did not want to hurt her 
feelings. 

Harry, you wanted to know who that man in the 
picture was. Well ... Ive got the book. 

Timidly she pushed it onto his lap, a pristine copy of 
The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore. 

Where  how  ? 

It was in Bathildas sitting room, just lying there. ... 
This note was sticking out of the top of it. 

Hermione read the few lines of spiky, acidgreen 
writing aloud. 

 Dear Batty, Thanks for your help. Heres a copy of 
the book, hope you like it. You said everything, even if 
you dont remember it. Rita. I think it must have 
arrived while the real Bathilda was alive, but perhaps 
she wasnt in any fit state to read it? 

No, she probably wasnt. 

Harry looked down upon Dumbledore s face and 
experienced a surge of savage pleasure: Now he would 
know all the things that Dumbledore had never 
thought it worth telling him, whether Dumbledore 
wanted him to or not. 



  397 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youre still really angry at me, arent you? said 
Hermione; he looked up to see fresh tears leaking out 
of her eyes, and knew that his anger must have 
shown in his face. 

No, he said quietly. No, Hermione, I know it was an 
accident. You were trying to get us out of there alive, 
and you were incredible. Id be dead if you hadnt 
been there to help me. 

He tried to return her watery smile, then turned his 
attention to the book. Its spine was stiff; it had clearly 
never been opened before. He riffled through the 
s, looking for photographs. He came across the 
one he sought almost at once, the young Dumbledore 
and his handsome companion, roaring with laughter 
at some longforgotten joke. Harry dropped his eyes to 
the caption. 

Albus Dumbledore, shortly after his mothers death, 
with his friend Gellert Grindelwald. 

Harry gaped at the last word for several long 
moments. Grindelwald. His friend Grindelwald. He 
looked sideways at Hermione, who was still 
contemplating the name as though she could not 
believe her eyes. Slowly she looked up at Harry. 

 Grindelwald? 

Ignoring the remainder of the photographs, Harry 
searched the s around them for a recurrence of 
that fatal name. He soon discovered it and read 
greedily, but became lost: It was necessary to go 
further back to make sense of it all, and eventually he 
found himself at the start of a chapter entitled The 
Greater Good. Together, he and Hermione started to 
read: 



  398 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Now approaching his eighteenth birthday, 

Dumbledore left Hogwarts in a blaze of glory  Head 
Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for 
Exceptional SpellCasting, British Youth 
Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal 
Winner for GroundBreaking Contribution to the 
International Alchemical Conference in Cairo. 
Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour 
with Elphias Dogbreath Doge, the dimwitted but 
devoted sidekick he had picked up at school. 

The two young men were staying at the Leaky 
Cauldron in London, preparing to depart for Greece the 
following morning, when an owl arrived bearing news 
of Dumbledore s mothers death. Dogbreath Doge, 
who refused to be interviewed for this book, has given 
the public his own sentimental version of what 
happened next. He represents Kendras death as a 
tragic blow, and Dumbledores decision to give up his 
expedition as an act of noble selfsacrifice. 

Certainly Dumbledore returned to Godrics Hollow at 
once, supposedly to care for his younger brother 
and sister. But how much care did he actually give 
them? 

He were a head case, that Aberforth, says Enid 
Smeek, whose family lived on the outskirts of Godrics 
Hollow at that time. Ran wild. Course, with his mum 
and dad gone youd have felt sorry for him, only he 
kept chucking goat dung at my head. I dont think 
Albus was fussed about him, I never saw them 
together, anyway. 

So what was Albus doing, if not comforting his wild 
young brother? The answer, it seems, is ensuring the 
continued imprisonment of his sister. For, though her 
first jailer had died, there was no change in the pitiful 
condition of Ariana Dumbledore. Her very existence 
  399 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




continued to be known only to those few outsiders 
who, like Dogbreath Doge, could be counted upon to 
believe in the story of her ill health. 

Another such easily satisfied friend of the family was 
Bathilda Bagshot, the celebrated magical historian 
who has lived in Godrics Hollow for many years. 
Kendra, of course, had rebuffed Bathilda when she 
first attempted to welcome the family to the village. 
Several years later, however, the author sent an owl to 
Albus at Hog warts, having been favorably impressed 
by his paper on transspecies transformation in 
Transfiguration Today. This initial contact led to 
acquaintance with the entire Dumbledore family . At 
the time of Kendras death, Bathilda was the only 
person in Godrics Hollow who was on speaking terms 
with Dumbledores mother. 

Unfortunately, the brilliance that Bathilda exhibited 
earlier in her life has now dimmed. The fires lit, but 
the cauldrons empty, as Ivor Dillonsby put it to me, 
or, in Enid Smeeks slightly earthier phrase, Shes 
nutty as squirrel poo. Nevertheless, a combination of 
triedandtested reporting techniques enabled me to 
extract enough nuggets of hard fact to string together 
the whole scandalous story. 

Like the rest of the Wizarding world, Bathilda puts 
Kendras premature death down to a backfiring 
charm, a story repeated by Albus and Aberforth in 
later years. Bathilda also parrots the family line on 
Ariana, calling her frail and delicate. On one 
subject, however, Bathilda is well worth the effort I 
put into procuring Veritaserum, for she, and she 
alone, knows the full story of the bestkept secret of 
Albus Dumbledores life. Now revealed for the first 
time, it calls into question everything that his 
admirers believed of Dumbledore: his supposed 
hatred of the Dark Arts, his opposition to the 
  400 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




oppression of Muggles, even his devotion to his own 
family. 

The very same summer that Dumbledore went home 
to Godrics Hollow, now an orphan and head of the 
family, Bathilda Bagshot agreed to accept into her 
home her greatnephew, Gellert Grindelwald. 

The name of Grindelwald is justly famous: In a list of 
Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, he would 
miss out on the top spot only because YouKnowWho 
arrived, a generation later, to steal his crown. As 
Grindelwald never extended his campaign of terror to 
Britain, however, the details of his rise to power are 
not widely known here. 

Educated at Durmstrang, a school famous even then 
for its unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts, 
Grindelwald showed himself quite as precociously 
brilliant as Dumbledore. Rather than channel his 
abilities into the attainment of awards and prizes, 
however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted himself to other 
pursuits. At sixteen years old, even Durmstrang felt it 
could no longer turn a blind eye to the twisted 
experiments of Gellert Grindelwald, and he was 
expelled. 

Hitherto, all that has been known of Grindelwald s 
next movements is that he traveled abroad for some 
months. It can now be revealed that Grindelwald 
chose to visit his greataunt in Godrics Hollow, and 
that there, intensely shocking though it will be for 
many to hear it, he struck up a close friendship with 
none other than Albus Dumbledore. 

He seemed a charming boy to me, babbles Bathilda, 
whatever he became later. Naturally I introduced him 
to poor Albus, who was missing the company of lads 
his own age. The boys took to each other at once. 

  401 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




They certainly did. Bathilda shows me a letter, kept 
by her, that Albus Dumbledore sent Gellert 
Grindelwald in the dead of night. 

Yes, even after theyd spent all day in discussion  
both such brilliant young boys, they got on like a 
cauldron on fire  Id sometimes hear an owl tapping 
at Gellerts bedroom window, delivering a letter from 
Albus! An idea would have struck him, and he had to 
let Gellert know immediately! 

And what ideas they were. Profoundly shocking 
though Albus Dumbledore s fans will find it, here are 
the thoughts of their seventeenyearold hero, as 
relayed to his new best friend. (A copy of the original 
letter may be seen on  463.) 

Gellert  

Your point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE 
MUGGLES OWN GOOD  this, I think , is the crucial 
point. Yes, we have been given power and yes, that 
power gives us the right to rule, but it also gives us 
responsibilities over the ruled. We must stress this 
point, it will be the foundation stone upon which we 
build. Where we are opposed, as we surely will be, this 
must be the basis of all our counterarguments. We 
seize control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. And from this 
it follows that where we meet resistance, we must use 
only the force that is necessary and no more. (This was 
your mistake at Durmstrang! But I do not complain, 
because if you had not been expelled, we would never 
have met.) 

Albus 

Astonished and appalled though his many admirers 
will be, this letter constitutes proof that Albus 
Dumbledore once dreamed of overthrowing the Statute 

  402 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




of Secrecy and establishing Wizard rule over Muggles. 
What a blow for those who have always portrayed 
Dumbledore as the Muggleboms greatest champion! 
How hollow those speeches promoting Muggle rights 
seem in the light of this damning new evidence! How 
despicable does Albus Dumbledore appear, busy 
plotting his rise to power when he should have been 
mourning his mother and caring for his sister! 

No doubt those determined to keep Dumbledore on 
his crumbling pedestal will bleat that he did not, after 
all, put his plans into action, that he must have 
suffered a change of heart, that he came to his 
senses. However, the truth seems altogether more 
shocking. 

Barely two months into their great new friendship, 
Dumbledore and Grindelwald parted, never to see each 
other again until they met for their legendary duel (for 
more, see chapter 22). What caused this abrupt 
rupture? Had Dumbledore come to his senses? Had he 
told Grindelwald he wanted no more part in his plans? 
Alas, no. 

It was poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it, 
says Bathilda. It came as an awful shock. Gellert was 
there in the house when it happened, and he came 
back to my house all of a dither, told me he wanted to 
go home the next day. Terribly distressed, you know. 
So I arranged a Portkey and that was the last I saw of 
him. 

Albus was beside himself at Arianas death. It was so 
dreadful for those two brothers. They had lost 
everybody except each other. No wonder tempers ran 
a little high. Aberforth blamed Albus, you know, as 
people will under these dreadful circumstances. But 
Aberforth always talked a little madly, poor boy. All 
the same, breaking Albuss nose at the funeral was 
  403 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




not decent. It would have destroyed Kendra to see her 
sons fighting like that, across her daughters body. A 
shame Gellert could not have stayed for the funeral. 

... He would have been a comfort to Albus, at least. 



This dreadful coffin side brawl, known only to those 
few who attended Ariana Dumbledores funeral, raises 
several questions. Why exactly did Aberforth 
Dumbledore blame Albus for his sisters death? Was 
it, as Batty pretends, a mere effusion of grief? Or 
could there have been some more concrete reason for 
his fury? Grindelwald, expelled from Durmstrang for 
nearfatal attacks upon fellow students, fled the 
country hours after the girls death, and Albus (out of 
shame or fear?) never saw him again, not until forced 
to do so by the pleas of the Wizarding world. 

Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seems to 
have referred to this brief boyhood friendship in later 
life. However, there can be no doubt that Dumbledore 
delayed, for some five years of turmoil, fatalities, and 
disappearances, his attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. 
Was it lingering affection for the man or fear of 
exposure as his once best friend that caused 
Dumbledore to hesitate? Was it only reluctantly that 
Dumbledore set out to capture the man he was once 
so delighted he had met? 

And how did the mysterious Ariana die? Was she the 
inadvertent victim of some Dark rite? Did she stumble 
across something she ought not to have done, as the 
two young men sat practicing for their attempt at 
glory and domination? Is it possible that Ariana 
Dumbledore was the first person to die for the 
greater good? 



  404 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The chapter ended here and Harry looked up. 
Hermione had reached the bottom of the  before 
him. She tugged the book out of Harrys hands, 
looking a little alarmed by his expression, and closed 
it without looking at it, as though hiding something 
indecent. 

Harry   

But he shook his head. Some inner certainty had 
crashed down inside him; it was exactly as he had felt 
after Ron left. He had trusted Dumbledore, believed 
him the embodiment of goodness and wisdom. All was 
ashes: How much more could he lose? Ron, 
Dumbledore, the phoenix wand ... 

Harry. She seemed to have heard his thoughts. 
Listen to me. It  it doesnt make very nice reading 



Yeah, you could say that   

  but dont forget, Harry, this is Rita Skeeter 
writing. 

You did read that letter to Grindelwald, didnt you? 

Yes, I  I did. She hesitated, looking upset, cradling 
her tea in her cold hands. I think thats the worst bit. 
I know Bathilda thought it was all just talk, but For 
the Greater Good became Grindelwald s slogan, his 
justification for all the atrocities he committed later. 
And . . . from that ... it looks like Dumbledore gave him 
the idea. They say For the Greater Good was even 
carved over the entrance to Nurmengard. 

Whats Nurmengard? 



  405 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The prison Grindelwald had built to hold his 
opponents. He ended up in there himself, once 
Dumbledore had caught him. Anyway, its  its an 
awful thought that Dumbledore s ideas helped 
Grindelwald rise to power. But on the other hand, 
even Rita cant pretend that they knew each other for 
more than a few months one summer when they were 
both really young, and   

I thought youd say that, said Harry. He did not 
want to let his anger spill out at her, but it was hard 
to keep his voice steady. I thought youd say They 
were young.  They were the same age as we are now. 
And here we are, risking our lives to fight the Dark 
Arts, and there he was, in a huddle with his new best 
friend, plotting their rise to power over the Muggles. 

His temper would not remain in check much longer: 
He stood up and walked around, trying to work some 
of it off. 

Im not trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote, 
said Hermione. All that right to rule rubbish, its 
Magic Is Might all over again. But Harry, his mother 
had just died, he was stuck alone in the house   

Alone? He wasnt alone! He had his brother and 
sister for company, his Squib sister he was keeping 
locked up   

I dont believe it, said Hermione. She stood up too. 
Whatever was wrong with that girl, I dont think she 
was a Squib. The Dumbledore we knew would never, 
ever have allowed   

The Dumbledore we thought we knew didnt want to 
conquer Muggles by force! Harry shouted, his voice 
echoing across the empty hilltop, and several 



  406 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




blackbirds rose into the air, squawking and spiraling 
against the pearly sky. 

He changed, Harry, he changed! Its as simple as 
that! Maybe he did believe these things when he was 
seventeen, but the whole of the rest of his life was 
devoted to fighting the Dark Arts! Dumbledore was 
the one who stopped Grindelwald, the one who always 
voted for Muggle protection and Muggleborn rights, 
who fought YouKnowWho from the start, and who 
died trying to bring him down! 

Ritas book lay on the ground between them, so that 
the face of Albus Dumbledore smiled dolefully at 
both. 

Harry, Im sorry, but I think the real reason youre so 
angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this 
himself. 

Maybe I am! Harry bellowed, and he flung his arms 
over his head, hardly knowing whether he was trying 
to hold in his anger or protect himself from the weight 
of his own disillusionment. Look what he asked from 
me, Hermione! Risk your life, Harry! And again! And 
again! And dont expect me to explain everything, just 
trust me blindly, trust that I know what Im doing, 
trust me even though I dont trust you! Never the 
whole truth! Never! 

His voice cracked with the strain, and they stood 
looking at each other in the whiteness and the 
emptiness, and Harry felt they were as insignificant 
as insects beneath that wide sky. 

He loved you, Hermione whispered. I know he loved 
you. 



Harry dropped his arms. 

  407 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I dont know who he loved, Hermione, but it was 
never me. This isnt love, the mess hes left me in. He 
shared a damn sight more of what he was really 
thinking with Gellert Grindelwald than he ever shared 
with me. 

Harry picked up Hermione s wand, which he had 
dropped in the snow, and sat back down in the 
entrance of the tent. 

Thanks for the tea. Ill finish the watch. You get back 
in the warm. 

She hesitated, but recognized the dismissal. She 
picked up the book and then walked back past him 
into the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top 
of his head lightly with her hand. He closed his eyes 
at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what 
she said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared. 



  408 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   








THE SILVER DOE 

It was snowing by the time Hermione took over the 
watch at midnight. Harrys dreams were confused and 
disturbing: Nagini wove in and out of them, first 
through a gigantic, cracked ring, then through a 
wreath of Christmas roses. He woke repeatedly, 
panicky, convinced that somebody had called out to 
him in the distance, imagining that the wind 
whipping around the tent was footsteps or voices. 

Finally he got up in the darkness and joined 
Hermione, who was huddled in the entrance to the 
tent reading A History of Magic by the light of her 
wand. The snow was still falling thickly, and she 
greeted with relief his suggestion of packing up early 
and moving on. 

Well go somewhere more sheltered, she agreed, 
shivering as she pulled on a sweatshirt over her 
pajamas. I kept thinking I could hear people moving 
outside. I even thought I saw somebody once or 
twice. 



  409 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Harry paused in the act of pulling on a jumper and 
glanced at the silent, motionless Sneakoscope on the 
table. 

Im sure I imagined it, said Hermione, looking 
nervous. The snow in the dark, it plays tricks on 
your eyes. ... But perhaps we ought to Disapparate 
under the Invisibility Cloak, just in case? 

Half an hour later, with the tent packed, Harry 
wearing the Horcrux, and Hermione clutching the 
beaded bag, they Disapparated. The usual tightness 
engulfed them; Harrys feet parted company with the 
snowy ground, then slammed hard onto what felt like 
frozen earth covered with leaves. 

Where are we? he asked, peering around at a fresh 
mass of trees as Hermione opened the beaded bag 
and began tugging out tent poles. 

The Forest of Dean, she said. I came camping here 
once with my mum and dad. 

Here too snow lay on the trees all around and it was 
bitterly cold, but they were at least protected from the 
wind. They spent most of the day inside the tent, 
huddled for warmth around the useful bright blue 
flames that Hermione was so adept at producing, and 
which could be scooped up and carried around in a 
jar. Harry felt as though he was recuperating from 
some brief but severe illness, an impression 
reinforced by Hermione s solicitousness. That 
afternoon fresh flakes drifted down upon them, so 
that even their sheltered clearing had a fresh dusting 
of powdery snow. 

After two nights of little sleep, Harrys senses seemed 
more alert than usual. Their escape from Godrics 
Hollow had been so narrow that Voldemort seemed 

  410 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




somehow closer than before, more threatening. As 
darkness drew in again Harry refused Hermiones 
offer to keep watch and told her to go to bed. 

Harry moved an old cushion into the tent mouth and 
sat down, wearing all the sweaters he owned but even 
so, still shivery. The darkness deepened with the 
passing hours until it was virtually impenetrable. He 
was on the point of taking out the Marauders Map, so 
as to watch Ginnys dot for a while, before he 
remembered that it was the Christmas holidays and 
that she would be back at the Burrow. 

Every tiny movement seemed magnified in the 
vastness of the forest. Harry knew that it must be full 
of living creatures, but he wished they would all 
remain still and silent so that he could separate their 
innocent scurryings and prowlings from noises that 
might proclaim other, sinister movements. He 
remembered the sound of a cloak slithering over dead 
leaves many years ago, and at once thought he heard 
it again before mentally shaking himself. Their 
protective enchantments had worked for weeks; why 
should they break now? And yet he could not throw 
off the feeling that something was different tonight. 

Several times he jerked upright, his neck aching 
because he had fallen asleep, slumped at an awkward 
angle against the side of the tent. The night reached 
such a depth of velvety blackness that he might have 
been suspended in limbo between Disapparition and 
Apparition. He had just held up a hand in front of his 
face to see whether he could make out his fingers 
when it happened. 

A bright silver light appeared right ahead of him, 
moving through the trees. Whatever the source, it was 
moving soundlessly. The light seemed simply to drift 
toward him. 

  411 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He jumped to his feet, his voice frozen in his throat, 
and raised Hermiones wand. He screwed up his eyes 
as the light became blinding, the trees in front of it 
pitchblack in silhouette, and still the thing came 
closer. ... 

And then the source of the light stepped out from 
behind an oak. It was a silver white doe, moonbright 
and dazzling, picking her way over the ground, still 
silent, and leaving no hoofprints in the fine powdering 
of snow. She stepped toward him, her beautiful head 
with its wide, longlashed eyes held high. 

Harry stared at the creature, filled with wonder, not 
at her strangeness, but at her inexplicable familiarity. 
He felt that he had been waiting for her to come, but 
that he had forgotten, until this moment, that they 
had arranged to meet. His impulse to shout for 
Hermione, which had been so strong a moment ago, 
had gone. He knew, he would have staked his life on 
it, that she had come for him, and him alone. 

They gazed at each other for several long moments 
and then she turned and walked away. 

No, he said, and his voice was cracked with lack of 
use. Come back! 

She continued to step deliberately through the trees, 
and soon her brightness was striped by their thick 
black trunks. For one trembling second he hesitated. 
Caution murmured it could be a trick, a lure, a trap. 
But instinct, overwhelming instinct, told him that this 
was not Dark Magic. He set off in pursuit. 

Snow crunched beneath his feet, but the doe made no 
noise as she passed through the trees, for she was 
nothing but light. Deeper and deeper into the forest 
she led him, and Harry walked quickly, sure that 

  412 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




when she stopped, she would allow him to approach 
her properly. And then she would speak and the voice 
would tell him what he needed to know. 

At last, she came to a halt. She turned her beautiful 
head toward him once more, and he broke into a run, 
a question burning in him, but as he opened his lips 
to ask it, she vanished. 

Though the darkness had swallowed her whole, her 
burnished image was still imprinted on his retinas; it 
obscured his vision, brightening when he lowered his 
eyelids, disorienting him. Now fear came: Her 
presence had meant safety. 

Lumos\ he whispered, and the wandtip ignited. 

The imprint of the doe faded away with every blink of 
his eyes as he stood there, listening to the sounds of 
the forest, to distant crackles of twigs, soft swishes of 
snow. Was he about to be attacked? Had she enticed 
him into an ambush? Was he imagining that 
somebody stood beyond the reach of the wandlight, 
watching him? 

He held the wand higher. Nobody ran out at him, no 
flash of green light burst from behind a tree. Why, 
then, had she led him to this spot? 

Something gleamed in the light of the wand, and 
Harry spun about, but all that was there was a small, 
frozen pool, its cracked black surface glittering as he 
raised the wand higher to examine it. 

He moved forward rather cautiously and looked down. 
The ice reflected his distorted shadow and the beam 
of wandlight, but deep below the thick, misty gray 
carapace, something else glinted. A great silver cross 

  413 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




His heart skipped into his mouth: He dropped to his 
knees at the pools edge and angled the wand so as to 
flood the bottom of the pool with as much light as 
possible. A glint of deep red ... It was a sword with 
glittering rubies in its hilt. ... The sword of Gryffindor 
was lying at the bottom of the forest pool. 

Barely breathing, he stared down at it. How was this 
possible? How could it have come to be lying in a 
forest pool, this close to the place where they were 
camping? Had some unknown magic drawn Hermione 
to this spot, or was the doe, which he had taken to be 
a Patronus, some kind of guardian of the pool? Or 
had the sword been put into the pool after they had 
arrived, precisely because they were here? In which 
case, where was the person who had wanted to pass 
it to Harry? Again he directed the wand at the 
surrounding trees and bushes, searching for a 
human outline, for the glint of an eye, but he could 
not see anyone there. All the same, a little more fear 
leavened his exhilaration as he returned his attention 
to the sword reposing upon the bottom of the frozen 
pool. 

He pointed the wand at the silvery shape and 
murmured, Accio Sword. 

It did not stir. He had not expected it to. If it had been 
that easy, the sword would have lain on the ground 
for him to pick up, not in the depths of a frozen pool. 
He set off around the circle of ice, thinking hard 
about the last time the sword had delivered itself to 
him. He had been in terrible danger then, and had 
asked for help. 

Help, he murmured, but the sword remained upon 
the pool bottom, indifferent, motionless. 



  414 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What was it, Harry asked himself (walking again), 
that Dumbledore had told him the last time he had 
retrieved the sword? Only a true Gryffindor could have 
pulled that out of the hat. And what were the qualities 
that defined a Gryffindor? A small voice inside Harrys 
head answered him: Their daring, nerve, and chivalry 
set Gryffindors apart. 

Harry stopped walking and let out a long sigh, his 
smoky breath dispersing rapidly upon the frozen air. 
He knew what he had to do. If he was honest with 
himself, he had thought it might come to this from 
the moment he had spotted the sword through the 
ice. 

He glanced around at the surrounding trees again, 
but was convinced now that nobody was going to 
attack him. They had had their chance as he walked 
alone through the forest, had had plenty of 
opportunity as he examined the pool. The only reason 
to delay at this point was because the immediate 
prospect was so deeply uninviting. 

With fumbling fingers Harry started to remove his 
many layers of clothing. Where chivalry entered into 
this, he thought ruefully, he was not entirely sure, 
unless it counted as chivalrous that he was not 
calling for Hermione to do it in his stead. 

An owl hooted somewhere as he stripped off, and he 
thought with a pang of Hedwig. He was shivering 
now, his teeth chattering horribly, and yet he 
continued to strip off until at last he stood there in 
his underwear, barefooted in the snow. He placed the 
pouch containing his wand, his mothers letter, the 
shard of Siriuss mirror, and the old Snitch on top of 
his clothes, then he pointed Hermiones wand at the 
ice. 



  415 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Diffindo. 



It cracked with a sound like a bullet in the silence: 

The surface of the pool broke and chunks of dark ice 
rocked on the ruffled water. As far as Harry could 
judge, it was not deep, but to retrieve the sword he 
would have to submerge himself completely. 

Contemplating the task ahead would not make it 
easier or the water warmer. He stepped to the pools 
edge and placed Hermiones wand on the ground, still 
lit. Then, trying not to imagine how much colder he 
was about to become or how violently he would soon 
be shivering, he jumped. 

Every pore of his body screamed in protest: The very 
air in his lungs seemed to freeze solid as he was 
submerged to his shoulders in the frozen water. He 
could hardly breathe; trembling so violently the water 
lapped over the edges of the pool, he felt for the blade 
with his numb feet. He only wanted to dive once. 

Harry put off the moment of total submersion from 
second to second, gasping and shaking, until he told 
himself that it must be done, gathered all his courage, 
and dived. 

The cold was agony: It attacked him like fire. His 
brain itself seemed to have frozen as he pushed 
through the dark water to the bottom and reached 
out, groping for the sword. His fingers closed around 
the hilt; he pulled it upward. 

Then something closed tight around his neck. He 
thought of water weeds, though nothing had brushed 
him as he dived, and raised his empty hand to free 
himself. It was not weed: The chain of the Horcrux 
had tightened and was slowly constricting his 
windpipe. 

  416 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




Harry kicked out wildly, trying to push himself back 
to the surface, but merely propelled himself into the 
rocky side of the pool. Thrashing, suffocating, he 
scrabbled at the strangling chain, his frozen fingers 
unable to loosen it, and now little lights were popping 
inside his head, and he was going to drown, there was 
nothing left, nothing he could do, and the arms that 
closed around his chest were surely Deaths. ... 

Choking and retching, soaking and colder than he 
had ever been in his life, he came to facedown in the 
snow. Somewhere close by, another person was 
panting and coughing and staggering around. 
Hermione had come again, as she had come when the 
snake attacked. ... Yet it did not sound like her, not 
with those deep coughs, not judging by the weight of 
the footsteps. ... 

Harry had no strength to lift his head and see his 
saviors identity. All he could do was raise a shaking 
hand to his throat and feel the place where the locket 
had cut tightly into his flesh. It was gone: Someone 
had cut him free. Then a panting voice spoke from 
over his head. 

Are  you  mental? 

Nothing but the shock of hearing that voice could 
have given Harry the strength to get up. Shivering 
violently, he staggered to his feet. There before him 
stood Ron, fully dressed but drenched to the skin, his 
hair plastered to his face, the sword of Gryffindor in 
one hand and the Horcrux dangling from its broken 
chain in the other. 

Why the hell, panted Ron, holding up the Horcrux, 
which swung backward and forward on its shortened 
chain in some parody of hypnosis, didnt you take 
this thing off before you dived? 

  417 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry could not answer. The silver doe was nothing, 
nothing compared with Rons reappearance; he could 
not believe it. Shuddering with cold, he caught up the 
pile of clothes still lying at the waters edge and began 
to pull them on. As he dragged sweater after sweater 
over his head, Harry stared at Ron, half expecting him 
to have disappeared every time he lost sight of him, 
and yet he had to be real: He had just dived into the 
pool, he had saved Harrys life. 

It was yyou? Harry said at last, his teeth 
chattering, his voice weaker than usual due to his 
nearstrangulation. 

Well, yeah, said Ron, looking slightly confused. 
Yyou cast that doe? 

What? No, of course not! I thought it was you doing 
it! 



My Patronus is a stag. 

Oh yeah. I thought it looked different. No antlers. 

Harry put Hagrids pouch back around his neck, 
pulled on a final sweater, stooped to pick up 
Hermiones wand, and faced Ron again. 

How come youre here? 

Apparently Ron had hoped that this point would come 
up later, if at all. 

Well, Ive  you know  Ive come back. If   He 
cleared his throat. You know. You still want me. 

There was a pause, in which the subject of Rons 
departure seemed to rise like a wall between them. 

  418 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yet he was here. He had returned. He had just saved 
Harrys life. 

Ron looked down at his hands. He seemed 
momentarily surprised to see the things he was 
holding. 

Oh yeah, I got it out, he said, rather unnecessarily, 
holding up the sword for Harrys inspection. Thats 
why you jumped in, right? 

Yeah, said Harry. But I dont understand. How did 
you get here? How did you find us? 

Long story, said Ron. Ive been looking for you for 
hours, its a big forest, isnt it? And I was just 
thinking Id have to kip under a tree and wait for 
morning when I saw that deer coming and you 
following. 

You didnt see anyone else? 

No, said Ron. I   

But he hesitated, glancing at two trees growing close 
together some yards away. 

I did think I saw something move over there, but I 
was running to the pool at the time, because youd 
gone in and you hadnt come up, so I wasnt going to 
make a detour to  hey! 

Harry was already hurrying to the place Ron had 
indicated. The two oaks grew close together; there 
was a gap of only a few inches between the trunks at 
eye level, an ideal place to see but not be seen. The 
ground around the roots, however, was free of snow, 
and Harry could see no sign of footprints. He walked 



  419 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




back to where Ron stood waiting, still holding the 
sword and the Horcrux. 



Anything there? Ron asked. 

No, said Harry. 

So how did the sword get in that pool? 

Whoever cast the Patronus must have put it there. 

They both looked at the ornate silver sword, its rubied 
hilt glinting a little in the light from Hermiones wand. 

You reckon this is the real one? asked Ron. 

One way to find out, isnt there? said Harry. 

The Horcrux was still swinging from Rons hand. The 
locket was twitching slightly. Harry knew that the 
thing inside it was agitated again. It had sensed the 
presence of the sword and had tried to kill Harry 
rather than let him possess it. Now was not the time 
for long discussions; now was the moment to destroy 
the locket once and for all. Harry looked around, 
holding Hermiones wand high, and saw the place: a 
flattish rock lying in the shadow of a sycamore tree. 

Come here, he said, and he led the way, brushed 
snow from the rocks surface, and held out his hand 
for the Horcrux. When Ron offered the sword, 
however, Harry shook his head. 

No, you should do it. 

Me? said Ron, looking shocked. Why? 

Because you got the sword out of the pool. I think its 
supposed to be you. 

  420 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He was not being kind or generous. As certainly as he 
had known that the doe was benign, he knew that 
Ron had to be the one to wield the sword. 

Dumbledore had at least taught Harry something 
about certain kinds of magic, of the incalculable 
power of certain acts. 

Im going to open it, said Harry, and you stab it. 
Straightaway, okay? Because whatevers in there will 
put up a fight. The bit of Riddle in the diary tried to 
kill me. 

How are you going to open it? asked Ron. He looked 
terrified. 

Im going to ask it to open, using Parseltongue, said 
Harry. The answer came so readily to his lips that he 
thought that he had always known it deep down: 
Perhaps it had taken his recent encounter with Nagini 
to make him realize it. He looked at the serpentine S, 
inlaid with glittering green stones: It was easy to 
visualize it as a minuscule snake, curled upon the 
cold rock. 

No! said Ron. No, dont open it! Im serious! 

Why not? asked Harry. Lets get rid of the damn 
thing, its been months   

I cant, Harry, Im serious  you do it   

But why? 

Because that things bad for me! said Ron, backing 
away from the locket on the rock. I cant handle it! 

Im not making excuses, Harry, for what I was like, 
but it affects me worse than it affected you and 
Hermione, it made me think stuff  stuff I was 
thinking anyway, but it made everything worse, I 
  421 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




cant explain it, and then Id take it off and Id get my 
head on straight again, and then Id have to put the 
effing thing back on  I cant do it, Harry! 

He had backed away, the sword dragging at his side, 
shaking his head. 

You can do it, said Harry, you can! Youve just got 
the sword, I know its supposed to be you who uses it. 
Please, just get rid of it, Ron. 

The sound of his name seemed to act like a stimulant. 
Ron swallowed, then, still breathing hard through his 
long nose, moved back toward the rock. 

Tell me when, he croaked. 

On three, said Harry, looking back down at the 
locket and narrowing his eyes, concentrating on the 
letter S, imagining a serpent, while the contents of the 
locket rattled like a trapped cockroach. It would have 
been easy to pity it, except that the cut around 
Harrys neck still burned. 

One ... two ... three ... open. 

The last word came as a hiss and a snarl and the 
golden doors of the locket swung wide with a little 
click. 

Behind both of the glass windows within blinked a 
living eye, dark and handsome as Tom Riddles eyes 
had been before he turned them scarlet and slit 
pupiled. 

Stab, said Harry, holding the locket steady on the 
rock. 



  422 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron raised the sword in his shaking hands: The point 
dangled over the frantically swiveling eyes, and Harry 
gripped the locket tightly, bracing himself, already 
imagining blood pouring from the empty windows. 

Then a voice hissed from out of the Horcrux. 

I have seen your heart, and it is mine. 

Dont listen to it! Harry said harshly. Stab it! 

I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have 
seen your fears. All you desire is possible, but all that 
you dread is also possible. ... 

Stab! shouted Harry; his voice echoed off the 
surrounding trees, the sword point trembled, and Ron 
gazed down into Riddles eyes. 

 Least loved, always, by the mother who craved a 
daughter . . . Least loved, now, by the girl who prefers 
your friend . . . Second best, always, eternally 
overshadowed ... 

Ron, stab it now! Harry bellowed: He could feel the 
locket quivering in his grip and was scared of what 
was coming. Ron raised the sword still higher, and as 
he did so, Riddles eyes gleamed scarlet. 

Out of the lockets two windows, out of the eyes, there 
bloomed, like two grotesque bubbles, the heads of 
Harry and Hermione, weirdly distorted. 

Ron yelled in shock and backed away as the figures 
blossomed out of the locket, first chests, then waists, 
then legs, until they stood in the locket, side by side 
like trees with a common root, swaying over Ron and 
the real Harry, who had snatched his fingers away 
from the locket as it burned, suddenly, whitehot. 
  423 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron! he shouted, but the RiddleHarry was now 
speaking with Voldemorts voice and Ron was gazing, 
mesmerized, into its face. 

 Why return? We were better without you, happier 
without you, glad of your absence. . . . We laughed at 
your stupidity, your cowardice, your presumption   

 Presumption? echoed the RiddleHermione, who was 
more beautiful and yet more terrible than the real 
Hermione: She swayed, cackling, before Ron, who 
looked horrified yet transfixed, the sword hanging 
pointlessly at his side.  Who could look at you, who 
would ever look at you, beside Harry Potter? What 
have you ever done, compared with the Chosen One? 
What are you, compared with the Boy Who Lived? 

Ron, stab it, STAB IT! Harry yelled, but Ron did not 
move: His eyes were wide, and the RiddleHarry and 
the RiddleHermione were reflected in them, their hair 
swirling like flames, their eyes shining red, their 
voices lifted in an evil duet. 

 Your mother confessed, sneered RiddleHarry, while 
RiddleHermione jeered, that she would have 
preferred me as a son, would be glad to exchange ... 

Who wouldnt prefer him, what woman would take 
you, you are nothing, nothing, nothing to him, crooned 
RiddleHermione, and she stretched like a snake and 
entwined herself around RiddleHarry, wrapping him 
in a close embrace: Their lips met. 

On the ground in front of them, Rons face filled with 
anguish. He raised the sword high, his arms shaking. 

Do it, Ron! Harry yelled. 



  424 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron looked toward him, and Harry thought he saw a 
trace of scarlet in his eyes. 

Ron  ? 

The sword flashed, plunged: Harry threw himself out 
of the way, there was a clang of metal and a long, 
drawnout scream. Harry whirled around, slipping in 
the snow, wand held ready to defend himself: but 
there was nothing to fight. 

The monstrous versions of himself and Hermione 
were gone: There was only Ron, standing there with 
the sword held slackly in his hand, looking down at 
the shattered remains of the locket on the flat rock. 

Slowly, Harry walked back to him, hardly knowing 
what to say or do. Ron was breathing heavily: His 
eyes were no longer red at all, but their normal blue; 
they were also wet. 

Harry stooped, pretending he had not seen, and 
picked up the broken Horcrux. Ron had pierced the 
glass in both windows: Riddles eyes were gone, and 
the stained silk lining of the locket was smoking 
slightly. The thing that had lived in the Horcrux had 
vanished; torturing Ron had been its final act. 

The sword clanged as Ron dropped it. He had sunk to 
his knees, his head in his arms. He was shaking, but 
not, Harry realized, from cold. Harry crammed the 
broken locket into his pocket, knelt down beside Ron, 
and placed a hand cautiously on his shoulder. He 
took it as a good sign that Ron did not throw it off. 

After you left, he said in a low voice, grateful for the 
fact that Rons face was hidden, she cried for a week. 
Probably longer, only she didnt want me to see. There 



  425 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




were loads of nights when we never even spoke to 
each other. With you gone ... 

He could not finish; it was only now that Ron was 
here again that Harry fully realized how much his 
absence had cost them. 

Shes like my sister, he went on. I love her like a 
sister and I reckon she feels the same way about me. 
Its always been like that. I thought you knew. 

Ron did not respond, but turned his face away from 
Harry and wiped his nose noisily on his sleeve. Harry 
got to his feet again and walked to where Rons 
enormous rucksack lay yards away, discarded as Ron 
had run toward the pool to save Harry from drowning. 
He hoisted it onto his own back and walked back to 
Ron, who clambered to his feet as Harry approached, 
eyes bloodshot but otherwise composed. 

Im sorry, he said in a thick voice. Im sorry I left. I 
know I was a  a   

He looked around at the darkness, as if hoping a bad 
enough word would swoop down upon him and claim 
him. 

Youve sort of made up for it tonight, said Harry. 
Getting the sword. Finishing off the Horcrux. Saving 
my life. 

That makes me sound a lot cooler than I was, Ron 
mumbled. 

Stuff like that always sounds cooler than it really 
was, said Harry. Ive been trying to tell you that for 
years. 



  426 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Simultaneously they walked forward and hugged, 
Harry gripping the stillsopping back of Rons jacket. 

And now, said Harry as they broke apart, all weve 
got to do is find the tent again. 

But it was not difficult. Though the walk through the 
dark forest with the doe had seemed lengthy, with 
Ron by his side the journey back seemed to take a 
surprisingly short time. Harry could not wait to wake 
Hermione, and it was with quickening excitement that 
he entered the tent, Ron lagging a little behind him. 

It was gloriously warm after the pool and the forest, 
the only illumination the bluebell flames still 
shimmering in a bowl on the floor. Hermione was fast 
asleep, curled up under her blankets, and did not 
move until Harry had said her name several times. 

Hermionel 

She stirred, then sat up quickly, pushing her hair out 
of her face. 

Whats wrong? Harry? Are you all right? 

Its okay, everythings fine. More than fine. Im great. 
Theres someone here. 

What do you mean? Who  ? 

She saw Ron, who stood there holding the sword and 
dripping onto the threadbare carpet. Harry backed 
into a shadowy corner, slipped off Rons rucksack, 
and attempted to blend in with the canvas. 

Hermione slid out of her bunk and moved like a 
sleepwalker toward Ron, her eyes upon his pale face. 
She stopped right in front of him, her lips slightly 

  427 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




parted, her eyes wide. Ron gave a weak, hopeful smile 
and half raised his arms. 

Hermione launched herself forward and started 
punching every inch of him that she could reach. 

Ouch  ow  gerroff! What the  ? Hermione  
OW! 

You  complete  arse  Ronald  Weasley! 

She punctuated every word with a blow: Ron backed 
away, shielding his head as Hermione advanced. 

You  crawl  back  here  after  weeks  and 
 weeks  oh, wheres my wand? 

She looked as though ready to wrestle it out of 
Harrys hands and he reacted instinctively. 

Protegol 

The invisible shield erupted between Ron and 
Hermione: The force of it knocked her backward onto 
the floor. Spitting hair out of her mouth, she leapt up 
again. 

Hermione! said Harry. Calm   

I will not calm down! she screamed. Never before 
had he seen her lose control like this; she looked 
quite demented. Give me back my wand! Give it back 
to me\ 

Hermione, will you please   

Dont you tell me what to do, Harry Potter! she 
screeched. Dont you dare! Give it back now! And 
YOU! 

  428 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She was pointing at Ron in dire accusation: It was 
like a malediction, and Harry could not blame Ron for 
retreating several steps. 

I came running after you! I called you! I begged you 
to come back! 

I know, Ron said, Hermione, Im sorry, Im really  



Oh, youre sorry! 

She laughed, a highpitched, outofcontrol sound; 
Ron looked at Harry for help, but Harry merely 
grimaced his helplessness. 

You come back after weeks  weeks  and you 
think its all going to be all right if you just say 
sorry? 

Well, what else can I say? Ron shouted, and Harry 
was glad that Ron was fighting back. 

Oh, I dont know! yelled Hermione with awful 
sarcasm. Rack your brains, Ron, that should only 
take a couple of seconds   

Hermione, interjected Harry, who considered this a 
low blow, he just saved my   

I dont care! she screamed. I dont care what hes 
done! Weeks and weeks, we could have been dead for 
all he knew   

I knew you werent dead! bellowed Ron, drowning 
her voice for the first time, and approaching as close 
as he could with the Shield Charm between them. 
Harrys all over the Prophet, all over the radio, theyre 
looking for you everywhere, all these rumors and 
  429 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




mental stories, I knew Id hear straight off if you were 
dead, you dont know what its been like   



What its been like for you? 

Her voice was now so shrill only bats would be able to 
hear it soon, but she had reached a level of 
indignation that rendered her temporarily speechless, 
and Ron seized his opportunity. 

I wanted to come back the minute Id Disapparated, 
but I walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, 
Hermione, and I couldnt go anywhere! 

A gang of what? asked Harry, as Hermione threw 
herself down into a chair with her arms and legs 
crossed so tightly it seemed unlikely that she would 
unravel them for several years. 

Snatchers, said Ron. Theyre everywhere  gangs 
trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggleborns and 
blood traitors, theres a reward from the Ministry for 
everyone captured. I was on my own and I look like I 
might be school age; they got really excited, thought I 
was a Muggleborn in hiding. I had to talk fast to get 
out of being dragged to the Ministry. 

What did you say to them? 

Told them I was Stan Shunpike. First person I could 
think of. 

And they believed that? 

They werent the brightest. One of them was 
definitely part troll, the smell off him. ... 

Ron glanced at Hermione, clearly hopeful she might 
soften at this small instance of humor, but her 

  430 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




expression remained stony above her tightly knotted 
limbs. 

Anyway, they had a row about whether I was Stan or 
not. It was a bit pathetic to be honest, but there were 
still five of them and only one of me and theyd taken 
my wand. Then two of them got into a fight and while 
the others were distracted I managed to hit the one 
holding me in the stomach, grabbed his wand, 
Disarmed the bloke holding mine, and Disapparated. 

I didnt do it so well, Splinched myself again  Ron 
held up his right hand to show two missing 
fingernails; Hermione raised her eyebrows coldly  
and I came out miles from where you were. By the 
time I got back to that bit of riverbank where wed 
been ... youd gone. 

Gosh, what a gripping story, Hermione said in the 
lofty voice she adopted when wishing to wound. You 
must have been simply terrified. Meanwhile we went 
to Godrics Hollow and, lets think, what happened 
there, Harry? Oh yes, YouKnow Whos snake turned 
up, it nearly killed both of us, and then YouKnow 
Who himself arrived and missed us by about a 
second. 

What? Ron said, gaping from her to Harry, but 
Hermione ignored him. 

Imagine losing fingernails, Harry! That really puts 
our sufferings into perspective, doesnt it? 

Hermione, said Harry quietly, Ron just saved my 
life. 

She appeared not to have heard him. 

One thing I would like to know, though, she said, 
fixing her eyes on a spot a foot over Rons head. How 

  431 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




exactly did you find us tonight? Thats important. 

Once we know, well be able to make sure were not 
visited by anyone else we dont want to see. 

Ron glared at her, then pulled a small silver object 
from his jeans pocket. 

This. 

She had to look at Ron to see what he was showing 
them. 

The Deluminator? she asked, so surprised she 
forgot to look cold and fierce. 

It doesnt just turn the lights on and off, said Ron. I 
dont know how it works or why it happened then and 
not any other time, because Ive been wanting to come 
back ever since I left. But I was listening to the radio 
really early on Christmas morning and I heard ... I 
heard you. 

He was looking at Hermione. 

You heard me on the radio? she asked 
incredulously. 

No, I heard you coming out of my pocket. Your 
voice, he held up the Deluminator again, came out 
of this. 

And what exactly did I say? asked Hermione, her 
tone somewhere between skepticism and curiosity. 

My name. Ron. And you said ... something about a 
wand. ... 

Hermione turned a fiery shade of scarlet. Harry 
remembered: It had been the first time Rons name 

  432 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




had been said aloud by either of them since the day 
he had left; Hermione had mentioned it when talking 
about repairing Harrys wand. 

So I took it out, Ron went on, looking at the 
Deluminator, and it didnt seem different or 
anything, but I was sure Id heard you. So I clicked it. 
And the light went out in my room, but another light 
appeared right outside the window. 

Ron raised his empty hand and pointed in front of 
him, his eyes focused on something neither Harry nor 
Hermione could see. 

It was a ball of light, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like 
that light you get around a Portkey, you know? 

Yeah, said Harry and Hermione together 
automatically. 

I knew this was it, said Ron. I grabbed my stuff and 
packed it, then I put on my rucksack and went out 
into the garden. 

The little ball of light was hovering there, waiting for 
me, and when I came out it bobbed along a bit and I 
followed it behind the shed and then it ... well, it went 
inside me. 

Sorry? said Harry, sure he had not heard correctly. 

It sort of floated toward me, said Ron, illustrating 
the movement with his free index finger, right to my 
chest, and then  it just went straight through. It 
was here, he touched a point close to his heart, I 
could feel it, it was hot. And once it was inside me I 
knew what I was supposed to do, I knew it would take 
me where I needed to go. So I Disapparated and came 



  433 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




out on the side of a hill. There was snow everywhere. 



We were there, said Harry. We spent two nights 
there, and the second night I kept thinking I could 
hear someone moving around in the dark and calling 
out! 

Yeah, well, that wouldve been me, said Ron. Your 
protective spells work, anyway, because I couldnt see 
you and I couldnt hear you. I was sure you were 
around, though, so in the end I got in my sleeping bag 
and waited for one of you to appear. I thought youd 
have to show yourselves when you packed up the 
tent. 

No, actually, said Hermione. Weve been 
Disapparating under the Invisibility Cloak as an extra 
precaution. And we left really early, because, as Harry 
says, wed heard somebody blundering around. 

Well, I stayed on that hill all day, said Ron. I kept 
hoping youd appear. But when it started to get dark I 
knew I must have missed you, so I clicked the 
Deluminator again, the blue light came out and went 
inside me, and I Disapparated and arrived here in 
these woods. I still couldnt see you, so I just had to 
hope one of you would show yourselves in the end  
and Harry did. Well, I saw the doe first, obviously. 

You saw the what? said Hermione sharply. 

They explained what had happened, and as the story 
of the silver doe and the sword in the pool unfolded, 
Hermione frowned from one to the other of them, 
concentrating so hard she forgot to keep her limbs 
locked together. 



  434 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But it must have been a Patronus! she said. 
Couldnt you see who was casting it? Didnt you see 
anyone? And it led you to the sword! I cant believe 
this! Then what happened? 

Ron explained how he had watched Harry jump into 
the pool and had waited for him to resurface; how he 
had realized that something was wrong, dived in, and 
saved Harry, then returned for the sword. He got as 
far as the opening of the locket, then hesitated, and 
Harry cut in. 

  and Ron stabbed it with the sword. 

And ... and it went? Just like that? she whispered. 

Well, it  it screamed, said Harry with half a glance 
at Ron. Here. 

He threw the locket into her lap; gingerly she picked it 
up and examined its punctured windows. 

Deciding that it was at last safe to do so, Harry 
removed the Shield Charm with a wave of Hermiones 
wand and turned to Ron. 

Did you just say you got away from the Snatchers 
with a spare wand? 

What? said Ron, who had been watching Hermione 
examining the locket. Oh  oh yeah. 

He tugged open a buckle on his rucksack and pulled 
a short, dark wand out of its pocket. Here. I figured 
its always handy to have a backup. 

You were right, said Harry, holding out his hand. 
Mines broken. 



  435 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youre kidding? Ron said, but at that moment 
Hermione got to her feet, and he looked apprehensive 
again. 

Hermione put the vanquished Horcrux into the 
beaded bag, then climbed back into her bed and 
settled down without another word. 

Ron passed Harry the new wand. 

About the best you could hope for, I think, 
murmured Harry. 

Yeah, said Ron. Couldve been worse. Remember 
those birds she set on me? 

I still havent ruled it out, came Hermiones muffled 
voice from beneath her blankets, but Harry saw Ron 
smiling slightly as he pulled his maroon pajamas out 
of his rucksack. 



  436 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   





XEN OPHILIUS LOVEGOOD 

Harry had not expected Hermiones anger to abate 
overnight, and was therefore unsurprised that she 
communicated mainly by dirty looks and pointed 
silences the next morning. Ron responded by 
maintaining an unnaturally somber demeanor in her 
presence as an outward sign of continuing remorse. 

In fact, when all three of them were together Harry 
felt like the only nonmourner at a poorly attended 
funeral. During those few moments he spent alone 
with Harry, however (collecting water and searching 
the undergrowth for mushrooms), Ron became 
shamelessly cheery. 

Someone helped us, he kept saying. Someone sent 
that doe. Someones on our side. One Horcrux down, 
mate! 

Bolstered by the destruction of the locket, they set to 
debating the possible locations of the other 
Horcruxes, and even though they had discussed the 
matter so often before, Harry felt optimistic, certain 
that more breakthroughs would succeed the first. 

  437 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Hermiones sulkiness could not mar his buoyant 
spirits: The sudden upswing in their fortunes, the 
appearance of the mysterious doe, the recovery of 
Gryffindors sword, and above all, Rons return, made 
Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain 
a straight face. 

Late in the afternoon he and Ron escaped Hermiones 
baleful presence again, and under the pretense of 
scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent 
blackberries, they continued their ongoing exchange 
of news. Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the 
whole story of his and Hermiones various 
wanderings, right up to the full story of what had 
happened at Godrics Hollow; Ron was now filling 
Harry in on everything he had discovered about the 
wider Wizarding world during his weeks away. 

"... and how did you find out about the Taboo? he 
asked Harry after explaining the many desperate 
attempts of Muggleborns to evade the Ministry. 

The what? 

You and Hermione have stopped saying YouKnow 
Whos name! 

Oh, yeah. Well, its just a bad habit weve slipped 
into, said Harry. But I havent got a problem calling 
him V   

NO! roared Ron, causing Harry to jump into the 
hedge and Hermione (nose buried in a book at the 
tent entrance) to scowl over at them. Sorry, said 
Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the brambles, but 
the names been jinxed, Harry, thats how they track 
people! Using his name breaks protective 
enchantments, it causes some kind of magical 



  438 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




disturbance  its how they found us in Tottenham 
Court Road! 



Because we used his name? 

Exactly! Youve got to give them credit, it makes 
sense. It was only people who were serious about 
standing up to him, like Dumbledore, who ever dared 
use it. Now theyve put a Taboo on it, anyone who 
says it is trackable  quickandeasy way to find 
Order members! They nearly got Kingsley   

Youre kidding? 

Yeah, a bunch of Death Eaters cornered him, Bill 
said, but he fought his way out. Hes on the run now, 
just like us. Ron scratched his chin thoughtfully with 
the end of his wand. You dont reckon Kingsley could 
have sent that doe? 

His Patronus is a lynx, we saw it at the wedding, 
remember? 

Oh yeah ... 

They moved farther along the hedge, away from the 
tent and Hermione. 

Harry ... you dont reckon it couldve been 
Dumbledore? 

Dumbledore what? 

Ron looked a little embarrassed, but said in a low 
voice, Dumbledore ... the doe? I mean, Ron was 
watching Harry out of the corners of his eyes, he had 
the real sword last, didnt he? 



  439 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry did not laugh at Ron, because he understood 
too well the longing behind the question. The idea 
that Dumbledore had managed to come back to them, 
that he was watching over them, would have been 
inexpressibly comforting. He shook his head. 

Dumbledores dead, he said. I saw it happen, I saw 
the body. Hes definitely gone. Anyway, his Patronus 
was a phoenix, not a doe. 

Patronuses can change, though, cant they? said 
Ron. Tonkss changed, didnt it? 

Yeah, but if Dumbledore was alive, why wouldnt he 
show himself? Why wouldnt he just hand us the 
sword? 

Search me, said Ron. Same reason he didnt give it 
to you while he was alive? Same reason he left you an 
old Snitch and Hermione a book of kids stories? 

Which is what? asked Harry, turning to look Ron 
full in the face, desperate for the answer. 

I dunno, said Ron. Sometimes Ive thought, when 
Ive been a bit hacked off, he was having a laugh or  
or he just wanted to make it more difficult. But I dont 
think so, not anymore. He knew what he was doing 
when he gave me the Deluminator, didnt he? He  
well, Rons ears turned bright red and he became 
engrossed in a tuft of grass at his feet, which he 
prodded with his toe, he mustve known Id run out 
on you. 

No, Harry corrected him. He mustve known youd 
always want to come back. 

Ron looked grateful, but still awkward. Partly to 
change the subject, Harry said, Speaking of 

  440 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dumbledore, have you heard what Skeeter wrote 
about him? 

Oh yeah, said Ron at once, people are talking about 
it quite a lot. Course, if things were different, itd be 
huge news, Dumbledore being pals with Grindelwald, 
but now its just something to laugh about for people 
who didnt like Dumbledore, and a bit of a slap in the 
face for everyone who thought he was such a good 
bloke. I dont know that its such a big deal, though. 
He was really young when they   

Our age, said Harry, just as he had retorted to 
Hermione, and something in his face seemed to 
decide Ron against pursuing the subject. 

A large spider sat in the middle of a frosted web in the 
brambles. Harry took aim at it with the wand Ron had 
given him the previous night, which Hermione had 
since condescended to examine, and had decided was 
made of blackthorn. 

Engorgio. 

The spider gave a little shiver, bouncing slightly in the 
web. Harry tried again. This time the spider grew 
slightly larger. 

Stop that, said Ron sharply. Im sorry I said 
Dumbledore was young, okay? 

Harry had forgotten Rons hatred of spiders. 

Sorry  Reducio. 

The spider did not shrink. Harry looked down at the 
blackthorn wand. Every minor spell he had cast with 
it so far that day had seemed less powerful than those 
he had produced with his phoenix wand. The new one 

  441 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




felt intrusively unfamiliar, like having somebody elses 
hand sewn to the end of his arm. 

You just need to practice, said Hermione, who had 
approached them noiselessly from behind and had 
stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to enlarge 
and reduce the spider. Its all a matter of confidence, 
Harry. 

He knew why she wanted it to be all right: She still 
felt guilty about breaking his wand. He bit back the 
retort that sprang to his lips, that she could take the 
blackthorn wand if she thought it made no difference, 
and he would have hers instead. Keen for them all to 
be friends again, however, he agreed; but when Ron 
gave Hermione a tentative smile, she stalked off and 
vanished behind her book once more. 

All three of them returned to the tent when darkness 
fell, and Harry took first watch. Sitting in the 
entrance, he tried to make the blackthorn wand 
levitate small stones at his feet; but his magic still 
seemed clumsier and less powerful than it had done 
before. Hermione was lying on her bunk reading, 
while Ron, after many nervous glances up at her, had 
taken a small wooden wireless out of his rucksack 
and started to try and tune it. 

Theres this one program, he told Harry in a low 
voice, that tells the news like it really is. All the 
others are on You Know Whos side and are following 
the Ministry line, but this one ... you wait till you 
hear it, its great. Only they cant do it every night, 
they have to keep changing locations in case theyre 
raided, and you need a password to tune in. ... 

Trouble is, I missed the last one. ... 

He drummed lightly on the top of the radio with his 
wand, muttering random words under his breath. He 

  442 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




threw Hermione many covert glances, plainly fearing 
an angry outburst, but for all the notice she took of 
him he might not have been there. For ten minutes or 
so Ron tapped and muttered, Hermione turned the 
s of her book, and Harry continued to practice 
with the blackthorn wand. 

Finally Hermione climbed down from her bunk. Ron 
ceased his tapping at once. 

If its annoying you, 111 stop! he told Hermione 
nervously. 

Hermione did not deign to respond, but approached 
Harry. 

We need to talk, she said. 

He looked at the book still clutched in her hand. It 
was The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore. 

What? he said apprehensively. It flew through his 
mind that there was a chapter on him in there; he 
was not sure he felt up to hearing Ritas version of his 
relationship with Dumbledore. Hermione s answer, 
however, was completely unexpected. 

I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood. 

He stared at her. 

Sorry? 

Xenophilius Lovegood. Lunas father. I want to go 
and talk to him! 

Er  why? 



  443 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She took a deep breath, as though bracing herself, 
and said, Its that mark, the mark in Beedle the 
Bard. Look at this! 

She thrust The Life and Lies ofAlbus Dumbledore 
under Harrys unwilling eyes and he saw a 
photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore had 
written Grindelwald, with Dumbledore s familiar thin, 
slanting handwriting. He hated seeing absolute proof 
that Dumbledore really had written those words, that 
they had not been Ritas invention. 

The signature, said Hermione. Look at the 
signature, Harry! 

He obeyed. For a moment he had no idea what she 
was talking about, but, looking more closely with the 
aid of his lit wand, he saw that Dumbledore had 
replaced the A of Albus with a tiny version of the 
same triangular mark inscribed upon The Tales of 
Beedle the Bard. 

Er  what are you  ? said Ron tentatively, but 
Hermione quelled him with a look and turned back to 
Harry. 

It keeps cropping up, doesnt it? she said. I know 
Viktor said it was Grindelwald s mark, but it was 
definitely on that old grave in Godrics Hollow, and 
the dates on the headstone were long before 
Grindelwald came along! And now this! Well, we cant 
ask Dumbledore or Grindelwald what it means  I 
dont even know whether Grindelwalds still alive  
but we can ask Mr. Lovegood. He was wearing the 
symbol at the wedding. Im sure this is important, 
Harry! 

Harry did not answer immediately. He looked into her 
intense, eager face and then out into the surrounding 

  444 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




darkness, thinking. After a long pause he said, 
Hermione, we dont need another Godrics Hollow. 

We talked ourselves into going there, and   

But it keeps appearing, Harry! Dumbledore left me 
The Tales of Beedle the Bard, how do you know were 
not supposed to find out about the sign? 

Here we go again! Harry felt slightly exasperated. 

We keep trying to convince ourselves Dumbledore left 
us secret signs and clues   

The Deluminator turned out to be pretty useful, 
piped up Ron. I think Hermiones right, I think we 
ought to go and see Lovegood. 

Harry threw him a dark look. He was quite sure that 
Rons support of Hermione had little to do with a 
desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune. 

It wont be like Godrics Hollow, Ron added, 
Lovegoods on your side, Harry, The Quibblers been 
for you all along, it keeps telling everyone theyve got 
to help you! 

Im sure this is important! said Hermione earnestly. 

But dont you think if it was, Dumbledore would 
have told me about it before he died? 

Maybe ... maybe its something you need to find out 
for yourself, said Hermione with a faint air of 
clutching at straws. 

Yeah, said Ron sycophantically, that makes sense. 

No, it doesnt, snapped Hermione, but I still think 
we ought to talk to Mr. Lovegood. A symbol that links 



  445 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Godrics Hollow? 
Harry, Im sure we ought to know about this! 



I think we should vote on it, said Ron. Those in 
favor of going to see Lovegood   

His hand flew into the air before Hermiones. Her lips 
quivered suspiciously as she raised her own. 

Outvoted, Harry, sorry, said Ron, clapping him on 
the back. 

Fine, said Harry, half amused, half irritated. Only, 
once weve seen Lovegood, lets try and look for some 
more Horcruxes, shall we? Where do the Lovegoods 
live, anyway? Do either of you know? 

Yeah, theyre not far from my place, said Ron. I 
dunno exactly where, but Mum and Dad always point 
toward the hills whenever they mention them. 
Shouldnt be hard to find. 

When Hermione had returned to her bunk, Harry 
lowered his voice. 

You only agreed to try and get back in her good 
books. 

Alls fair in love and war, said Ron brightly, and 
this is a bit of both. Cheer up, its the Christmas 
holidays, Luna ll be home! 

They had an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. 
Catchpole from the breezy hillside to which they 
Disapparated next morning. From their high vantage 
point the village looked like a collection of toy houses 
in the great slanting shafts of sunlight stretching to 
earth in the breaks between clouds. They stood for a 
minute or two looking toward the Burrow, their hands 
  446 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




shadowing their eyes, but all they could make out 
were the high hedges and trees of the orchard, which 
afforded the crooked little house protection from 
Muggle eyes. 

Its weird, being this near, but not going to visit, 
said Ron. 

Well, its not like you havent just seen them. You 
were there for Christmas, said Hermione coldly. 

I wasnt at the Burrow! said Ron with an 
incredulous laugh. Do you think I was going to go 
back there and tell them all Id walked out on you? 
Yeah, Fred and George wouldve been great about it. 
And Ginny, shed have been really understanding. 

But where have you been, then? asked Hermione, 
surprised. 

Bill and Fleurs new place. Shell Cottage. Bills 
always been decent to me. He  he wasnt impressed 
when he heard what Id done, but he didnt go on 
about it. He knew I was really sorry. None of the rest 
of the family know I was there. Bill told Mum he and 
Fleur werent going home for Christmas because they 
wanted to spend it alone. You know, first holiday after 
they were married. I dont think Fleur minded. You 
know how much she hates Celestina Warbeck. 

Ron turned his back on the Burrow. 

Lets try up here, he said, leading the way over the 
top of the hill. 

They walked for a few hours, Harry, at Hermione s 
insistence, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak. The 
cluster of low hills appeared to be uninhabited apart 
from one small cottage, which seemed deserted. 

  447 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Do you think its theirs, and theyve gone away for 
Christmas? said Hermione, peering through the 
window at a neat little kitchen with geraniums on the 
windowsill. Ron snorted. 

Listen, Ive got a feeling youd be able to tell who lived 
there if you looked through the Lovegoods window. 
Lets try the next lot of hills. 

So they Disapparated a few miles farther north. 

Aha! shouted Ron, as the wind whipped their hair 
and clothes. Ron was pointing upward, toward the top 
of the hill on which they had appeared, where a most 
strangelooking house rose vertically against the sky, 
a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hanging 
behind it in the afternoon sky. Thats got to be 
Lunas house, who else would live in a place like that? 
It looks like a giant rook! 

Its nothing like a bird, said Hermione, frowning at 
the tower. 

I was talking about a chess rook, said Ron. A castle 
to you. 

Rons legs were the longest and he reached the top of 
the hill first. When Harry and Hermione caught up 
with him, panting and clutching stitches in their 
sides, they found him grinning broadly. 

Its theirs, said Ron. Look. 

Three handpainted signs had been tacked to a 
brokendown gate. The first read, 

THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR: X. LOVEGOOD 

the second, 

  448 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOE 



the third, 

KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS 

The gate creaked as they opened it. The zigzagging 
path leading to the front door was overgrown with a 
variety of odd plants, including a bush covered in the 
orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wore as 
earrings. Harry thought he recognized a Snargaluff 
and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. Two aged 
crab apple trees, bent with the wind, stripped of 
leaves but still heavy with berrysized red fruits and 
bushy crowns of whitebeaded mistletoe, stood 
sentinel on either side of the front door. A little owl 
with a slightly flattened, hawklike head peered down 
at them from one of the branches. 

Youd better take off the Invisibility Cloak, Harry, 
said Hermione. Its you Mr. Lovegood wants to help, 
not us. 

He did as she suggested, handing her the Cloak to 
stow in the beaded bag. She then rapped three times 
on the thick black door, which was studded with iron 
nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle. 

Barely ten seconds passed, then the door was flung 
open and there stood Xenophilius Lovegood, barefoot 
and wearing what appeared to be a stained nightshirt 
His long white candyfloss hair was dirty and 
unkempt. Xenophilius had been positively dapper at 
Bill and Fleurs wedding by comparison. 

What? What is it? Who are you? What do you want? 
he cried in a highpitched, querulous voice, looking 
first at Hermione, then at Ron, and finally at Harry, 



  449 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




upon which his mouth fell open in a perfect, comical 

O. 



Hello, Mr. Lovegood, said Harry, holding out his 
hand. Im Harry, Harry Potter. 

Xenophilius did not take Harrys hand, although the 
eye that was not pointing inward at his nose slid 
straight to the scar on Harrys forehead. 

Would it be okay if we came in? asked Harry. 
Theres something wed like to ask you. 

I ... Im not sure thats advisable, whispered 
Xenophilius. He swallowed and cast a quick look 
around the garden. Rather a shock ... My word ... I 
... Im afraid I dont really think I ought to   

It wont take long, said Harry, slightly disappointed 
by this lessthanwarm welcome. 

I  oh, all right then. Come in, quickly. QuicklyV 

They were barely over the threshold when Xenophilius 
slammed the door shut behind them. They were 
standing in the most peculiar kitchen Harry had ever 
seen. The room was perfectly circular, so that it felt 
like being inside a giant pepper pot. Everything was 
curved to fit the walls  the stove, the sink, and the 
cupboards  and all of it had been painted with 
flowers, insects, and birds in bright primary colors. 
Harry thought he recognized Lunas style: The effect, 
in such an enclosed space, was slightly 
overwhelming. 

In the middle of the floor, a wroughtiron spiral 
staircase led to the upper levels. There was a great 
deal of clattering and banging coming from overhead: 
Harry wondered what Luna could be doing. 

  450 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youd better come up, said Xenophilius, still looking 
extremely uncomfortable, and he led the way. 

The room above seemed to be a combination of living 
room and workplace, and as such, was even more 
cluttered than the kitchen. Though much smaller and 
entirely round, the room somewhat resembled the 
Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion 
that it had transformed itself into a gigantic labyrinth 
comprised of centuries of hidden objects. There were 
piles upon piles of books and papers on every surface. 
Delicately made models of creatures Harry did not 
recognize, all flapping wings or snapping jaws, hung 
from the ceiling. 

Luna was not there: The thing that was making such 
a racket was a wooden object covered in magically 
turning cogs and wheels. It looked like the bizarre 
offspring of a workbench and a set of old shelves, but 
after a moment Harry deduced that it was an old 
fashioned printing press, due to the fact that it was 
churning out Quibblers. 

Excuse me, said Xenophilius, and he strode over to 
the machine, seized a grubby tablecloth from beneath 
an immense number of books and papers, which all 
tumbled onto the floor, and threw it over the press, 
somewhat muffling the loud bangs and clatters. He 
then faced Harry. 

Why have you come here? 

Before Harry could speak, however, Hermione let out 
a small cry of shock. 

Mr. Lovegood  whats that? 

She was pointing at an enormous, gray spiral horn, 
not unlike that of a unicorn, which had been 

  451 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




mounted on the wall, protruding several feet into the 
room. 

It is the horn of a CrumpleHorned Snorkack, said 
Xenophilius. 

No it isnt! said Hermione. 

Hermione, muttered Harry, embarrassed, nows not 
the moment   

But Harry, its an Erumpent horn! Its a Class B 
Tradeable Material and its an extraordinarily 
dangerous thing to have in a house! 

How dyou know its an Erumpent horn? asked Ron, 
edging away from the horn as fast as he could, given 
the extreme clutter of the room. 

Theres a description in Fantastic Beasts and Where 
to Find Them .! Mr. Lovegood, you need to get rid of it 
straightaway, dont you know it can explode at the 
slightest touch? 

The CrumpleHorned Snorkack, said Xenophilius 
very clearly, a mulish look upon his face, is a shy 
and highly magical creature, and its horn   

Mr. Lovegood, I recognize the grooved markings 
around the base, thats an Erumpent horn and its 
incredibly dangerous  I dont know where you got it 



I bought it, said Xenophilius dogmatically, two 
weeks ago, from a delightful young wizard who knew 
of my interest in the exquisite Snorkack. A Christmas 
surprise for my Luna. Now, he said, turning to 
Harry, why exactly have you come here, Mr. Potter? 



  452 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We need some help, said Harry, before Hermione 
could start again. 



Ah, said Xenophilius. Help. Hmm. 

His good eye moved again to Harrys scar. He seemed 
simultaneously terrified and mesmerized. 

Yes. The thing is ... helping Harry Potter ... rather 
dangerous ... 

Arent you the one who keeps telling everyone its 
their first duty to help Harry? said Ron. In that 
magazine of yours? 

Xenophilius glanced behind him at the concealed 
printing press, still banging and clattering beneath 
the tablecloth. 

Er  yes, I have expressed that view. However   

Thats for everyone else to do, not you personally? 
said Ron. 

Xenophilius did not answer. He kept swallowing, his 
eyes darting between the three of them. Harry had the 
impression that he was undergoing some painful 
internal struggle. 

Wheres Luna? asked Hermione. Lets see what she 
thinks. 

Xenophilius gulped. He seemed to be steeling himself. 
Finally he said in a shaky voice difficult to hear over 
the noise of the printing press, Luna is down at the 
stream, fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. She ... she 
will like to see you. Ill go and call her and then  
yes, very well. I shall try to help you. 

  453 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He disappeared down the spiral staircase and they 
heard the front door open and close. They looked at 
each other. 

Cowardly old wart, said Ron. Lunas got ten times 
his guts. 

Hes probably worried about whatll happen to them 
if the Death Eaters find out I was here, said Harry. 

Well, I agree with Ron, said Hermione. Awful old 
hypocrite, telling everyone else to help you and trying 
to worm out of it himself. And for heavens sake keep 
away from that horn. 

Harry crossed to the window on the far side of the 
room. He could see a stream, a thin, glittering ribbon 
lying far below them at the base of the hill. They were 
very high up; a bird fluttered past the window as he 
stared in the direction of the Burrow, now invisible 
beyond another line of hills. Ginny was over there 
somewhere. They were closer to each other today than 
they had been since Bill and Fleurs wedding, but she 
could have no idea he was gazing toward her now, 
thinking of her. He supposed he ought to be glad of it; 
anyone he came into contact with was in danger, 
Xenophiliuss attitude proved that. 

He turned away from the window and his gaze fell 
upon another peculiar object standing upon the 
cluttered, curved sideboard: a stone bust of a 
beautiful but austerelooking witch wearing a most 
bizarrelooking headdress. Two objects that 
resembled golden ear trumpets curved out from the 
sides. A tiny pair of glittering blue wings was stuck to 
a leather strap that ran over the top of her head, 
while one of the orange radishes had been stuck to a 
second strap around her forehead. 



  454 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Look at this, said Harry. 



Fetching, said Ron. Surprised he didnt wear that 
to the wedding. 

They heard the front door close, and a moment later 
Xenophilius had climbed back up the spiral staircase 
into the room, his thin legs now encased in 
Wellington boots, bearing a tray of illassorted 
teacups and a steaming teapot. 

Ah, you have spotted my pet invention, he said, 
shoving the tray into Hermiones arms and joining 
Harry at the statues side. Modeled, fittingly enough, 
upon the head of the beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw. 

Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasureV  

He indicated the objects like ear trumpets. 

These are the Wrackspurt siphons  to remove all 
sources of distraction from the thinkers immediate 
area. Here, he pointed out the tiny wings, a billywig 
propeller, to induce an elevated frame of mind. 
Finally, he pointed to the orange radish, the 
Dirigible Plum, so as to enhance the ability to accept 
the extraordinary. 

Xenophilius strode back to the tea tray, which 
Hermione had managed to balance precariously on 
one of the cluttered side tables. 

May I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots? said 
Xenophilius. We make it ourselves. As he started to 
pour out the drink, which was as deeply purple as 
beetroot juice, he added, Luna is down beyond 
Bottom Bridge, she is most excited that you are here. 
She ought not to be too long, she has caught nearly 
enough Plimpies to make soup for all of us. Do sit 
down and help yourselves to sugar. 

  455 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Now, he removed a tottering pile of papers from an 
armchair and sat down, his Wellingtoned legs 
crossed, how may I help you, Mr. Potter? 

Well, said Harry, glancing at Hermione, who nodded 
encouragingly, its about that symbol you were 
wearing around your neck at Bill and Fleurs 
wedding, Mr. Lovegood. We wondered what it meant. 

Xenophilius raised his eyebrows. 

Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows? 



  456 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   





THE TALE OF THE THREE 
BROTHERS 

Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of 
them seemed to have understood what Xenophilius 
had said either. 

The Deathly Hallows? 

Thats right, said Xenophilius. You havent heard of 
them? Im not surprised. Very, very few wizards 
believe. Witness that knuckleheaded young man at 
your brothers wedding, he nodded at Ron, who 
attacked me for sporting the symbol of a wellknown 
Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There is nothing Dark 
about the Hallows  at least, not in that crude sense. 
One simply uses the symbol to reveal oneself to other 
believers, in the hope that they might help one with 
the Quest. 

He stirred several lumps of sugar into his Gurdyroot 
infusion and drank some. 



  457 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Im sorry, said Harry. I still dont really 
understand. 

To be polite, he took a sip from his cup too, and 
almost gagged: The stuff was quite disgusting, as 
though someone had liquidized bogeyflavored Every 
Flavor Beans. 

Well, you see, believers seek the Deathly Hallows, 
said Xenophilius, smacking his lips in apparent 
appreciation of the Gurdyroot infusion. 

But what are the Deathly Hallows? asked Hermione. 

Xenophilius set aside his empty teacup. 

I assume that you are all familiar with The Tale of 
the Three Brothers? 

Harry said, No, but Ron and Hermione both said, 
Yes. Xenophilius nodded gravely. 

Well, well, Mr. Potter, the whole thing starts with 
The Tale of the Three Brothers ... I have a copy 
somewhere. ... 

He glanced vaguely around the room, at the piles of 
parchment and books, but Hermione said, Ive got a 
copy, Mr. Lovegood, Ive got it right here. 

And she pulled out The Tales of Beedle the Bard from 
the small, beaded bag. 

The original? inquired Xenophilius sharply, and 
when she nodded, he said, Well then, why dont you 
read it aloud? Much the best way to make sure we all 
understand. 



  458 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Er ... all right, said Hermione nervously. She opened 
the book, and Harry saw that the symbol they were 
investigating headed the top of the  as she gave a 
little cough, and began to read. 

 There were once three brothers who were traveling 
along a lonely, winding road at twilight    

Midnight, our mum always told us, said Ron, who 
had stretched out, arms behind his head, to listen. 
Hermione shot him a look of annoyance. 

Sorry, I just think its a bit spookier if its midnight! 
said Ron. 

Yeah, because we really need a bit more fear in our 
lives, said Harry before he could stop himself. 
Xenophilius did not seem to be paying much 
attention, but was staring out of the window at the 
sky. Go on, Hermione. 

 In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to 
wade through and too dangerous to swim across. 
However, these brothers were learned in the magical 
arts, and so they simply waved their wands and made 
a bridge appear across the treacherous water. They 
were halfway across it when they found their path 
blocked by a hooded figure. 

 And Death spoke to them    

Sorry, interjected Harry, but Death spoke to them? 
Its a fairy tale, Harry! 

Right, sorry. Go on. 

 And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had 
been cheated out of three new victims, for travelers 

  459 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. 
He pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon 
their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for 
having been clever enough to evade him. 

 So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, 
asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: 
a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a 
wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! 

So Death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the 
river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, 
and gave it to the oldest brother. 

 Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, 
decided that he wanted to humiliate Death still further, 
and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So 
Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave it 
to the second brother, and told him that the stone 
would have the power to bring back the dead. 

 And then Death asked the third and youngest 
brother what he would like. The youngest brother was 
the humblest and also the wisest of the brothers, and 
he did not trust Death. So he asked for something that 
would enable him to go forth from that place without 
being followed by Death. And Death, most unwillingly, 
handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility.  

Deaths got an Invisibility Cloak? Harry interrupted 
again. 

So he can sneak up on people, said Ron. 

Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, 
flapping his arms and shrieking ... sorry, Hermione. 

 Then Death stood aside and allowed the three 
brothers to continue on their way, and they did so, 
talking with wonder of the adventure they had had, 
and admiring Deaths gifts. 

  460 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 In due course the brothers separated, each for his 
own destination. 

 The first brother traveled on for a week or more, and 
reaching a distant village, sought out a fellow wizard 
with whom he had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder 
Wand as his weapon, he could not fail to win the duel 
that followed. Leaving his enemy dead upon the floor, 
the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where he 
boasted loudly of the powerful wand he had snatched 
from Death himself, and of how it made him invincible. 

 That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest 
brother as he lay, winesodden, upon his bed. The thief 
took the wand and, for good measure, slit the oldest 
brothers throat. 

 And so Death took the first brother for his own. 

 Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his own 
home, where he lived alone. Here he took out the stone 
that had the power to recall the dead, and turned it 
thrice in his hand. To his amazement and his delight, 
the figure of the girl he had once hoped to marry, 
before her untimely death, appeared at once before 
him. 

 Yet she was sad and cold, separated from him as by 
a veil. Though she had returned to the mortal world, 
she did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally the 
second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, 
killed himself so as truly to join her. 

 And so Death took the second brother for his own. 

 But though Death searched for the third brother for 
many years, he was never able to find him. It was only 
when he had attained a great age that the youngest 
brother finally took off the Cloak of Invisibility and 

  461 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




gave it to his son. And then he greeted Death as an old 
friend, and went with him gladly, and, equals, they 
departed this life.   

Hermione closed the book. It was a moment or two 
before Xenophilius seemed to realize that she had 
stopped reading, then he withdrew his gaze from the 
window and said, Well, there you are. 

Sorry? said Hermione, sounding confused. 

Those are the Deathly Hallows, said Xenophilius. 

He picked up a quill from a packed table at his elbow, 
and pulled a torn piece of parchment from between 
more books. 

The Elder Wand, he said, and he drew a straight 
vertical line upon the parchment. The Resurrection 
Stone, he said, and he added a circle on top of the 
line. The Cloak of Invisibility, he finished, enclosing 
both line and circle in a triangle, to make the symbol 
that so intrigued Hermione. Together, he said, the 
Deathly Hallows. 

But theres no mention of the words Deathly 
Hallows in the story, said Hermione. 

Well, of course not, said Xenophilius, maddeningly 
smug. That is a childrens tale, told to amuse rather 
than to instruct. Those of us who understand these 
matters, however, recognize that the ancient story 
refers to three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, 
will make the possessor master of Death. 

There was a short silence in which Xenophilius 
glanced out of the window. Already the sun was low 
in the sky. 



  462 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon, he said 
quietly. 

When you say master of Death   said Ron. 

Master, said Xenophilius, waving an airy hand. 
Conqueror. Vanquisher. Whichever term you prefer. 

But then ... do you mean ... said Hermione slowly, 
and Harry could tell that she was trying to keep any 
trace of skepticism out of her voice, that you believe 
these objects  these Hallows  actually exist? 

Xenophilius raised his eyebrows again. 

Well, of course. 

But, said Hermione, and Harry could hear her 
restraint starting to crack, Mr. Lovegood, how can 
you possibly believe  ? 

Luna has told me all about you, young lady, said 
Xenophilius. You are, I gather, not unintelligent, but 
painfully limited. Narrow. Closeminded. 

Perhaps you ought to try on the hat, Hermione, said 
Ron, nodding toward the ludicrous headdress. His 
voice shook with the strain of not laughing. 

Mr. Lovegood, Hermione began again. We all know 
that there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks. They 
are rare, but they exist. But   

Ah, but the Third Hallow is a true Cloak of 
Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to say, it is not a 
traveling cloak imbued with a Disillusionment Charm, 
or carrying a Bedazzling Hex, or else woven from 
Demiguise hair, which will hide one initially but fade 
with the years until it turns opaque. We are talking 
  463 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




about a cloak that really and truly renders the wearer 
completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving 
constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter 
what spells are cast at it. How many cloaks have you 
ever seen like that, Miss Granger? 

Hermione opened her mouth to answer, then closed it 
again, looking more confused than ever. She, Harry, 
and Ron glanced at one another, and Harry knew that 
they were all thinking the same thing. It so happened 
that a cloak exactly like the one Xenophilius had just 
described was in the room with them at that very 
moment. 

Exactly, said Xenophilius, as if he had defeated 
them all in reasoned argument. None of you have 
ever seen such a thing. The possessor would be 
immeasurably rich, would he not? 

He glanced out of the window again. The sky was now 
tinged with the faintest trace of pink. 

All right, said Hermione, disconcerted. Say the 
Cloak existed ... what about the stone, Mr. Lovegood? 
The thing you call the Resurrection Stone? 

What of it? 

Well, how can that be real? 

Prove that it is not, said Xenophilius. 

Hermione looked outraged. 

But thats  Im sorry, but thats completely 
ridiculous! How can I possibly prove it doesnt exist? 
Do you expect me to get hold of  of all the pebbles 
in the world and test them? I mean, you could claim 



  464 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that anythings real if the only basis for believing in it 
is that nobodys proved it doesnt exist! 

Yes, you could, said Xenophilius. I am glad to see 
that you are opening your mind a little. 

So the Elder Wand, said Harry quickly, before 
Hermione could retort, you think that exists too? 

Oh, well, in that case there is endless evidence, said 
Xenophilius. The Elder Wand is the Hallow that is 
most easily traced, because of the way in which it 
passes from hand to hand. 

Which is what? asked Harry. 

Which is that the possessor of the wand must 
capture it from its previous owner, if he is to be truly 
master of it, said Xenophilius. Surely you have 
heard of the way the wand came to Egbert the 
Egregious, after his slaughter of Emeric the Evil? Of 
how Godelot died in his own cellar after his son, 
Hereward, took the wand from him? Of the dreadful 
Loxias, who took the wand from Barnabas Deverill, 
whom he had killed? The bloody trail of the Elder 
Wand is splattered across the s of Wizarding 
history. 

Harry glanced at Hermione. She was frowning at 
Xenophilius, but she did not contradict him. 

So where do you think the Elder Wand is now? 
asked Ron. 

Alas, who knows? said Xenophilius, as he gazed out 
of the window. Who knows where the Elder Wand 
lies hidden? The trail goes cold with Arcus and Livius. 
Who can say which of them really defeated Loxias, 



  465 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and which took the wand? And who can say who may 
have defeated them? History, alas, does not tell us. 

There was a pause. Finally Hermione asked stiffly, 
Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell family have anything 
to do with the Deathly Hallows? 

Xenophilius looked taken aback as something shifted 
in Harrys memory, but he could not locate it. Peverell 
...he had heard that name before. ... 

But you have been misleading me, young woman! 
said Xenophilius, now sitting up much straighter in 
his chair and goggling at Hermione. I thought you 
were new to the Hallows Quest! Many of us Questers 
believe that the Peverells have everything  
everything !  to do with the Hallows! 

Who are the Peverells? asked Ron. 

That was the name on the grave with the mark on it, 
in Godrics Hollow, said Hermione, still watching 
Xenophilius. Ignotus Peverell. 

Exactly! said Xenophilius, his forefinger raised 
pedantically. The sign of the Deathly Hallows on 
Ignotus s grave is conclusive proof! 

Of what? asked Ron. 

Why, that the three brothers in the story were 
actually the three Peverell brothers, Antioch, Cadmus, 
and Ignotus! That they were the original owners of the 
Hallows! 

With another glance at the window he got to his feet, 
picked up the tray, and headed for the spiral 
staircase. 



  466 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You will stay for dinner? he called, as he vanished 
downstairs again. Everybody always requests our 
recipe for Freshwater Plimpy soup. 

Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. 
Mungos, said Ron under his breath. 

Harry waited until they could hear Xenophilius 
moving about in the kitchen downstairs before 
speaking. 

What do you think? he asked Hermione. 

Oh, Harry, she said wearily, its a pile of utter 
rubbish. This cant be what the sign really means. 
This must just be his weird take on it. What a waste 
of time. 

I spose this is the man who brought us Crumple 
Horned Snorkacks, said Ron. 

You dont believe it either? Harry asked him. 

Nah, that storys just one of those things you tell 
kids to teach them lessons, isnt it? Dont go looking 
for trouble, dont pick fights, dont go messing around 
with stuff thats best left alone! Just keep your head 
down, mind your own business, and youll be okay 
Come to think of it, Ron added, maybe that storys 
why elder wands are supposed to be unlucky. 

What are you talking about? 

One of those superstitions, isnt it? Mayborn 
witches will marry Muggles. Jinx by twilight, undone 
by midnight. Wand of elder, never prosper. You 
mustve heard them. My mums full of them. 



  467 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry and I were raised by Muggles, Hermione 
reminded him. We were taught different 
superstitions. She sighed deeply as a rather pungent 
smell drifted up from the kitchen. The one good thing 
about her exasperation with Xenophilius was that it 
seemed to have made her forget that she was annoyed 
at Ron. I think youre right, she told him. Its just a 
morality tale, its obvious which gift is best, which one 
youd choose   

The three of them spoke at the same time; Hermione 
said, the Cloak, Ron said, the wand, and Harry 
said, the stone. 

They looked at each other, half surprised, half 
amused. 

Youre supposed to say the Cloak, Ron told 
Hermione, but you wouldnt need to be invisible if 
you had the wand. An unbeatable wand, Hermione, 
come on! 

Weve already got an Invisibility Cloak, said Harry. 

And its helped us rather a lot, in case you hadnt 
noticed! said Hermione. Whereas the wand would be 
bound to attract trouble   

Only if you shouted about it, argued Ron. Only if 
you were prat enough to go dancing around, waving it 
over your head, and singing, Ive got an unbeatable 
wand, come and have a go if you think youre hard 
enough. As long as you kept your trap shut   

Yes, but could you keep your trap shut? said 
Hermione, looking skeptical. You know, the only true 
thing he said to us was that there have been stories 
about extra powerful wands for hundreds of years. 



  468 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There have? asked Harry. 



Hermione looked exasperated: The expression was so 
endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grinned at 
each other. 

The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop up 
under different names through the centuries, usually 
in the possession of some Dark wizard whos boasting 
about them. Professor Binns mentioned some of 
them, but  oh, its all nonsense. Wands are only as 
powerful as the wizards who use them. Some wizards 
just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better 
than other peoples. 

But how do you know, said Harry, that those 
wands  the Deathstick and the Wand of Destiny  
arent the same wand, surfacing over the centuries 
under different names? 

What, and theyre all really the Elder Wand, made by 
Death? said Ron. 

Harry laughed: The strange idea that had occurred to 
him was, after all, ridiculous. His wand, he reminded 
himself, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been 
made by Ollivander, whatever it had done that night 
Voldemort had pursued him across the skies. And if it 
had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken? 

So why would you take the stone? Ron asked him. 

Well, if you could bring people back, we could have 
Sirius ... MadEye ... Dumbledore ... my parents. ... 

Neither Ron nor Hermione smiled. 

But according to Beedle the Bard, they wouldnt 
want to come back, would they? said Harry, thinking 

  469 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




about the tale they had just heard. I dont suppose 
there have been loads of other stories about a stone 
that can raise the dead, have there? he asked 
Hermione. 

No, she replied sadly. I dont think anyone except 
Mr. Lovegood could kid themselves thats possible. 
Beedle probably took the idea from the Sorcerers 
Stone; you know, instead of a stone to make you 
immortal, a stone to reverse death. 

The smell from the kitchen was getting stronger: It 
was something like burning underpants. Harry 
wondered whether it would be possible to eat enough 
of whatever Xenophilius was cooking to spare his 
feelings. 

What about the Cloak, though? said Ron slowly. 
Dont you realize, hes right? Ive got so used to 
Harrys Cloak and how good it is, I never stopped to 
think. Ive never heard of one like Harrys. Its 
infallible. Weve never been spotted under it   

Of course not  were invisible when were under it, 
Ron! 

But all the stuff he said about other cloaks, and 
theyre not exactly ten a Knut, you know, is true! Its 
never occurred to me before, but Ive heard stuff 
about charms wearing off cloaks when they get old, or 
them being ripped apart by spells so theyve got holes 
in. Harrys was owned by his dad, so its not exactly 
new, is it, but its just ... perfect! 

Yes, all right, but Ron, the stone ... 

As they argued in whispers, Harry moved around the 
room, only half listening. Reaching the spiral stair, he 
raised his eyes absently to the next level and was 

  470 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




distracted at once. His own face was looking back at 
him from the ceiling of the room above. 

After a moments bewilderment, he realized that it 
was not a mirror, but a painting. Curious, he began 
to climb the stairs. 

Harry, what are you doing? I dont think you should 
look around when hes not here! 

But Harry had already reached the next level. 

Luna had decorated her bedroom ceiling with five 
beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, 
Ginny, and Neville. They were not moving as the 
portraits at Hogwarts moved, but there was a certain 
magic about them all the same: Harry thought they 
breathed. What appeared to be fine golden chains 
wove around the pictures, linking them together, but 
after examining them for a minute or so, Harry 
realized that the chains were actually one word, 
repeated a thousand times in golden ink: friends . . . 
friends . . . friends . . . 

Harry felt a great rush of affection for Luna. He looked 
around the room. There was a large photograph 
beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who 
looked very like her. They were hugging. Luna looked 
rather bettergroomed in this picture than Harry had 
ever seen her in life. The picture was dusty. This 
struck Harry as slightly odd. He stared around. 

Something was wrong. The pale blue carpet was also 
thick with dust. There were no clothes in the 
wardrobe, whose doors stood ajar. The bed had a 
cold, unfriendly look, as though it had not been slept 
in for weeks. A single cobweb stretched over the 
nearest window, across a bloodred sky. 



  471 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Whats wrong? Hermione asked as Harry descended 
the staircase, but before he could respond, 
Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs from the 
kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowls. 

Mr. Lovegood, said Harry. Wheres Luna? 

Excuse me? 

Wheres Luna? 

Xenophilius halted on the top step. 

I  Ive already told you. She is down at Bottom 
Bridge, fishing for Plimpies. 

So why have you only laid that tray for four? 

Xenophilius tried to speak, but no sound came out. 
The only noise was the continued chugging of the 
printing press, and a slight rattle from the tray as 
Xenophilius s hands shook. 

I dont think Lunas been here for weeks, said Harry. 
Her clothes are gone, her bed hasnt been slept in. 
Where is she? And why do you keep looking out of the 
window? 

Xenophilius dropped the tray: The bowls bounced and 
smashed. Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew their 
wands: Xenophilius froze, his hand about to enter his 
pocket. At that moment the printing press gave a 
huge bang and numerous Quibblers came streaming 
across the floor from underneath the tablecloth; the 
press fell silent at last. 

Hermione stooped down and picked up one of the 
magazines, her wand still pointing at Mr. Lovegood. 



  472 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, look at this. 



He strode over to her as quickly as he could through 
all the clutter. The front of The Quibbler carried his 
own picture, emblazoned with the words 
UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE and captioned with 
the reward money. 

The Quibblers going for a new angle, then? Harry 
asked coldly, his mind working very fast. Is that 
what you were doing when you went into the garden, 
Mr. Lovegood? Sending an owl to the Ministry? 

Xenophilius licked his lips. 

They took my Luna, he whispered. Because of what 
Ive been writing. They took my Luna and I dont know 
where she is, what theyve done to her. But they 
might give her back to me if I  if I   

Hand over Harry? Hermione finished for him. 

No deal, said Ron flatly. Get out of the way, were 
leaving. 

Xenophilius looked ghastly, a century old, his lips 
drawn back into a dreadful leer. 

They will be here at any moment. I must save Luna. I 
cannot lose Luna. You must not leave. 

He spread his arms in front of the staircase, and 
Harry had a sudden vision of his mother doing the 
same thing in front of his crib. 

Dont make us hurt you, Harry said. Get out of the 
way, Mr. Lovegood. 

HARRY! Hermione screamed. 

  473 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Figures on broomsticks were flying past the windows. 
As the three of them looked away from him, 
Xenophilius drew his wand. Harry realized their 
mistake just in time: He launched himself sideways, 
shoving Ron and Hermione out of harms way as 
Xenophiliuss Stunning Spell soared across the room 
and hit the Erumpent horn. 

There was a colossal explosion. The sound of it 
seemed to blow the room apart: Fragments of wood 
and paper and rubble flew in all directions, along with 
an impenetrable cloud of thick white dust. Harry flew 
through the air, then crashed to the floor, unable to 
see as debris rained upon him, his arms over his 
head. He heard Hermiones scream, Rons yell, and a 
series of sickening metallic thuds, which told him 
that Xenophilius had been blasted off his feet and 
fallen backward down the spiral stairs. 

Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to raise himself: He 
could barely breathe or see for dust. Half of the 
ceiling had fallen in, and the end of Lunas bed was 
hanging through the hole. The bust of Rowena 
Ravenclaw lay beside him with half its face missing, 
fragments of torn parchment were floating through 
the air, and most of the printing press lay on its side, 
blocking the top of the staircase to the kitchen. Then 
another white shape moved close by, and Hermione, 
coated in dust like a second statue, pressed her finger 
to her lips. 

The door downstairs crashed open. 

Didnt I tell you there was no need to hurry, 

Travers? said a rough voice. Didnt 1 tell you this 
nutter was just raving as usual? 

There was a bang and a scream of pain from 
Xenophilius. 

  474 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No ... no ... upstairs ... Potter! 

I told you last week, Lovegood, we werent coming 
back for anything less than some solid information! 
Remember last week? When you wanted to swap your 
daughter for that stupid bleeding headdress? And the 
week before  another bang, another squeal  
when you thought wed give her back if you offered 
us proof there are Crumple  bang  Headed  
bang  Snorkacks? 

No  no  I beg you! sobbed Xenophilius. It really 
is Potter! Really! 

And now it turns out you only called us here to try 
and blow us up! roared the Death Eater, and there 
was a volley of bangs interspersed with squeals of 
agony from Xenophilius. 

The place looks like its about to fall in, Selwyn, said 
a cool second voice, echoing up the mangled 
staircase. The stairs are completely blocked. Could 
try clearing it? Might bring the place down. 

You lying piece of filth, shouted the wizard named 
Selwyn. Youve never seen Potter in your life, have 
you? Thought youd lure us here to kill us, did you? 
And you think youll get your girl back like this? 

I swear ... I swear ... Potters upstairs! 

Homenum revelio, said the voice at the foot of the 
stairs. 

Harry heard Hermione gasp, and he had the odd 
sensation that something was swooping low over him, 
immersing his body in its shadow. 



  475 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theres someone up there all right, Selwyn, said the 
second man sharply. 



Its Potter, I tell you, its Potter! sobbed Xenophilius. 
Please ... please ... give me Luna, just let me have 
Luna. ... 

You can have your little girl, Lovegood, said Selwyn, 
if you get up those stairs and bring me down Harry 
Potter. But if this is a plot, if its a trick, if youve got 
an accomplice waiting up there to ambush us, well 
see if we can spare a bit of your daughter for you to 
bury. 

Xenophilius gave a wail of fear and despair. There 
were scurryings and scrapings: Xenophilius was 
trying to get through the debris on the stairs. 

Come on, Harry whispered, weve got to get out of 
here. 

He started to dig himself out under cover of all the 
noise Xenophilius was making on the staircase. Ron 
was buried deepest: Harry and Hermione climbed, as 
quietly as they could, over all the wreckage to where 
he lay, trying to prise a heavy chest of drawers off his 
legs. While Xenophilius s banging and scraping drew 
nearer and nearer, Hermione managed to free Ron 
with the use of a Hover Charm. 

All right, breathed Hermione, as the broken printing 
press blocking the top of the stairs began to tremble; 
Xenophilius was feet away from them. She was still 
white with dust. Do you trust me, Harry? 

Harry nodded. 

Okay then, Hermione whispered, give me the 
Invisibility Cloak. Ron, youre going to put it on. 

  476 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Me? But Harry   



Please, Ron\ Harry, hold on tight to my hand, Ron, 
grab my shoulder. 

Harry held out his left hand. Ron vanished beneath 
the Cloak. The printing press blocking the stairs was 
vibrating: Xenophilius was trying to shift it using a 
Hover Charm. Harry did not know what Hermione 
was waiting for. 

Hold tight, she whispered. Hold tight ... any second 



Xenophiliuss paper white face appeared over the top 
of the sideboard. 

Obliviate\ cried Hermione, pointing her wand first 
into his face, then at the floor beneath them. 
Deprimo\ 

She had blasted a hole in the sitting room floor. They 
fell like boulders, Harry still holding onto her hand for 
dear life; there was a scream from below, and he 
glimpsed two men trying to get out of the way as vast 
quantities of rubble and broken furniture rained all 
around them from the shattered ceiling. Hermione 
twisted in midair and the thundering of the collapsing 
house rang in Harrys ears as she dragged him once 
more into darkness. 



  477 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE DEATHLY HALLOWS 

Harry fell, panting, onto grass and scrambled up at 
once. They seemed to have landed in the corner of a 
field at dusk; Hermione was already running in a 
circle around them, waving her wand. 

Protego Totalum ... Salvio Hexia ... 

That treacherous old bleeder! Ron panted, emerging 
from beneath the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it to 
Harry. Hermione, youre a genius, a total genius, I 
cant believe we got out of that! 

 Cave Inimicum ... Didnt I say it was an Erumpent 
horn, didnt I tell him? And now his house has been 
blown apart! 

Serves him right, said Ron, examining his torn jeans 
and the cuts to his legs. What dyou reckon theyll do 
to him? 

Oh, I hope they dont kill him! groaned Hermione. 
Thats why I wanted the Death Eaters to get a 



  478 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



glimpse of Harry before we left, so they knew 
Xenophilius hadnt been lying! 



Why hide me, though? asked Ron. 

Youre supposed to be in bed with spattergroit, Ron! 
Theyve kidnapped Luna because her father 
supported Harry! What would happen to your family if 
they knew youre with him? 

But what about your mum and dad? 

Theyre in Australia, said Hermione. They should 
be all right. They dont know anything. 

Youre a genius, Ron repeated, looking awed. 

Yeah, you are, Hermione, agreed Harry fervently. I 
dont know what wed do without you. 

She beamed, but became solemn at once. 

What about Luna? 

Well, if theyre telling the truth and shes still alive  
 began Ron. 

Dont say that, dont say it! squealed Hermione. 

She must be alive, she must! 

Then shell be in Azkaban, I expect, said Ron. 
Whether she survives the place, though ... Loads 
dont. ... 

She will, said Harry. He could not bear to 
contemplate the alternative. Shes tough, Luna, 
much tougher than youd think. Shes probably 
teaching all the inmates about Wrackspurts and 
Nargles. 

  479 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I hope youre right, said Hermione. She passed a 
hand over her eyes. Id feel so sorry for Xenophilius if 



  if he hadnt just tried to sell us to the Death 
Eaters, yeah, said Ron. 

They put up the tent and retreated inside it, where 
Ron made them tea. After their narrow escape, the 
chilly, musty old place felt like home: safe, familiar, 
and friendly. 

Oh, why did we go there? groaned Hermione after a 
few minutes silence. Harry, you were right, it was 
Godrics Hollow all over again, a complete waste of 
time! The Deathly Hallows ... such rubbish ... 
although actually, a sudden thought seemed to have 
struck her, he might have made it all up, mightnt 
he? He probably doesnt believe in the Deathly 
Hallows at all, he just wanted to keep us talking until 
the Death Eaters arrived! 

I dont think so, said Ron. Its a damn sight harder 
making stuff up when youre under stress than youd 
think. I found that out when the Snatchers caught 
me. It was much easier pretending to be Stan, 
because I knew a bit about him, than inventing a 
whole new person. Old Lovegood was under loads of 
pressure, trying to make sure we stayed put. I reckon 
he told us the truth, or what he thinks is the truth, 
just to keep us talking. 

Well, I dont suppose it matters, sighed Hermione. 
Even if he was being honest, I never heard such a lot 
of nonsense in all my life. 

Hang on, though, said Ron. The Chamber of 
Secrets was supposed to be a myth, wasnt it? 



  480 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But the Deathly Hallows cant exist, Ron! 



You keep saying that, but one of them can, said 
Ron. Harrys Invisibility Cloak   

 The Tale of the Three Brothers is a story, said 
Hermione firmly. A story about how humans are 
frightened of death. If surviving was as simple as 
hiding under the Invisibility Cloak, wed have 
everything we need already! 

I dont know. We could do with an unbeatable wand, 
said Harry, turning the blackthorn wand he so 
disliked over in his fingers. 

Theres no such thing, Harry! 

You said there have been loads of wands  the 
Deathstick and whatever they were called   

All right, even if you want to kid yourself the Elder 
Wands real, what about the Resurrection Stone? Her 
fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, 
and her tone dripped sarcasm. No magic can raise 
the dead, and thats that! 

When my wand connected with YouKnowWhos, it 
made my mum and dad appear ... and Cedric ... 

But they werent really back from the dead, were 
they? said Hermione. Those kinds of  of pale 
imitations arent the same as truly bringing someone 
back to life. 

But she, the girl in the tale, didnt really come back, 
did she? The story says that once people are dead, 
they belong with the dead. But the second brother 
still got to see her and talk to her, didnt he? He even 
lived with her for a while. ... 

  481 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He saw concern and something less easily definable 
in Hermiones expression. Then, as she glanced at 
Ron, Harry realized that it was fear: He had scared 
her with his talk of living with dead people. 

So that Peverell bloke whos buried in Godrics 
Hollow, he said hastily, trying to sound robustly 
sane, you dont know anything about him, then? 

No, she replied, looking relieved at the change of 
subject. I looked him up after I saw the mark on his 
grave; if hed been anyone famous or done anything 
important, Im sure hed be in one of our books. The 
only place Ive managed to find the name Peverell is 
Natures Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. I borrowed 
it from Kreacher, she explained as Ron raised his 
eyebrows. It lists the pureblood families that are 
now extinct in the male line. Apparently the Peverells 
were one of the earliest families to vanish. 

 Extinct in the male line? repeated Ron. 

It means the names died out, said Hermione, 
centuries ago, in the case of the Peverells. They could 
still have descendants, though, theyd just be called 
something different. 

And then it came to Harry in one shining piece, the 
memory that had stirred at the sound of the name 
Peverell: a filthy old man brandishing an ugly ring 
in the face of a Ministry official, and he cried aloud, 
Marvolo Gaunt! 

Sorry? said Ron and Hermione together. 

Marvolo Gaunti You Know Whos grandfather! In the 
Pensieve! With Dumbledore! Marvolo Gaunt said he 
was descended from the Peverells! 



  482 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron and Hermione looked bewildered. 



The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo 
Gaunt said it had the Peverell coat of arms on it! I 
saw him waving it in the bloke from the Ministrys 
face, he nearly shoved it up his nose! 

The Peverell coat of arms? said Hermione sharply. 
Could you see what it looked like? 

Not really, said Harry, trying to remember. There 
was nothing fancy on there, as far as I could see; 
maybe a few scratches. I only ever saw it really close 
up after it had been cracked open. 

Harry saw Hermione s comprehension in the sudden 
widening of her eyes. Ron was looking from one to the 
other, astonished. 

Blimey ... You reckon it was this sign again? The 
sign of the Hallows? 

Why not? said Harry excitedly. Marvolo Gaunt was 
an ignorant old git who lived like a pig, all he cared 
about was his ancestry. If that ring had been passed 
down through the centuries, he might not have 
known what it really was. There were no books in that 
house, and trust me, he wasnt the type to read fairy 
tales to his kids. Hed have loved to think the 
scratches on the stone were a coat of arms, because 
as far as he was concerned, having pure blood made 
you practically royal. 

Yes ... and thats all very interesting, said Hermione 
cautiously, but Harry, if youre thinking what I think 
youre think   



  483 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Well, why not? Why not? said Harry, abandoning 
caution. It was a stone, wasnt it? He looked at Ron 
for support. What if it was the Resurrection Stone? 

Rons mouth fell open. 

Blimey  but would it still work if Dumbledore broke 
 ? 

Work? Work? Ron, it never worked! Theres no such 
thing as a Resurrection Stone\ 

Hermione had leapt to her feet, looking exasperated 
and angry. Harry, youre trying to fit everything into 
the Hallows story   

Fit everything in? he repeated. Hermione, it fits of 
its own accord! I know the sign of the Deathly Hallows 
was on that stone! Gaunt said he was descended from 
the Peverells! 

A minute ago you told us you never saw the mark on 
the stone properly! 

Where dyou reckon the ring is now? Ron asked 
Harry. What did Dumbledore do with it after he 
broke it open? 

But Harrys imagination was racing ahead, far beyond 
Ron and Hermione s. ... 

Three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make 
the possessor master of Death . . . Master . . . Conqueror 
... Vanquisher ... The last enemy that shall be 
destroyed is death. . . . 

And he saw himself, possessor of the Hallows, facing 
Voldemort, whose Horcruxes were no match ... 

Neither can live while the other survives. ... Was this 

  484 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the answer? Hallows versus Horcruxes? Was there a 
way, after all, to ensure that he was the one who 
triumphed? If he were the master of the Deathly 
Hallows, would he be safe? 

Harry? 

But he scarcely heard Hermione: He had pulled out 
his Invisibility Cloak and was running it through his 
fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air. He had 
never seen anything to equal it in his nearly seven 
years in the Wizarding world. The Cloak was exactly 
what Xenophilius had described: A cloak that really 
and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and 
endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable 
concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it ... 

And then, with a gasp, he remembered  

Dumbledore had my Cloak the night my parents 
died! 

His voice shook and he could feel the color in his face, 
but he did not care. 

My mum told Sirius that Dumbledore borrowed the 
Cloak! This is why! He wanted to examine it, because 
he thought it was the third Hallow! Ignotus Peverell is 
buried in Godrics Hollow. ... Harry was walking 
blindly around the tent, feeling as though great new 
vistas of truth were opening all around him. Hes my 
ancestor! Im descended from the third brother! It all 
makes sense! 

He felt armed in certainty, in his belief in the Hallows, 
as if the mere idea of possessing them was giving him 
protection, and he felt joyous as he turned back to 
the other two. 



  485 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, said Hermione again, but he was busy 
undoing the pouch around his neck, his fingers 
shaking hard. 

Read it, he told her, pushing his mothers letter into 
her hand. Read it! Dumbledore had the Cloak, 
Hermione! Why else would he want it? He didnt need 
a Cloak, he could perform a Disillusionment Charm 
so powerful that he made himself completely invisible 
without one! 

Something fell to the floor and rolled, glittering, under 
a chair: He had dislodged the Snitch when he pulled 
out the letter. He stooped to pick it up, and then the 
newly tapped spring of fabulous discoveries threw 
him another gift, and shock and wonder erupted 
inside him so that he shouted out. 

ITS IN HERE! He left me the ring  its in the 
Snitch! 

You  you reckon? 

He could not understand why Ron looked taken 
aback. It was so obvious, so clear to Harry: 

Everything fit, everything. . . . His Cloak was the third 
Hallow, and when he discovered how to open the 
Snitch he would have the second, and then all he 
needed to do was find the first Hallow, the Elder 
Wand, and then  

But it was as though a curtain fell on a lit stage: All 
his excitement, all his hope and happiness were 
extinguished at a stroke, and he stood alone in the 
darkness, and the glorious spell was broken. 

Thats what hes after. 



  486 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The change in his voice made Ron and Hermione look 
even more scared. 

YouKnowWhos after the Elder Wand. 

He turned his back on their strained, incredulous 
faces. He knew it was the truth. It all made sense. 
Voldemort was not seeking a new wand; he was 
seeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. Harry 
walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about 
Ron and Hermione as he looked out into the night, 
thinking. ... 

Voldemort had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. 
Nobody could have told him The Tales of Beedle the 
Bard when he was a child, any more than Harry had 
heard them. Hardly any wizards believed in the 
Deathly Hallows. Was it likely that Voldemort knew 
about them? 

Harry gazed into the darkness. ... If Voldemort had 
known about the Deathly Hallows, surely he would 
have sought them, done anything to possess them: 
three objects that made the possessor master of 
Death? If he had known about the Deathly Hallows, 
he might not have needed Horcruxes in the first 
place. Didnt the simple fact that he had taken a 
Hallow, and turned it into a Horcrux, demonstrate 
that he did not know this last great Wizarding secret? 

Which meant that Voldemort sought the Elder Wand 
without realizing its full power, without 
understanding that it was one of three . . . for the 
wand was the Hallow that could not be hidden, whose 
existence was best known. ... The bloody trail of the 
Elder Wand is splattered across the s of 
Wizarding history . . . 



  487 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry watched the cloudy sky, curves of smokegray 
and silver sliding over the face of the white moon. He 
felt lightheaded with amazement at his discoveries. 

He turned back into the tent. It was a shock to see 
Ron and Hermione standing exactly where he had left 
them, Hermione still holding Lilys letter, Ron at her 
side looking slightly anxious. Didnt they realize how 
far they had traveled in the last few minutes? 

This is it, Harry said, trying to bring them inside the 
glow of his own astonished certainty. This explains 
everything. The Deathly Hallows are real, and Ive got 
one  maybe two   

He held up the Snitch. 

  and YouKnowWhos chasing the third, but he 
doesnt realize ... he just thinks its a powerful wand 



Harry, said Hermione, moving across to him and 
handing him back Lilys letter, Im sorry, but I think 
youve got this wrong, all wrong. 

But dont you see? It all fits   

No, it doesnt, she said. It doesnt , Harry, youre 
just getting carried away. Please, she said as he 
started to speak, please just answer me this: If the 
Deathly Hallows really existed, and Dumbledore knew 
about them, knew that the person who possessed all 
three of them would be master of Death  Harry, why 
wouldnt he have told you? Why? 

He had his answer ready. 

But you said it, Hermione! Youve got to find out 
about them for yourself! Its a Quest! 

  488 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




But I only said that to try and persuade you to come 
to the Lovegoods! cried Hermione in exasperation. I 
didnt really believe it! 

Harry took no notice. 

Dumbledore usually let me find out stuff for myself. 
He let me try my strength, take risks. This feels like 
the kind of thing hed do. 

Harry, this isnt a game, this isnt practice! This is 
the real thing, and Dumbledore left you very clear 
instructions: Find and destroy the Horcruxes! That 
symbol doesnt mean anything, forget the Deathly 
Hallows, we cant afford to get sidetracked   

Harry was barely listening to her. He was turning the 
Snitch over and over in his hands, half expecting it to 
break open, to reveal the Resurrection Stone, to prove 
to Hermione that he was right, that the Deathly 
Hallows were real. 

She appealed to Ron. 

You dont believe in this, do you? 

Harry looked up. Ron hesitated. 

I dunno ... I mean ... bits of it sort of fit together, 
said Ron awkwardly. But when you look at the whole 
thing ... He took a deep breath. I think were 
supposed to get rid of Horcruxes, Harry. Thats what 
Dumbledore told us to do. Maybe ... maybe we should 
forget about this Hallows business. 

Thank you, Ron, said Hermione. Ill take first 
watch. 



  489 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And she strode past Harry and sat down in the tent 
entrance, bringing the action to a fierce full stop. 

But Harry hardly slept that night. The idea of the 
Deathly Hallows had taken possession of him, and he 
could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled 
through his mind: the wand, the stone, and the 
Cloak, if he could just possess them all. ... 

I open at the close. ... But what was the close? Why 
couldnt he have the stone now? If only he had the 
stone, he could ask Dumbledore these questions in 
person . . . and Harry murmured words to the Snitch 
in the darkness, trying everything, even Parseltongue, 
but the golden ball would not open. ... 

And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that 
hidden? Where was Voldemort searching now? Harry 
wished his scar would burn and show him 
Voldemorts thoughts, because for the first time ever, 
he and Voldemort were united in wanting the very 
same thing. . . . Hermione would not like that idea, of 
course. ... But then, she did not believe ... 

Xenophilius had been right, in a way . . . Limited. 
Narrow. Closeminded. The truth was that she was 
scared of the idea of the Deathly Hallows, especially of 
the Resurrection Stone ... and Harry pressed his 
mouth again to the Snitch, kissing it, nearly 
swallowing it, but the cold metal did not yield. ... 

It was nearly dawn when he remembered Luna, alone 
in a cell in Azkaban, surrounded by dementors, and 
he suddenly felt ashamed of himself. He had forgotten 
all about her in his feverish contemplation of the 
Hallows. If only they could rescue her; but dementors 
in those numbers would be virtually unassailable. 

Now he came to think about it, he had not yet tried 
casting a Patronus with the blackthorn wand. ... He 
must try that in the morning. . . . 

  490 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




If only there was a way of getting a better wand . . . 

And desire for the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, 
unbeatable, invincible, swallowed him once more. ... 

They packed up the tent next morning and moved on 
through a dreary shower of rain. The downpour 
pursued them to the coast, where they pitched the 
tent that night, and persisted through the whole 
week, through sodden landscapes that Harry found 
bleak and depressing. He could think only of the 
Deathly Hallows. It was as though a flame had been 
lit inside him that nothing, not Hermione s flat 
disbelief nor Rons persistent doubts, could 
extinguish. And yet the fiercer the longing for the 
Hallows burned inside him, the less joyful it made 
him. He blamed Ron and Hermione: Their determined 
indifference was as bad as the relentless rain for 
dampening his spirits, but neither could erode his 
certainty, which remained absolute. Harrys belief in 
and longing for the Hallows consumed him so much 
that he felt quite isolated from the other two and their 
obsession with the Horcruxes. 

Obsession? said Hermione in a low fierce voice, 
when Harry was careless enough to use the word one 
evening, after Hermione had told him off for his lack 
of interest in locating more Horcruxes. Were not the 
ones with an obsession, Harry! Were the ones trying 
to do what Dumbledore wanted us to do! 

But he was impervious to the veiled criticism. 
Dumbledore had left the sign of the Hallows for 
Hermione to decipher, and he had also, Harry 
remained convinced of it, left the Resurrection Stone 
hidden in the golden Snitch. Neither can live while the 
other survives. ... master of Death ... Why didnt Ron 
and Hermione understand? 



  491 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death,  
Harry quoted calmly. 

I thought it was YouKnowWho we were supposed to 
be fighting? Hermione retorted, and Harry gave up 
on her. 

Even the mystery of the silver doe, which the other 
two insisted on discussing, seemed less important to 
Harry now, a vaguely interesting sideshow. The only 
other thing that mattered to him was that his scar 
had begun to prickle again, although he did all he 
could to hide this fact from the other two. He sought 
solitude whenever it happened, but was disappointed 
by what he saw. The visions he and Voldemort were 
sharing had changed in quality; they had become 
blurred, shifting as though they were moving in and 
out of focus. Harry was just able to make out the 
indistinct features of an object that looked like a 
skull, and something like a mountain that was more 
shadow than substance. Used to images sharp as 
reality, Harry was disconcerted by the change. He was 
worried that the connection between himself and 
Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that he 
both feared and, whatever he had told Hermione, 
prized. Somehow Harry connected these unsatisfying, 
vague images with the destruction of his wand, as if it 
was the blackthorn wands fault that he could no 
longer see into Voldemorts mind as well as before. 

As the weeks crept on, Harry could not help but 
notice, even through his new selfabsorption, that 
Ron seemed to be taking charge. Perhaps because he 
was determined to make up for having walked out on 
them, perhaps because Harrys descent into 
listlessness galvanized his dormant leadership 
qualities, Ron was the one now encouraging and 
exhorting the other two into action. 



  492 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Three Horcruxes left, he kept saying. We need a 
plan of action, come on! Where havent we looked? 
Lets go through it again. The orphanage ... 

Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and 
Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom 
Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, 
Ron and Hermione raked over them again, Harry 
joining in only to stop Hermione pestering him. He 
would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying 
to read Voldemorts thoughts, to find out more about 
the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to 
ever more unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to 
keep them moving. 

You never know, was Rons constant refrain. Upper 
Flagley is a Wizarding village, he mightve wanted to 
live there. Lets go and have a poke around. 

These frequent forays into Wizarding territory brought 
them within occasional sight of Snatchers. 

Some of them are supposed to be as bad as Death 
Eaters, said Ron. The lot that got me were a bit 
pathetic, but Bill reckons some of them are really 
dangerous. They said on Potterwatch   

On what? said Harry. 

 Potterwatch , didnt I tell you thats what it was 
called? The program I keep trying to get on the radio, 
the only one that tells the truth about whats going 
on! Nearly all the programs are following YouKnow 
Whos line, all except Potterwatch. I really want you to 
hear it, but its tricky tuning in. ... 

Ron spent evening after evening using his wand to 
beat out various rhythms on top of the wireless while 
the dials whirled. Occasionally they would catch 

  493 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  




snatches of advice on how to treat dragon pox, and 
once a few bars of A Cauldron Full of Hot Strong 
Love. While he tapped, Ron continued to try to hit on 
the correct password, muttering strings of random 
words under his breath. 

Theyre normally something to do with the Order, he 
told them. Bill had a real knack for guessing them. 
Im bound to get one in the end. ... 

But not until March did luck favor Ron at last. Harry 
was sitting in the tent entrance, on guard duty, 
staring idly at a clump of grape hyacinths that had 
forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron 
shouted excitedly from inside the tent. 

Ive got it, Ive got it! Password was Altars! Get in 
here, Harry! 

Roused for the first time in days from his 
contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried 
back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione 
kneeling on the floor beside the little radio. Hermione, 
who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor just 
for something to do, was sitting openmouthed, 
staring at the tiny speaker, from which a most 
familiar voice was issuing. 

"... apologize for our temporary absence from the 
airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls 
in our area by those charming Death Eaters. 

But thats Lee Jordan! said Hermione. 

I know! beamed Ron. Cool, eh? 

"... now found ourselves another secure location, Lee 
was saying, and Im pleased to tell you that two of 



  494 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




our regular contributors have joined me here this 
evening. Evening, boys! 

Hi. 

Evening, River. 

 River, thats Lee, Ron explained. Theyve all got 
code names, but you can usually tell   

Shh! said Hermione. 

But before we hear from Royal and Romulus, Lee 
went on, lets take a moment to report those deaths 
that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily 
Prophet dont think important enough to mention. It is 
with great regret that we inform our listeners of the 
murders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell. 

Harry felt a sick, swooping in his belly. He, Ron, and 
Hermione gazed at one another in horror. 

A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. It is 
believed that Muggleborn Dean Thomas and a 
second goblin, both believed to have been traveling 
with Tonks, Cresswell, and Gornuk, may have 
escaped. If Dean is listening, or if anyone has any 
knowledge of his whereabouts, his parents and sisters 
are desperate for news. 

Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five has 
been found dead in their home. Muggle authorities 
are attributing the deaths to a gas leak, but members 
of the Order of the Phoenix inform me that it was the 
Killing Curse  more evidence, as if it were needed, of 
the fact that Muggle slaughter is becoming little more 
than a recreational sport under the new regime. 



  495 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Finally, we regret to inform our listeners that the 
remains of Bathilda Bagshot have been discovered in 
Godrics Hollow. The evidence is that she died several 
months ago. The Order of the Phoenix informs us that 
her body showed unmistakable signs of injuries 
inflicted by Dark Magic. 

Listeners, Id like to invite you now to join us in a 
minutes silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk 
Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the 
unnamed, but no less regretted, Muggles murdered 
by the Death Eaters. 

Silence fell, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not 
speak. Half of Harry yearned to hear more, half of him 
was afraid of what might come next. It was the first 
time he had felt fully connected to the outside world 
for a long time. 

Thank you, said Lees voice. And now we turn to 
regular contributor Royal, for an update on how the 
new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world. 

Thanks, River, said an unmistakable voice, deep, 
measured, reassuring. 

Kingsley! burst out Ron. 

We know! said Hermione, hushing him. 

Muggles remain ignorant of the source of their 
suffering as they continue to sustain heavy 
casualties, said Kingsley. However, we continue to 
hear truly inspirational stories of wizards and witches 
risking their own safety to protect Muggle friends and 
neighbors, often without the Muggles knowledge. Id 
like to appeal to all our listeners to emulate their 
example, perhaps by casting a protective charm over 



  496 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




any Muggle dwellings in your street. Many lives could 
be saved if such simple measures are taken. 

And what would you say, Royal, to those listeners 
who reply that in these dangerous times, it should be 
Wizards first? asked Lee. 

Id say that its one short step from Wizards first to 
Purebloods first, and then to Death Eaters,  replied 
Kingsley. Were all human, arent we? Every human 
life is worth the same, and worth saving. 

Excellently put, Royal, and youve got my vote for 
Minister of Magic if ever we get out of this mess, said 
Lee. And now, over to Romulus for our popular 
feature Pals of Potter.   

Thanks, River, said another very familiar voice; Ron 
started to speak, but Hermione forestalled him in a 
whisper. 

We know its Lupin\ 

Romulus, do you maintain, as you have every time 
youve appeared on our program, that Harry Potter is 
still alive? 

I do, said Lupin firmly. There is no doubt at all in 
my mind that his death would be proclaimed as 
widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it had 
happened, because it would strike a deadly blow at 
the morale of those resisting the new regime. The Boy 
Who Lived remains a symbol of everything for which 
we are fighting: the triumph of good, the power of 
innocence, the need to keep resisting. 

A mixture of gratitude and shame welled up in Harry. 
Had Lupin forgiven him, then, for the terrible things 
he had said when they had last met? 

  497 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And what would you say to Harry if you knew he was 
listening, Romulus? 



Id tell him were all with him in spirit, said Lupin, 
then hesitated slightly. And Id tell him to follow his 
instincts, which are good and nearly always right. 

Harry looked at Hermione, whose eyes were full of 
tears. 

Nearly always right, she repeated. 

Oh, didnt I tell you? said Ron in surprise. Bill told 
me Lupins living with Tonks again! And apparently 
shes getting pretty big too. ... 

... and our usual update on those friends of Harry 
Potters who are suffering for their allegiance? Lee 
was saying. 

Well, as regular listeners will know, several of the 
more outspoken supporters of Harry Potter have now 
been imprisoned, including Xenophilius Lovegood, 
erstwhile editor of The Quibbler, said Lupin. 

At least hes still alive! muttered Ron. 

We have also heard within the last few hours that 
Rubeus Hagrid  all three of them gasped, and so 
nearly missed the rest of the sentence  wellknown 
gamekeeper at Hogwarts School, has narrowly 
escaped arrest within the grounds of Hogwarts, where 
he is rumored to have hosted a Support Harry Potter 
party in his house. However, Hagrid was not taken 
into custody, and is, we believe, on the run. 

I suppose it helps, when escaping from Death Eaters, 
if youve got a sixteenfoothigh half brother? asked 
Lee. 

  498 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It would tend to give you an edge, agreed Lupin 
gravely. May I just add that while we here at 
Potterwatch applaud Hagrids spirit, we would urge 
even the most devoted of Harrys supporters against 
following Hagrids lead. Support Harry Potter parties 
are unwise in the present climate. 

Indeed they are, Romulus, said Lee, so we suggest 
that you continue to show your devotion to the man 
with the lightning scar by listening to PotterwatcM 
And now lets move to news concerning the wizard 
who is proving just as elusive as Harry Potter. We like 
to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater, and here to 
give his views on some of the more insane rumors 
circulating about him, Id like to introduce a new 
correspondent: Rodent. 

 Rodent? said yet another familiar voice, and Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione cried out together: 

Fred! 

No  is it George? 

Its Fred, I think, said Ron, leaning in closer, as 
whichever twin it was said, 

Im not being Rodent, no way, I told you I wanted to 
be Rapier! 

Oh, all right then. Rapier, could you please give us 
your take on the various stories weve been hearing 
about the Chief Death Eater? 

Yes, River, I can, said Fred. As our listeners will 
know, unless theyve taken refuge at the bottom of a 
garden pond or somewhere similar, YouKnowWhos 
strategy of remaining in the shadows is creating a 
nice little climate of panic. Mind you, if all the alleged 
  499 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




sightings of him are genuine, we must have a good 
nineteen YouKnowWhos running around the place. 



Which suits him, of course, said Kingsley. The air 
of mystery is creating more terror than actually 
showing himself. 

Agreed, said Fred. So, people, lets try and calm 
down a bit. Things are bad enough without inventing 
stuff as well. For instance, this new idea that You 
KnowWho can kill with a single glance from his eyes. 
Thats a basilisk, listeners. One simple test: Check 
whether the thing thats glaring at you has got legs. If 
it has, its safe to look into its eyes, although if it 
really is YouKnowWho, thats still likely to be the 
last thing you ever do. 

For the first time in weeks and weeks, Harry was 
laughing: He could feel the weight of tension leaving 
him. 

And the rumors that he keeps being sighted abroad? 
asked Lee. 

Well, who wouldnt want a nice little holiday after all 
the hard work hes been putting in? asked Fred. 
Point is, people, dont get lulled into a false sense of 
security, thinking hes out of the country. Maybe he 
is, maybe he isnt, but the fact remains he can move 
faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo 
when he wants to, so dont count on him being a long 
way away if youre planning on taking any risks. I 
never thought Id hear myself say it, but safety first! 

Thank you very much for those wise words, Rapier, 
said Lee. Listeners, that brings us to the end of 
another Potterwatch. We dont know when it will be 
possible to broadcast again, but you can be sure we 
shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials: The next 
  500 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




password will be MadEye. Keep each other safe: 
Keep faith. Good night. 



The radios dial twirled and the lights behind the 
tuning panel went out. Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
were still beaming. Hearing familiar, friendly voices 
was an extraordinary tonic; Harry had become so 
used to their isolation he had nearly forgotten that 
other people were resisting Voldemort. It was like 
waking from a long sleep. 

Good, eh? said Ron happily. 

Brilliant, said Harry. 

Its so brave of them, sighed Hermione admiringly. 
If they were found ... 

Well, they keep on the move, dont they? said Ron. 
Like us. 

But did you hear what Fred said? asked Harry 
excitedly; now the broadcast was over, his thoughts 
turned again toward his allconsuming obsession. 
Hes abroad! Hes still looking for the Wand, I knew 
it! 



Harry   

Come on, Hermione, why are you so determined not 
to admit it? Vol   

HARRY, NO! 

  demorts after the Elder Wand! 

The names Taboo! Ron bellowed, leaping to his feet 
as a loud crack sounded outside the tent. I told you, 
Harry, I told you, we cant say it anymore  weve got 

  501 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




to put the protection back around us  quickly  its 
how they find   

But Ron stopped talking, and Harry knew why. The 
Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to 
spin; they could hear voices coming nearer and 
nearer: rough, excited voices. Ron pulled the 
Deluminator out of his pocket and clicked it: Their 
lamps went out. 

Come out of there with your hands up! came a 
rasping voice through the darkness. We know youre 
in there! Youve got half a dozen wands pointing at 
you and we dont care who we curse! 



  502 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






MALFOY MANOR 

Harry looked around at the other two, now mere 
outlines in the darkness. He saw Hermione point her 
wand, not toward the outside, but into his face; there 
was a bang, a burst of white light, and he buckled in 
agony, unable to see. He could feel his face swelling 
rapidly under his hands as heavy footfalls 
surrounded him. 

Get up, vermin. 

Unknown hands dragged Harry roughly off the 
ground. Before he could stop them, someone had 
rummaged through his pockets and removed the 
blackthorn wand. Harry clutched at his excruciatingly 
painful face, which felt unrecognizable beneath his 
fingers, tight, swollen, and puffy as though he had 
suffered some violent allergic reaction. His eyes had 
been reduced to slits through which he could barely 
see; his glasses fell off as he was bundled out of the 
tent; all he could make out were the blurred shapes of 
four or five people wrestling Ron and Hermione 
outside too. 

  503 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Get  off  her! Ron shouted. There was the 
unmistakable sound of knuckles hitting flesh: Ron 
grunted in pain and Hermione screamed, No! Leave 
him alone, leave him alone! 

Your boyfriends going to have worse than that done 
to him if hes on my list, said the horribly familiar, 
rasping voice. Delicious girl ... What a treat ... I do 
enjoy the softness of the skin. ... 

Harrys stomach turned over. He knew who this was: 
Fenrir Grey back, the werewolf who was permitted to 
wear Death Eater robes in return for his hired 
savagery. 

Search the tent! said another voice. 

Harry was thrown facedown onto the ground. A thud 
told him that Ron had been cast down beside him. 
They could hear footsteps and crashes; the men were 
pushing over chairs inside the tent as they searched. 

Now, lets see who weve got, said Greybacks 
gloating voice from overhead, and Harry was rolled 
over onto his back. A beam of wandlight fell into his 
face and Grey back laughed. 

Ill be needing butterbeer to wash this one down. 
What happened to you, ugly? 

Harry did not answer immediately. 

I said, repeated Greyback, and Harry received a 
blow to the diaphragm that made him double over in 
pain, what happened to you? 

Stung, Harry muttered. Been stung. 

Yeah, looks like it, said a second voice. 

  504 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Whats your name? snarled Greyback. 

Dudley, said Harry. 

And your first name? 

I  Vernon. Vernon Dudley. 

Check the list, Scabior, said Greyback, and Harry 
heard him move sideways to look down at Ron, 
instead. And what about you, ginger? 

Stan Shunpike, said Ron. 

Like ell you are, said the man called Scabior. We 
know Stan Shunpike, es put a bit of work our way. 

There was another thud. 

Ib Bardy, said Ron, and Harry could tell that his 
mouth was full of blood. Bardy Weadley. 

A Weasley? rasped Greyback. So youre related to 
blood traitors even if youre not a Mudblood. And 
lastly, your pretty little friend ... The relish in his 
voice made Harrys flesh crawl. 

Easy, Greyback, said Scabior over the jeering of the 
others. 

Oh, Im not going to bite just yet. Well see if shes a 
bit quicker at remembering her name than Barny. 
Who are you, girly? 

Penelope Clearwater, said Hermione. She sounded 
terrified, but convincing. 

Whats your blood status? 



  505 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Halfblood, said Hermione. 



Easy enough to check, said Scabior. But the ole lot 
of em look like they could still be ogwarts age   

Weh lebt, said Ron. 

Left, ave you, ginger? said Scabior. And you 
decided to go camping? And you thought, just for a 
laugh, youd use the Dark Lords name? 

Nod a laugh, said Ron. Aggiden. 

Accident? There was more jeering laughter. 

You know who used to like using the Dark Lords 
name, Weasley? growled Greyback. The Order of the 
Phoenix. Mean anything to you? 

Doh. 

Well, they dont show the Dark Lord proper respect, 
so the names been Tabooed. A few Order members 
have been tracked that way. Well see. Bind them up 
with the other two prisoners! 

Someone yanked Harry up by the hair, dragged him a 
short way, pushed him down into a sitting position, 
then started binding him backtoback with other 
people. Harry was still half blind, barely able to see 
anything through his puffedup eyes. When at last 
the man tying them had walked away, Harry 
whispered to the other prisoners. 

Anyone still got a wand? 

No, said Ron and Hermione from either side of him. 

This is all my fault. I said the name, Im sorry   

  506 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry? 



It was a new, but familiar, voice, and it came from 
directly behind Harry, from the person tied to 
Hermiones left. 

Dean? 

It is you! If they find out who theyve got  ! Theyre 
Snatchers, theyre only looking for truants to sell for 
gold   

Not a bad little haul for one night, Greyback was 
saying, as a pair of hobnailed boots marched close by 
Harry and they heard more crashes from inside the 
tent. A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and three 
truants. You checked their names on the list yet, 
Scabior? he roared. 

Yeah. Theres no Vernon Dudley on ere, Greyback. 

Interesting, said Greyback. Thats interesting. 

He crouched down beside Harry, who saw, through 
the infinitesimal gap left between his swollen eyelids, 
a face covered in matted gray hair and whiskers, with 
pointed brown teeth and sores at the corners of his 
mouth. Greyback smelled as he had done at the top of 
the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt, sweat, 
and blood. 

So you arent wanted, then, Vernon? Or are you on 
that list under a different name? What House were 
you in at Hogwarts? 

Slytherin, said Harry automatically. 



  507 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Funny ow they all thinks we wants to ear that, 
jeered Scabior out of the shadows. But none of em 
can tell us where the common room is. 

Its in the dungeons, said Harry clearly. You enter 
through the wall. Its full of skulls and stuff and its 
under the lake, so the lights all green. 

There was a short pause. 

Well, well, looks like we really ave caught a little 
Slytherin, said Scabior. Good for you, Vernon, 

cause there aint a lot of Mudblood Slytherins. Whos 
your father? 

He works at the Ministry, Harry lied. He knew that 
his whole story would collapse with the smallest 
investigation, but on the other hand, he only had 
until his face regained its usual appearance before 
the game was up in any case. Department of Magical 
Accidents and Catastrophes. 

You know what, Greyback, said Scabior. I think 
there is a Dudley in there. 

Harry could barely breathe: Could luck, sheer luck, 
get them safely out of this? 

Well, well, said Greyback, and Harry could hear the 
tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and 
knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had 
indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry 
official. Harrys heart was pounding against the ropes 
around his ribs; he would not have been surprised to 
know that Greyback could see it. If youre telling the 
truth, ugly, youve got nothing to fear from a trip to 
the Ministry. I expect your fatherll reward us just for 
picking you up. 



  508 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But, said Harry, his mouth bone dry, if you just let 
us   



Hey! came a shout from inside the tent. Look at 
this, Greyback! 

A dark figure came bustling toward them, and Harry 
saw a glint of silver in the light of their wands. They 
had found Gryffindors sword. 

Veery nice, said Greyback appreciatively, taking it 
from his companion. Oh, very nice indeed. Looks 
goblinmade, that. Where did you get something like 
this? 

Its my fathers, Harry lied, hoping against hope that 
it was too dark for Greyback to see the name etched 
just below the hilt. We borrowed it to cut firewood   

 ang on a minute, Greyback! Look at this, in the 
Propheti 

As Scabior said it, Harrys scar, which was stretched 
tight across his distended forehead, burned savagely. 
More clearly than he could make out anything around 
him, he saw a towering building, a grim fortress, jet 
black and forbidding; Voldemorts thoughts had 
suddenly become razorsharp again; he was gliding 
toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly 
euphoric purpose. ... 

So close ...So close . . . 

With a huge effort of will Harry closed his mind to 
Voldemorts thoughts, pulling himself back to where 
he sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in 
the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior. 



  509 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 ermione Granger,  Scabior was saying,  the 
Mudblood who is known to be traveling with arry 
Potter.  

Harrys scar burned in the silence, but he made a 
supreme effort to keep himself present, not to slip 
into Voldemorts mind. He heard the creak of 
Greybacks boots as he crouched down in front of 
Hermione. 

You know what, little girly? This picture looks a hell 
of a lot like you. 

It isnt! It isnt me! 

Hermione s terrified squeak was as good as a 
confession. 

 ... known to be traveling with Harry Potter,  
repeated Grey back quietly. 

A stillness had settled over the scene. Harrys scar 
was exquisitely painful, but he struggled with all his 
strength against the pull of Voldemorts thoughts: It 
had never been so important to remain in his own 
right mind. 

Well, this changes things, doesnt it? whispered 
Greyback. Nobody spoke: Harry sensed the gang of 
Snatchers watching, frozen, and felt Hermione s arm 
trembling against his. Greyback got up and took a 
couple of steps to where Harry sat, crouching down 
again to stare closely at his misshapen features. 

Whats that on your forehead, Vernon? he asked 
softly, his breath foul in Harrys nostrils as he 
pressed a filthy finger to the taut scar. 



  510 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dont touch it! Harry yelled; he could not stop 
himself; he thought he might be sick from the pain of 
it. 



I thought you wore glasses, Potter? breathed 
Greyback. 

I found glasses! yelped one of the Snatchers 
skulking in the background. There was glasses in the 
tent, Greyback, wait   

And seconds later Harrys glasses had been rammed 
back onto his face. The Snatchers were closing in 
now, peering at him. 

It is! rasped Greyback. Weve caught Potter! 

They all took several steps backward, stunned by 
what they had done. Harry, still fighting to remain 
present inside his own splitting head, could think of 
nothing to say: Fragmented visions were breaking 
across the surface of his mind  

 He was gliding around the high walls of the black 
fortress  

No, he was Harry, tied up and wandless, in grave 
danger  

 looking up, up to the topmost window, the highest 
tower  

He was Harry, and they were discussing his fate in 
low voices  

 Time to fly ... 

...to the Ministry? 

  511 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




To hell with the Ministry, growled Greyback. Theyll 
take the credit, and we wont get a look in. I say we 
take him straight to YouKnowWho. 

Will you summon im? ere? said Scabior, sounding 
awed, terrified. 

No, snarled Greyback, I havent got  they say hes 
using the Malfoys place as a base. Well take the boy 
there. 

Harry thought he knew why Greyback was not calling 
Voldemort. The werewolf might be allowed to wear 
Death Eater robes when they wanted to use him, but 
only Voldemorts inner circle were branded with the 
Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted this 
highest honor. 

Harrys scar seared again  

 and he rose into the night, flying straight up to the 
window at the very top of the tower  

"... completely sure its him? Cause if it aint, 
Greyback, were dead. 

Whos in charge here? roared Greyback, covering his 
moment of inadequacy. I say thats Potter, and him 
plus his wand, thats two hundred thousand Galleons 
right there! But if youre too gutless to come along, 
any of you, its all for me, and with any luck, Ill get 
the girl thrown in! 

 The window was the merest slit in the black rock, 
not big enough for a man to enter. ...A skeletal figure 
was just visible through it, curled beneath a blanket. . . . 
Dead, or sleeping ... ? 



  512 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




All right! said Scabior. All right, were in! And what 
about the rest of em, Greyback, whatll we do with 



em? 






Might as well take the lot. Weve got two Mudbloods, 
thats another ten Galleons. Give me the sword as 
well. If theyre rubies, thats another small fortune 
right there. 

The prisoners were dragged to their feet. Harry could 
hear Hermiones breathing, fast and terrified. 

Grab hold and make it tight. Ill do Potter! said 
Greyback, seizing a fistful of Harrys hair; Harry could 
feel his long yellow nails scratching his scalp. On 
three! One  two  three   

They Disapparated, pulling the prisoners with them. 
Harry struggled, trying to throw off Greybacks hand, 
but it was hopeless: Ron and Hermione were 
squeezed tightly against him on either side, he could 
not separate from the group, and as the breath was 
squeezed out of him his scar seared more painfully 
still  

 as he forced himself through the slit of a window 
like a snake and landed, lightly as vapor, inside the 
celllike room  

The prisoners lurched into one another as they 
landed in a country lane. Harrys eyes, still puffy, took 
a moment to acclimatize, then he saw a pair of 
wroughtiron gates at the foot of what looked like a 
long drive. He experienced the tiniest trickle of relief. 
The worst had not happened yet: Voldemort was not 
here. He was, Harry knew, for he was fighting to 
resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, 
at the top of a tower. How long it would take 



  513 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Voldemort to get to this place, once he knew that 
Harry was here, was another matter. ... 

One of the Snatchers strode to the gates and shook 
them. 

How do we get in? Theyre locked, Greyback, I cant 
 blimey! 

He whipped his hands away in fright. The iron was 
contorting, twisting itself out of the abstract furls and 
coils into a frightening face, which spoke in a 
clanging, echoing voice: State your purpose! 

Weve got Potter! Greyback roared triumphantly. 
Weve captured Harry Potter! 

The gates swung open. 

Come on! said Greyback to his men, and the 
prisoners were shunted through the gates and up the 
drive, between high hedges that muffled their 
footsteps. Harry saw a ghostly white shape above 
him, and realized it was an albino peacock. He 
stumbled and was dragged onto his feet by Greyback; 
now he was staggering along sideways, tied backto 
back to the four other prisoners. Closing his puffy 
eyes, he allowed the pain in his scar to overcome him 
for a moment, wanting to know what Voldemort was 
doing, whether he knew yet that Harry was caught. ... 

The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket 
and rolled over toward him, eyes opening in a skull of 
a face. ... The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes 
fixed upon him, upon Voldemort, and then he smiled. 
Most of his teeth were gone. ... 

So, you have come. I thought you would ... one day. 
But your journey was pointless. I never had it. 

  514 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 You lie] 



As Voldemorts anger throbbed inside him, Harrys 
scar threatened to burst with pain, and he wrenched 
his mind back to his own body, fighting to remain 
present as the prisoners were pushed over gravel. 

Light spilled out over all of them. 

What is this? said a womans cold voice. 

Were here to see HeWhoMustNotBeNamed! 
rasped Greyback. 

Who are you? 

You know me! There was resentment in the 
werewolfs voice. Fenrir Greyback! Weve caught 
Harry Potter! 

Greyback seized Harry and dragged him around to 
face the light, forcing the other prisoners to shuffle 
around too. 

I know es swollen, maam, but its im! piped up 
Scabior. If you look a bit closer, youll see is scar. 
And this ere, see the girl? The Mudblood whos been 
traveling around with im, maam. Theres no doubt 
its im, and weve got is wand as well! Ere, maam   

Through his puffy eyelids Harry saw Narcissa Malfoy 
scrutinizing his swollen face. Scabior thrust the 
blackthorn wand at her. She raised her eyebrows. 

Bring them in, she said. 

Harry and the others were shoved and kicked up 
broad stone steps into a hallway lined with portraits. 



  515 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Follow me, said Narcissa, leading the way across the 
hall. My son, Draco, is home for his Easter holidays. 
If that is Harry Potter, he will know. 

The drawing room dazzled after the darkness outside; 
even with his eyes almost closed Harry could make 
out the wide proportions of the room. A crystal 
chandelier hung from the ceiling, more portraits 
against the dark purple walls. Two figures rose from 
chairs in front of an ornate marble fireplace as the 
prisoners were forced into the room by the Snatchers. 

What is this? 

The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Lucius 
Malfoy fell on Harrys ears. He was panicking now: He 
could see no way out, and it was easier, as his fear 
mounted, to block out Voldemorts thoughts, though 
his scar was still burning. 

They say theyve got Potter, said Narcissas cold 
voice. Draco, come here. 

Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but saw 
him obliquely: a figure slightly taller than he was, 
rising from an armchair, his face a pale and pointed 
blur beneath whiteblond hair. 

Greyback forced the prisoners to turn again so as to 
place Harry directly beneath the chandelier. 

Well, boy? rasped the werewolf. 

Harry was facing a mirror over the fireplace, a great 
gilded thing in an intricately scrolled frame. Through 
the slits of his eyes he saw his own reflection for the 
first time since leaving Grimmauld Place. 



  516 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




His face was huge, shiny, and pink, every feature 
distorted by Hermiones jinx. His black hair reached 
his shoulders and there was a dark shadow around 
his jaw. Had he not known that it was he who stood 
there, he would have wondered who was wearing his 
glasses. He resolved not to speak, for his voice was 
sure to give him away; yet he still avoided eye contact 
with Draco as the latter approached. 

Well, Draco? said Lucius Malfoy. He sounded avid. 
Is it? Is it Harry Potter? 

I cant  I cant be sure, said Draco. He was keeping 
his distance from Greyback, and seemed as scared of 
looking at Harry as Harry was of looking at him. 

But look at him carefully, look! Come closer! 

Harry had never heard Lucius Malfoy so excited. 

Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the 
Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv   

Now, we wont be forgetting who actually caught him, 
I hope, Mr. Malfoy? said Greyback menacingly. 

Of course not, of course not! said Lucius 
impatiently. He approached Harry himself, came so 
close that Harry could see the usually languid, pale 
face in sharp detail even through his swollen eyes. 
With his face a puffy mask, Harry felt as though he 
was peering out from between the bars of a cage. 

What did you do to him? Lucius asked Greyback. 
How did he get into this state? 

That wasnt us. 

Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me, said Lucius. 

  517 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




His gray eyes raked Harrys forehead. 



Theres something there, he whispered, it could be 
the scar, stretched tight. ... Draco, come here, look 
properly! What do you think? 

Harry saw Dracos face up close now, right beside his 
fathers. They were extraordinarily alike, except that 
while his father looked beside himself with 
excitement, Dracos expression was full of reluctance, 
even fear. 

I dont know, he said, and he walked away toward 
the fireplace where his mother stood watching. 

We had better be certain, Lucius, Narcissa called to 
her husband in her cold, clear voice. Completely sure 
that it is Potter, before we summon the Dark Lord . . . 
They say this is his  she was looking closely at the 
blackthorn wand  but it does not resemble 
Ollivanders description. ... If we are mistaken, if we 
call the Dark Lord here for nothing . . . Remember 
what he did to Rowle and Dolohov? 

What about the Mudblood, then? growled Greyback. 
Harry was nearly thrown off his feet as the Snatchers 
forced the prisoners to swivel around again, so that 
the light fell on Hermione instead. 

Wait, said Narcissa sharply. Yes  yes, she was in 
Madam Malkins with Potter! I saw her picture in the 
Prophett Look, Draco, isnt it the Granger girl? 

I ... maybe ... yeah. 

But then, thats the Weasley boy! shouted Lucius, 
striding around the bound prisoners to face Ron. Its 
them, Potters friends  Draco, look at him, isnt it 
Arthur Weasleys son, whats his name  ? 

  518 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yeah, said Draco again, his back to the prisoners. 

It could be. 

The drawing room door opened behind Harry. A 
woman spoke, and the sound of the voice wound 
Harrys fear to an even higher pitch. 

What is this? Whats happened, Cissy? 

Bellatrix Lestrange walked slowly around the 
prisoners, and stopped on Harrys right, staring at 
Hermione through her heavily lidded eyes. 

But surely, she said quietly, this is the Mudblood 
girl? This is Granger? 

Yes, yes, its Granger! cried Lucius. And beside her, 
we think, Potter! Potter and his friends, caught at 
last! 

Potter? shrieked Bellatrix, and she backed away, the 
better to take in Harry. Are you sure? Well then, the 
Dark Lord must be informed at once! 

She dragged back her left sleeve: Harry saw the Dark 
Mark burned into the flesh of her arm, and knew that 
she was about to touch it, to summon her beloved 
master  

I was about to call him! said Lucius, and his hand 
actually closed upon Bellatrixs wrist, preventing her 
from touching the Mark. I shall summon him, Bella, 
Potter has been brought to my house, and it is 
therefore upon my authority   

Your authority! she sneered, attempting to wrench 
her hand from his grasp. You lost your authority 
when you lost your wand, Lucius! How dare you! Take 
your hands off me! 

  519 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




This is nothing to do with you, you did not capture 
the boy   

Begging your pardon, Mr. Malfoy, interjected 
Greyback, but its us that caught Potter, and its us 
that 11 be claiming the gold   

Gold! laughed Bellatrix, still attempting to throw off 
her brotherinlaw, her free hand groping in her 
pocket for her wand. Take your gold, filthy 
scavenger, what do I want with gold? I seek only the 
honor of his  of   

She stopped struggling, her dark eyes fixed upon 
something Harry could not see. Jubilant at her 
capitulation, Lucius threw her hand from him and 
ripped up his own sleeve  

STOP! shrieked Bellatrix. Do not touch it, we shall 
all perish if the Dark Lord comes now! 

Lucius froze, his index finger hovering over his own 
Mark. Bellatrix strode out of Harrys limited line of 
vision. 

What is that? he heard her say. 

Sword, grunted an outofsight Snatcher. 

Give it to me. 

Its not yorn, missus, its mine, I reckon I found it. 

There was a bang and a flash of red light: Harry knew 
that the Snatcher had been Stunned. There was a 
roar of anger from his fellows: Scabior drew his wand. 

What dyou think youre playing at, woman? 



  520 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Stupefyl she screamed. Stupefyl 



They were no match for her, even though there were 
four of them against one of her: She was a witch, as 
Harry knew, with prodigious skill and no conscience. 
They fell where they stood, all except Greyback, who 
had been forced into a kneeling position, his arms 
outstretched. Out of the corners of his eyes Harry saw 
Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the sword 
of Gryffindor gripped tightly in her hand, her face 
waxen. 

Where did you get this sword? she whispered to 
Greyback as she pulled his wand out of his 
unresisting grip. 

How dare you? he snarled, his mouth the only thing 
that could move as he was forced to gaze up at her. 

He bared his pointed teeth. Release me, woman! 

Where did you find this sword? she repeated, 
brandishing it in his face. Snape sent it to my vault 
in Gringotts! 

It was in their tent, rasped Greyback. Release me, I 
say! 

She waved her wand, and the werewolf sprang to his 
feet, but appeared too wary to approach her. He 
prowled behind an armchair, his filthy curved nails 
clutching its back. 

Draco, move this scum outside, said Bellatrix, 
indicating the unconscious men. If you havent got 
the guts to finish them, then leave them in the 
courtyard for me. 

Dont you dare speak to Draco like   said Narcissa 
furiously, but Bellatrix screamed, 

  521 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Be quiet! The situation is graver than you can 
possibly imagine, Cissy! We have a very serious 
problem! 

She stood, panting slightly, looking down at the 
sword, examining its hilt. Then she turned to look at 
the silent prisoners. 

If it is indeed Potter, he must not be harmed, she 
muttered, more to herself than to the others. The 
Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Potter himself. . . . But 
if he finds out ... I must ... I must know. ... 

She turned back to her sister again. 

The prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while I 
think what to do! 

This is my house, Bella, you dont give orders in my 



Do it! You have no idea of the danger we are in! 
shrieked Bellatrix. She looked frightening, mad; a 
thin stream of fire issued from her wand and burned 
a hole in the carpet. 

Narcissa hesitated for a moment, then addressed the 
werewolf. 

Take these prisoners down to the cellar, Greyback. 

Wait, said Bellatrix sharply. All except ... except for 
the Mudblood. 

Greyback gave a grunt of pleasure. 

No! shouted Ron. You can have me, keep me! 



  522 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Bellatrix hit him across the face; the blow echoed 
around the room. 



If she dies under questioning, Ill take you next, she 
said. Blood traitor is next to Mudblood in my book. 
Take them downstairs, Greyback, and make sure they 
are secure, but do nothing more to them  yet. 

She threw Greybacks wand back to him, then took a 
short silver knife from under her robes. She cut 
Hermione free from the other prisoners, then dragged 
her by the hair into the middle of the room, while 
Greyback forced the rest of them to shuffle across to 
another door, into a dark passageway, his wand held 
out in front of him, projecting an invisible and 
irresistible force. 

Reckon shell let me have a bit of the girl when shes 
finished with her? Greyback crooned as he forced 
them along the corridor. Id say Ill get a bite or two, 
wouldnt you, ginger? 

Harry could feel Ron shaking. They were forced down 
a steep flight of stairs, still tied backtoback and in 
danger of slipping and breaking their necks at any 
moment. At the bottom was a heavy door. Greyback 
unlocked it with a tap of his wand, then forced them 
into a dank and musty room and left them in total 
darkness. The echoing bang of the slammed cellar 
door had not died away before there was a terrible, 
drawnout scream from directly above them. 

HERMIONE! Ron bellowed, and he started to writhe 
and struggle against the ropes tying them together, so 
that Harry staggered. HERMIONE! 

Be quiet! Harry said. Shut up, Ron, we need to 
work out a way   



  523 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




HERMIONE! HERMIONE! 



We need a plan, stop yelling  we need to get these 
ropes off   

Harry? came a whisper through the darkness. Ron? 
Is that you? 

Ron stopped shouting. There was a sound of 
movement close by them, then Harry saw a shadow 
moving closer. 

Harry? Ron? 

Luna? 

Yes, its me! Oh no, I didnt want you to be caught! 

Luna, can you help us get these ropes off? said 
Harry. 

Oh yes, I expect so. ... Theres an old nail we use if 
we need to break anything. ... Just a moment ... 

Hermione screamed again from overhead, and they 
could hear Bellatrix screaming too, but her words 
were inaudible, for Ron shouted again, HERMIONE! 
HERMIONE! 

Mr. Ollivander? Harry could hear Luna saying. Mr. 
Ollivander, have you got the nail? If you just move 
over a little bit... I think it was beside the water jug. 



She was back within seconds. 
Youll need to stay still, she said. 



  524 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry could feel her digging at the ropes tough fibers 
to work the knots free. From upstairs they heard 
Bellatrixs voice. 

Im going to ask you again! Where did you get this 
sword? Where? 

We found it  we found it  PLEASE! Hermione 
screamed again; Ron struggled harder than ever, and 
the rusty nail slipped onto Harrys wrist. 

Ron, please stay still! Luna whispered. I cant see 
what Im doing   

My pocket! said Ron. In my pocket, theres a 
Deluminator, and its full of light! 

A few seconds later, there was a click, and the 
luminescent spheres the Deluminator had sucked 
from the lamps in the tent flew into the cellar: Unable 
to rejoin their sources, they simply hung there, like 
tiny suns, flooding the underground room with light. 
Harry saw Luna, all eyes in her white face, and the 
motionless figure of Ollivander the wandmaker, 
curled up on the floor in the corner. Craning around, 
he caught sight of their fellow prisoners: Dean and 
Griphook the goblin, who seemed barely conscious, 
kept standing by the ropes that bound him to the 
humans. 

Oh, thats much easier, thanks, Ron, said Luna, 
and she began hacking at their bindings again. 

Hello, Dean! 

From above came Bellatrixs voice. 

You are lying, filthy Mudblood, and I know it! You 
have been inside my vault at Gringotts! Tell the truth, 
tell the truth\ 

  525 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Another terrible scream 



HERMIONE! 

What else did you take? What else have you got? Tell 
me the truth or, I swear, I shall run you through with 
this knife! 

There! 

Harry felt the ropes fall away and turned, rubbing his 
wrists, to see Ron running around the cellar, looking 
up at the low ceiling, searching for a trapdoor. Dean, 
his face bruised and bloody, said Thanks to Luna 
and stood there, shivering, but Griphook sank onto 
the cellar floor, looking groggy and disoriented, many 
welts across his swarthy face. 

Ron was now trying to Disapparate without a wand. 

Theres no way out, Ron, said Luna, watching his 
fruitless efforts. The cellar is completely escape 
proof. I tried, at first. Mr. Ollivander has been here for 
a long time, hes tried everything. 

Hermione was screaming again: The sound went 
through Harry like physical pain. Barely conscious of 
the fierce prickling of his scar, he too started to run 
around the cellar, feeling the walls for he hardly knew 
what, knowing in his heart that it was useless. 

What else did you take, what else? ANSWER ME! 
CRUCIO\ 

Hermione s screams echoed off the walls upstairs, 

Ron was half sobbing as he pounded the walls with 
his fists, and Harry in utter desperation seized 
Hagrids pouch from around his neck and groped 
inside it: He pulled out Dumbledores Snitch and 
  526 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




shook it, hoping for he did not know what  nothing 
happened  he waved the broken halves of the 
phoenix wand, but they were lifeless  the mirror 
fragment fell sparkling to the floor, and he saw a 
gleam of brightest blue  

Dumbledores eye was gazing at him out of the mirror. 

Help us! he yelled at it in mad desperation. Were in 
the cellar of Malfoy Manor, help us! 

The eye blinked and was gone. 

Harry was not even sure that it had really been there. 
He tilted the shard of mirror this way and that, and 
saw nothing reflected there but the walls and ceiling 
of their prison, and upstairs Hermione was screaming 
worse than ever, and next to him Ron was bellowing, 
HERMIONE! HERMIONE! 

How did you get into my vault? they heard Bellatrix 
scream. Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help 
you? 

We only met him tonight! Hermione sobbed. Weve 
never been inside your vault. ... It isnt the real sword! 
Its a copy, just a copy! 

A copy? screeched Bellatrix. Oh, a likely story! 

But we can find out easily! came Luciuss voice. 
Draco, fetch the goblin, he can tell us whether the 
sword is real or not! 

Harry dashed across the cellar to where Griphook was 
huddled on the floor. 



  527 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Griphook, he whispered into the goblins pointed 
ear, you must tell them that swords a fake, they 
mustnt know its the real one, Griphook, please   

He could hear someone scuttling down the cellar 
steps; next moment, Dracos shaking voice spoke 
from behind the door. 

Stand back. Line up against the back wall. Dont try 
anything, or Ill kill you! 

They did as they were bidden; as the lock turned, Ron 
clicked the Deluminator and the lights whisked back 
into his pocket, restoring the cellars darkness. The 
door flew open; Malfoy marched inside, wand held out 
in front of him, pale and determined. He seized the 
little goblin by the arm and backed out again, 
dragging Griphook with him. The door slammed shut 
and at the same moment a loud crack echoed inside 
the cellar. 

Ron clicked the Deluminator. Three balls of light flew 
back into the air from his pocket, revealing Dobby the 
houseelf, who had just Apparated into their midst. 

DOB  ! 



Harry hit Ron on the arm to stop him shouting, and 
Ron looked terrified at his mistake. Footsteps crossed 
the ceiling overhead: Draco marching Griphook to 
Bellatrix. 

Dobbys enormous, tennisballshaped eyes were 
wide; he was trembling from his feet to the tips of his 
ears. He was back in the home of his old masters, and 
it was clear that he was petrified. 

Harry Potter, he squeaked in the tiniest quiver of a 
voice, Dobby has come to rescue you. 

  528 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But how did you  ? 



An awful scream drowned Harrys words: Hermione 
was being tortured again. He cut to the essentials. 

You can Disapparate out of this cellar? he asked 
Dobby, who nodded, his ears flapping. 

And you can take humans with you? 

Dobby nodded again. 

Right. Dobby, I want you to grab Luna, Dean, and 
Mr. Ollivander, and take them  take them to   

Bill and Fleurs, said Ron. Shell Cottage on the 
outskirts of Tinworth! 

The elf nodded for a third time. 

And then come back, said Harry. Can you do that, 
Dobby? 

Of course, Harry Potter, whispered the little elf. He 
hurried over to Mr. Ollivander, who appeared to be 
barely conscious. He took one of the wandmakers 
hands in his own, then held out the other to Luna 
and Dean, neither of whom moved. 

Harry, we want to help you! Luna whispered. 

We cant leave you here, said Dean. 

Go, both of you! Well see you at Bill and Fleurs. 

As Harry spoke, his scar burned worse than ever, and 
for a few seconds he looked down, not upon the 
wandmaker, but on another man who was just as old, 
just as thin, but laughing scornfully. 

  529 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 Kill me, then, Voldemort, I welcome death! But my 
death will not bring you what you seek. . . . There is so 
much you do not understand. ... 

He felt Voldemorts fury, but as Hermione screamed 
again he shut it out, returning to the cellar and the 
horror of his own present. 

Go! Harry beseeched Luna and Dean. Go! Well 
follow, just go! 

They caught hold of the elfs outstretched fingers. 
There was another loud crack, and Dobby, Luna, 
Dean, and Ollivander vanished. 

What was that? shouted Lucius Malfoy from over 
their heads. Did you hear that? What was that noise 
in the cellar? 

Harry and Ron stared at each other. 

Draco  no, call Wormtail! Make him go and check! 

Footsteps crossed the room overhead, then there was 
silence. Harry knew that the people in the drawing 
room were listening for more noises from the cellar. 

Were going to have to try and tackle him, he 
whispered to Ron. They had no choice: The moment 
anyone entered the room and saw the absence of 
three prisoners, they were lost. Leave the lights on, 
Harry added, and as they heard someone descending 
the steps outside the door, they backed against the 
wall on either side of it. 

Stand back, came Wormtails voice. Stand away 
from the door. I am coming in. 



  530 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The door flew open. For a split second Wormtail gazed 
into the apparently empty cellar, ablaze with light 
from the three miniature suns floating in midair. 

Then Harry and Ron launched themselves upon him. 
Ron seized Wormtails wand arm and forced it 
upward; Harry slapped a hand to his mouth, muffling 
his voice. Silently they struggled: Wormtails wand 
emitted sparks; his silver hand closed around Harrys 
throat. 

What is it, Wormtail? called Lucius Malfoy from 
above. 

Nothing! Ron called back, in a passable imitation of 
Wormtails wheezy voice. All fine! 

Harry could barely breathe. 

Youre going to kill me? Harry choked, attempting to 
prise off the metal fingers. After I saved your life? 

You owe me, Wormtail! 

The silver fingers slackened. Harry had not expected 
it: He wrenched himself free, astonished, keeping his 
hand over Wormtails mouth. He saw the ratlike 
mans small watery eyes widen with fear and surprise: 
He seemed just as shocked as Harry at what his hand 
had done, at the tiny, merciful impulse it had 
betrayed, and he continued to struggle more 
powerfully, as though to undo that moment of 
weakness. 

And well have that, whispered Ron, tugging 
Wormtails wand from his other hand. 

Wandless, helpless, Pettigrews pupils dilated in 
terror. His eyes had slid from Harrys face to 
something else. His own silver fingers were moving 
inexorably toward his own throat. 

  531 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No   



Without pausing to think, Harry tried to drag back 
the hand, but there was no stopping it. The silver tool 
that Voldemort had given his most cowardly servant 
had turned upon its disarmed and useless owner; 
Pettigrew was reaping his reward for his hesitation, 
his moment of pity; he was being strangled before 
their eyes. 

No! 

Ron had released Wormtail too, and together he and 
Harry tried to pull the crushing metal fingers from 
around Wormtails throat, but it was no use. 

Pettigrew was turning blue. 

Relashiol said Ron, pointing the wand at the silver 
hand, but nothing happened; Pettigrew dropped to his 
knees, and at the same moment, Hermione gave a 
dreadful scream from overhead. Wormtails eyes rolled 
upward in his purple face; he gave a last twitch, and 
was still. 

Harry and Ron looked at each other, then leaving 
Wormtails body on the floor behind them, ran up the 
stairs and back into the shadowy passageway leading 
to the drawing room. Cautiously they crept along it 
until they reached the drawing room door, which was 
ajar. Now they had a clear view of Bellatrix looking 
down at Griphook, who was holding Gryffindors 
sword in his longfingered hands. Hermione was lying 
at Bellatrixs feet. She was barely stirring. 

Well? Bellatrix said to Griphook. Is it the true 
sword? 

Harry waited, holding his breath, fighting against the 
prickling of his scar. 

  532 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, said Griphook. It is a fake. 

Are you sure? panted Bellatrix. Quite sure? 

Yes, said the goblin. 

Relief broke across her face, all tension drained from 
it. 

Good, she said, and with a casual flick of her wand 
she slashed another deep cut into the goblins face, 
and he dropped with a yell at her feet. She kicked him 
aside. And now, she said in a voice that burst with 
triumph, we call the Dark Lord! 

And she pushed back her sleeve and touched her 
forefinger to the Dark Mark. 

At once, Harrys scar felt as though it had split open 
again. His true surroundings vanished: He was 
Voldemort, and the skeletal wizard before him was 
laughing toothlessly at him; he was enraged at the 
summons he felt  he had warned them, he had told 
them to summon him for nothing less than Potter. If 
they were mistaken . . . 

Kill me, then! demanded the old man. You will not 
win, you cannot win! That wand will never, ever be 
yours   

And Voldemorts fury broke: A burst of green light 
filled the prison room and the frail old body was lifted 
from its hard bed and then fell back, lifeless, and 
Voldemort returned to the window, his wrath barely 
controllable. ... They would suffer his retribution if 
they had no good reason for calling him back. . . . 

And I think, said Bellatrixs voice, we can dispose of 
the Mudblood. Greyback, take her if you want her. 

  533 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




NOOOOOOOOOOOO! 



Ron had burst into the drawing room; Bellatrix looked 
around, shocked; she turned her wand to face Ron 
instead  

 ExpelliarmusV he roared, pointing Wormtails wand 
at Bellatrix, and hers flew into the air and was caught 
by Harry, who had sprinted after Ron. Lucius, 
Narcissa, Draco, and Greyback wheeled about; Harry 
yelled, Stupefy\ and Lucius Malfoy collapsed onto 
the hearth. Jets of light flew from Dracos, Narcissas, 
and Greybacks wands; Harry threw himself to the 
floor, rolling behind a sofa to avoid them. 

STOP OR SHE DIES! 

Panting, Harry peered around the edge of the sofa. 
Bellatrix was supporting Hermione, who seemed to be 
unconscious, and was holding her short silver knife 
to Hermione s throat. 

Drop your wands, she whispered. Drop them, or 
well see exactly how filthy her blood is! 

Ron stood rigid, clutching Wormtails wand. Harry 
straightened up, still holding Bellatrixs. 

I said, drop them! she screeched, pressing the blade 
into Hermiones throat: Harry saw beads of blood 
appear there. 

All right! he shouted, and he dropped Bellatrixs 
wand onto the floor at his feet. Ron did the same with 
Wormtails. Both raised their hands to shoulder 
height. 

Good! she leered. Draco, pick them up! The Dark 
Lord is coming, Harry Potter! Your death approaches! 

  534 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry knew it; his scar was bursting with the pain of 
it, and he could feel Voldemort flying through the sky 
from far away, over a dark and stormy sea, and soon 
he would be close enough to Apparate to them, and 
Harry could see no way out. 

Now, said Bellatrix softly, as Draco hurried back to 
her with the wands, Cissy, I think we ought to tie 
these little heroes up again, while Greyback takes 
care of Miss Mudblood. I am sure the Dark Lord will 
not begrudge you the girl, Greyback, after what you 
have done tonight. 

At the last word there was a peculiar grinding noise 
from above. All of them looked upward in time to see 
the crystal chandelier tremble; then, with a creak and 
an ominous jingling, it began to fall. Bellatrix was 
directly beneath it; dropping Hermione, she threw 
herself aside with a scream. The chandelier crashed 
to the floor in an explosion of crystal and chains, 
falling on top of Hermione and the goblin, who still 
clutched the sword of Gryffindor. Glittering shards of 
crystal flew in all directions: Draco doubled over, his 
hands covering his bloody face. 

As Ron ran to pull Hermione out of the wreckage, 
Harry took his chance: He leapt over an armchair and 
wrested the three wands from Dracos grip, pointed all 
of them at Greyback, and yelled, Stupefyl The 
werewolf was lifted off his feet by the triple spell, flew 
up to the ceiling, and then smashed to the ground. 

As Narcissa dragged Draco out of the way of further 
harm, Bellatrix sprang to her feet, her hair flying as 
she brandished the silver knife; but Narcissa had 
directed her wand at the doorway. 

Dobby! she screamed, and even Bellatrix froze. 

You! You dropped the chandelier  ? 

  535 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The tiny elf trotted into the room, his shaking finger 
pointing at his old mistress. 

You must not hurt Harry Potter, he squeaked. 

Kill him, Cissy! shrieked Bellatrix, but there was 
another loud crack, and Narcissas wand too flew into 
the air and landed on the other side of the room. 

You dirty little monkey! bawled Bellatrix. How dare 
you take a witchs wand, how dare you defy your 
masters? 

Dobby has no master! squealed the elf. Dobby is a 
free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and 
his friends! 

Harrys scar was blinding him with pain. Dimly he 
knew that they had moments, seconds before 
Voldemort was with them. 

Ron, catch  and GO! he yelled, throwing one of the 
wands to him; then he bent down to tug Griphook out 
from under the chandelier. Hoisting the groaning 
goblin, who still clung to the sword, over one 
shoulder, Harry seized Dobbys hand and spun on the 
spot to Disapparate. 

As he turned into darkness he caught one last view of 
the drawing room: of the pale, frozen figures of 
Narcissa and Draco, of the streak of red that was 
Rons hair, and a blur of flying silver, as Bellatrixs 
knife flew across the room at the place where he was 
vanishing  

Bill and Fleurs . . . Shell Cottage . . . Bill and Fleurs . . . 

He had disappeared into the unknown; all he could 
do was repeat the name of the destination and hope 

  536 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that it would suffice to take him there. The pain in his 
forehead pierced him, and the weight of the goblin 
bore down upon him; he could feel the blade of 
Gryffindors sword bumping against his back; Dobbys 
hand jerked in his; he wondered whether the elf was 
trying to take charge, to pull them in the right 
direction, and tried, by squeezing the fingers, to 
indicate that that was fine with him. ... 

And then they hit solid earth and smelled salty air. 
Harry fell to his knees, relinquished Dobbys hand, 
and attempted to lower Griphook gently to the 
ground. 

Are you all right? he said as the goblin stirred, but 
Griphook merely whimpered. 

Harry squinted around through the darkness. There 
seemed to be a cottage a short way away under the 
wide starry sky, and he thought he saw movement 
outside it. 

Dobby, is this Shell Cottage? he whispered, 
clutching the two wands he had brought from the 
Malfoys, ready to fight if he needed to. Have we come 
to the right place? Dobby? 

He looked around. The little elf stood feet from him. 
DOBBY! 

The elf swayed slightly, stars reflected in his wide, 
shining eyes. Together, he and Harry looked down at 
the silver hilt of the knife protruding from the elfs 
heaving chest. 

Dobby  no  HELP! Harry bellowed toward the 
cottage, toward the people moving there. HELP! 



  537 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He did not know or care whether they were wizards or 
Muggles, friends or foes; all he cared about was that a 
dark stain was spreading across Dobbys front, and 
that he had stretched out his thin arms to Harry with 
a look of supplication. Harry caught him and laid him 
sideways on the cool grass. 

Dobby, no, dont die, dont die   

The elfs eyes found him, and his lips trembled with 
the effort to form words. 

Harry ... Potter ... 

And then with a little shudder the elf became quite 
still, and his eyes were nothing more than great 
glassy orbs, sprinkled with light from the stars they 
could not see. 



  538 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   





THE WANDMAKER 

It was like sinking into an old nightmare; for an 
instant Harry knelt again beside Dumbledores body 
at the foot of the tallest tower at Hogwarts, but in 
reality he was staring at a tiny body curled upon the 
grass, pierced by Bellatrixs silver knife. Harrys voice 
was still saying, Dobby ... Dobby ... even though he 
knew that the elf had gone where he could not call 
him back. 

After a minute or so he realized that they had, after 
all, come to the right place, for here were Bill and 
Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around him as he 
knelt over the elf. 

Hermione? he said suddenly. Where is she? 

Rons taken her inside, said Bill. Shell be all right. 

Harry looked back down at Dobby. He stretched out a 
hand and pulled the sharp blade from the elfs body, 
then dragged off his own jacket and covered Dobby in 
it like a blanket. 

  539 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



The sea was rushing against rock somewhere nearby; 
Harry listened to it while the others talked, discussing 
matters in which he could take no interest, making 
decisions. Dean carried the injured Griphook into the 
house, Fleur hurrying with them; now Bill was 
making suggestions about burying the elf. Harry 
agreed without really knowing what he was saying. As 
he did so, he gazed down at the tiny body, and his 
scar prickled and burned, and in one part of his 
mind, viewed as if from the wrong end of a long 
telescope, he saw Voldemort punishing those they 
had left behind at Malfoy Manor. His rage was 
dreadful and yet Harrys grief for Dobby seemed to 
diminish it, so that it became a distant storm that 
reached Harry from across a vast, silent ocean. 

I want to do it properly, were the first words of 
which Harry was fully conscious of speaking. Not by 
magic. Have you got a spade? 

And shortly afterward he had set to work, alone, 
digging the grave in the place that Bill had shown him 
at the end of the garden, between bushes. He dug 
with a kind of fury, relishing the manual work, 
glorying in the nonmagic of it, for every drop of his 
sweat and every blister felt like a gift to the elf who 
had saved their lives. 

His scar burned, but he was master of the pain; he 
felt it, yet was apart from it. He had learned control at 
last, learned to shut his mind to Voldemort, the very 
thing Dumbledore had wanted him to learn from 
Snape. Just as Voldemort had not been able to 
possess Harry while Harry was consumed with grief 
for Sirius, so his thoughts could not penetrate Harry 
now, while he mourned Dobby. Grief, it seemed, drove 
Voldemort out ... though Dumbledore, of course, 
would have said that it was love. ... 



  540 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold 
earth, subsuming his grief in sweat, denying the pain 
in his scar. In the darkness, with nothing but the 
sound of his own breath and the rushing sea to keep 
him company, the things that had happened at the 
Malfoys returned to him, the things he had heard 
came back to him, and understanding blossomed in 
the darkness. ... 

The steady rhythm of his arms beat time with his 
thoughts. Hallows ... Horcruxes ... Hallows ... 
Horcruxes ... Yet he no longer burned with that weird, 
obsessive longing. Loss and fear had snuffed it out: 

He felt as though he had been slapped awake again. 

Deeper and deeper Harry sank into the grave, and he 
knew where Voldemort had been tonight, and whom 
he had killed in the topmost cell of Nurmengard, and 
why. ... 

And he thought of Wormtail, dead because of one 
small unconscious impulse of mercy. . . . Dumbledore 
had foreseen that. ... How much more had he known? 

Harry lost track of time. He knew only that the 
darkness had lightened a few degrees when he was 
rejoined by Ron and Dean. 

Hows Hermione? 

Better, said Ron. Fleurs looking after her. 

Harry had his retort ready for when they asked him 
why he had not simply created a perfect grave with 
his wand, but he did not need it. They jumped down 
into the hole he had made with spades of their own, 
and together they worked in silence until the hole 
seemed deep enough. 



  541 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry wrapped the elf more snugly in his jacket. Ron 
sat on the edge of the grave and stripped off his shoes 
and socks, which he placed upon the elfs bare feet. 
Dean produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed 
carefully upon Dobbys head, muffling his batlike 
ears. 

We should close his eyes. 

Harry had not heard the others coming through the 
darkness. Bill was wearing a traveling cloak, Fleur a 
large white apron, from the pocket of which protruded 
a bottle of what Harry recognized to be SkeleGro. 
Hermione was wrapped in a borrowed dressing gown, 
pale and unsteady on her feet; Ron put an arm 
around her when she reached him. Luna, who was 
huddled in one of Fleurs coats, crouched down and 
placed her fingers tenderly upon each of the elfs 
eyelids, sliding them over his glassy stare. 

There, she said softly. Now he could be sleeping. 

Harry placed the elf into the grave, arranged his tiny 
limbs so that he might have been resting, then 
climbed out and gazed for the last time upon the little 
body. He forced himself not to break down as he 
remembered Dumbledores funeral, and the rows and 
rows of golden chairs, and the Minister of Magic in 
the front row, the recitation of Dumbledores 
achievements, the stateliness of the white marble 
tomb. He felt that Dobby deserved just as grand a 
funeral, and yet here the elf lay between bushes in a 
roughly dug hole. 

I think we ought to say something, piped up Luna. 
Ill go first, shall I? 

And as everybody looked at her, she addressed the 
dead elf at the bottom of the grave. 

  542 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Thank you so much, Dobby, for rescuing me from 
that cellar. Its so unfair that you had to die, when 
you were so good and brave. Ill always remember 
what you did for us. I hope youre happy now. 

She turned and looked expectantly at Ron, who 
cleared his throat and said in a thick voice, Yeah ... 
thanks, Dobby. 

Thanks, muttered Dean. 

Harry swallowed. 

Goodbye, Dobby, he said. It was all he could 
manage, but Luna had said it all for him. Bill raised 
his wand, and the pile of earth beside the grave rose 
up into the air and fell neatly upon it, a small, 
reddish mound. 

Dyou mind if I stay here a moment? he asked the 
others. 

They murmured words he did not catch; he felt gentle 
pats upon his back, and then they all traipsed back 
toward the cottage, leaving Harry alone beside the elf. 

He looked around: There were a number of large 
white stones, smoothed by the sea, marking the edge 
of the flower beds. He picked up one of the largest 
and laid it, pillowlike, over the place where Dobby s 
head now rested. He then felt in his pocket for a 
wand. 

There were two in there. He had forgotten, lost track; 
he could not now remember whose wands these were; 
he seemed to remember wrenching them out of 
someones hand. He selected the shorter of the two, 
which felt friendlier in his hand, and pointed it at the 
rock. 

  543 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Slowly, under his murmured instruction, deep cuts 
appeared upon the rocks surface. He knew that 
Hermione could have done it more neatly, and 
probably more quickly, but he wanted to mark the 
spot as he had wanted to dig the grave. When Harry 
stood up again, the stone read: 

HERE LIES DOBBY, A FREE ELF. 

He looked down at his handiwork for a few more 
seconds, then walked away, his scar still prickling a 
little, and his mind full of those things that had come 
to him in the grave, ideas that had taken shape in the 
darkness, ideas both fascinating and terrible. 

They were all sitting in the living room when he 
entered the little hall, their attention focused upon 
Bill, who was talking. The room was lightcolored, 
pretty, with a small fire of driftwood burning brightly 
in the fireplace. Harry did not want to drop mud upon 
the carpet, so he stood in the doorway, listening. 

"... lucky that Ginnys on holiday. If shed been at 
Hogwarts, they could have taken her before we 
reached her. Now we know shes safe too. 

He looked around and saw Harry standing there. 

Ive been getting them all out of the Burrow, he 
explained. Moved them to Muriels. The Death Eaters 
know Rons with you now, theyre bound to target the 
family  dont apologize, he added at the sight of 
Harrys expression. It was always a matter of time, 
Dads been saying so for months. Were the biggest 
bloodtraitor family there is. 

How are they protected? asked Harry. 



  544 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Fidelius Charm. Dads SecretKeeper. And weve 
done it on this cottage too; Im SecretKeeper here. 
None of us can go to work, but thats hardly the most 
important thing now. Once Ollivander and Griphook 
are well enough, well move them to Muriels too. 
There isnt much room here, but shes got plenty. 
Griphooks legs are on the mend, Fleurs given him 
SkeleGro; we could probably move them in an hour 



or  






No, Harry said, and Bill looked startled. I need both 
of them here. I need to talk to them. Its important. 

He heard the authority in his own voice, the 
conviction, the sense of purpose that had come to him 
as he dug Dobbys grave. All of their faces were 
turned toward him, looking puzzled. 

Im going to wash, Harry told Bill, looking down at 
his hands, still covered in mud and Dobbys blood. 
Then 111 need to see them, straightaway. 

He walked into the little kitchen, to the basin beneath 
a window overlooking the sea. Dawn was breaking 
over the horizon, shell pink and faintly gold, as he 
washed, again following the train of thought that had 
come to him in the dark garden. ... 

Dobby would never be able to tell them who had sent 
him to the cellar, but Harry knew what he had seen. 

A piercing blue eye had looked out of the mirror 
fragment, and then help had come. Help will always 
be given at Hog warts to those who ask for it 

Harry dried his hands, impervious to the beauty of 
the scene outside the window and to the murmuring 
of the others in the sitting room. He looked out over 
the ocean and felt closer, this dawn, than ever before, 
closer to the heart of it all. 

  545 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And still his scar prickled, and he knew that 
Voldemort was getting there too. Harry understood 
and yet did not understand. His instinct was telling 
him one thing, his brain quite another. The 
Dumbledore in Harrys head smiled, surveying Harry 
over the tips of his fingers, pressed together as if in 
prayer. 

You gave Ron the Deluminator. You understood him. . . . 
You gave him a way back. . . . 

And you understood Wormtail too. ... You knew there 
was a bit of regret there, somewhere. ... 

And if you knew them ... What did you know about 
me, Dumbledore? 

Am I meant to know, but not to seek? Did you know 
how hard Id find that? Is that why you made it this 
difficult? So Id have time to work that out? 

Harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place 
where a bright gold rim of dazzling sun was rising 
over the horizon. Then he looked down at his clean 
hands and was momentarily surprised to see the 
cloth he was holding in them. He set it down and 
returned to the hall, and as he did so, he felt his scar 
pulse angrily, and there flashed across his mind, swift 
as the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline 
of a building he knew extremely well. 

Bill and Fleur were standing at the foot of the stairs. 

I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander, Harry 
said. 

No, said Fleur. You will ave to wait, Arry. Zey are 
both ill, tired   



  546 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Im sorry, he said without heat, but it cant wait. I 
need to talk to them now. Privately  and separately. 
Its urgent. 

Harry, what the hells going on? asked Bill. You 
turn up here with a dead houseelf and a half 
conscious goblin, Hermione looks as though shes 
been tortured, and Rons just refused to tell me 
anything   

We cant tell you what were doing, said Harry flatly. 
Youre in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left 
us a mission. Were not supposed to talk about it to 
anyone else. 

Fleur made an impatient noise, but Bill did not look 
at her; he was staring at Harry. His deeply scarred 
face was hard to read. Finally Bill said, All right. Who 
do you want to talk to first? 

Harry hesitated. He knew what hung on his decision. 
There was hardly any time left; now was the moment 
to decide: Horcruxes or Hallows? 

Griphook, Harry said. Ill speak to Griphook first. 

His heart was racing as if he had been sprinting and 
had just cleared an enormous obstacle. 

Up here, then, said Bill, leading the way. 

Harry had walked up several steps before stopping 
and looking back. 

I need you two as well! he called to Ron and 
Hermione, who had been skulking, half concealed, in 
the doorway of the sitting room. 

They both moved into the light, looking oddly relieved. 

  547 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




How are you? Harry asked Hermione. You were 
amazing  coming up with that story when she was 
hurting you like that   

Hermione gave a weak smile as Ron gave her a one 
armed squeeze. 

What are we doing now, Harry? he asked. 

Youll see. Come on. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Bill up the steep 
stairs onto a small landing. Three doors led off it. 

In here, said Bill, opening the door into his and 
Fleurs room. It too had a view of the sea, now flecked 
with gold in the sunrise. Harry moved to the window, 
turned his back on the spectacular view, and waited, 
his arms folded, his scar prickling. Hermione took the 
chair beside the dressing table; Ron sat on the arm. 

Bill reappeared, carrying the little goblin, whom he 
set down carefully upon the bed. Griphook grunted 
thanks, and Bill left, closing the door upon them all. 

Im sorry to take you out of bed, said Harry. How 
are your legs? 

Painful, replied the goblin. But mending. 

He was still clutching the sword of Gryffindor, and 
wore a strange look: half truculent, half intrigued. 
Harry noted the goblins sallow skin, his long thin 
fingers, his black eyes. Fleur had removed his shoes: 
His long feet were dirty. He was larger than a house 
elf, but not by much. His domed head was much 
bigger than a humans. 

You probably dont remember   Harry began. 

  548 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




  that I was the goblin who showed you to your 
vault, the first time you ever visited Gringotts? said 
Griphook. I remember, Harry Potter. Even amongst 
goblins, you are very famous. 

Harry and the goblin looked at each other, sizing each 
other up. Harrys scar was still prickling. He wanted 
to get through this interview with Griphook quickly, 
and at the same time was afraid of making a false 
move. While he tried to decide on the best way to 
approach his request, the goblin broke the silence. 

You buried the elf, he said, sounding unexpectedly 
rancorous. I watched you from the window of the 
bedroom next door. 

Yes, said Harry. 

Griphook looked at him out of the corners of his 
slanting black eyes. 

You are an unusual wizard, Harry Potter. 

In what way? asked Harry, rubbing his scar 
absently. 

You dug the grave. 

So? 

Griphook did not answer. Harry rather thought he 
was being sneered at for acting like a Muggle, but it 
did not much matter to him whether Griphook 
approved of Dobbys grave or not. He gathered himself 
for the attack. 

Griphook, I need to ask   

You also rescued a goblin. 

  549 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What? 



You brought me here. Saved me. 

Well, I take it youre not sorry? said Harry a little 
impatiently. 

No, Harry Potter, said Griphook, and with one finger 
he twisted the thin black beard upon his chin, but 
you are a very odd wizard. 

Right, said Harry. Well, I need some help, 

Griphook, and you can give it to me. 

The goblin made no sign of encouragement, but 
continued to frown at Harry as though he had never 
seen anything like him. 

I need to break into a Gringotts vault. 

Harry had not meant to say it so baldly; the words 
were forced from him as pain shot through his 
lightning scar and he saw, again, the outline of 
Hogwarts. He closed his mind firmly. He needed to 
deal with Griphook first. Ron and Hermione were 
staring at Harry as though he had gone mad. 

Harry   said Hermione, but she was cut off by 
Griphook. 

Break into a Gringotts vault? repeated the goblin, 
wincing a little as he shifted his position upon the 
bed. It is impossible. 

No, it isnt, Ron contradicted him. Its been done. 

Yeah, said Harry. The same day I first met you, 
Griphook. My birthday, seven years ago. 



  550 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The vault in question was empty at the time, 
snapped the goblin, and Harry understood that even 
though Griphook had left Gringotts, he was offended 
at the idea of its defenses being breached. Its 
protection was minimal. 

Well, the vault we need to get into isnt empty, and 
Im guessing its protection will be pretty powerful, 
said Harry. It belongs to the Lestranges. 

He saw Hermione and Ron look at each other, 
astonished, but there would be time enough to 
explain after Griphook had given his answer. 

You have no chance, said Griphook flatly. No 
chance at all. If you seek beneath our floors, a 
treasure that was never yours   

Thief you have been warned, beware  yeah, I 
know, I remember, said Harry. But Im not trying to 
get myself any treasure, Im not trying to take 
anything for personal gain. Can you believe that? 

The goblin looked slantwise at Harry, and the 
lightning scar on Harrys forehead prickled, but he 
ignored it, refusing to acknowledge its pain or its 
invitation. 

If there was a wizard of whom I would believe that 
they did not seek personal gain, said Griphook 
finally, it would be you, Harry Potter. Goblins and 
elves are not used to the protection or the respect 
that you have shown this night. Not from wand 
carriers. 

Wandcarriers, repeated Harry: The phrase fell oddly 
upon his ears as his scar prickled, as Voldemort 
turned his thoughts northward, and as Harry burned 
to question Ollivander next door. 

  551 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The right to carry a wand, said the goblin quietly, 
has long been contested between wizards and 
goblins. 

Well, goblins can do magic without wands, said 
Ron. 

That is immaterial! Wizards refuse to share the 
secrets of wandlore with other magical beings, they 
deny us the possibility of extending our powers! 

Well, goblins wont share any of their magic either, 
said Ron. You wont tell us how to make swords and 
armor the way you do. Goblins know how to work 
metal in a way wizards have never   

It doesnt matter, said Harry, noting Griphooks 
rising color. This isnt about wizards versus goblins 
or any other sort of magical creature   

Griphook gave a nasty laugh. 

But it is, it is about precisely that! As the Dark Lord 
becomes ever more powerful, your race is set still 
more firmly above mine! Gringotts falls under 
Wizarding rule, houseelves are slaughtered, and who 
amongst the wandcarriers protests? 

We do! said Hermione. She had sat up straight, her 
eyes bright. We protest! And Im hunted quite as 
much as any goblin or elf, Griphook! Im a Mudblood! 

Dont call yourself   Ron muttered. 

Why shouldnt I? said Hermione. Mudblood, and 
proud of it! Ive got no higher position under this new 
order than you have, Griphook! It was me they chose 
to torture, back at the Malfoys! 



  552 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




As she spoke, she pulled aside the neck of the 
dressing gown to reveal the thin cut Bellatrix had 
made, scarlet against her throat. 

Did you know that it was Harry who set Dobby free? 
she asked. Did you know that weve wanted elves to 
be freed for years? (Ron fidgeted uncomfortably on 
the arm of Hermiones chair.) You cant want You 
KnowWho defeated more than we do, Griphook! 

The goblin gazed at Hermione with the same curiosity 
he had shown Harry. 

What do you seek within the Lestranges vault? he 
asked abruptly. The sword that lies inside it is a 
fake. This is the real one. He looked from one to the 
other of them. I think that you already know this. 

You asked me to lie for you back there. 

But the fake sword isnt the only thing in that vault, 
is it? asked Harry. Perhaps youve seen the other 
things in there? 

His heart was pounding harder than ever. He 
redoubled his efforts to ignore the pulsing of his scar. 

The goblin twisted his beard around his finger again. 

It is against our code to speak of the secrets of 
Gringotts. We are the guardians of fabulous 
treasures. We have a duty to the objects placed in our 
care, which were, so often, wrought by our fingers. 

The goblin stroked the sword, and his black eyes 
roved from Harry to Hermione to Ron and then back 
again. 

So young, he said finally, to be fighting so many. 



  553 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Will you help us? said Harry. We havent got a hope 
of breaking in without a goblins help. Youre our one 
chance. 

I shall ... think about it, said Griphook 
maddeningly. 

But   Ron started angrily; Hermione nudged him in 
the ribs. 

Thank you, said Harry. 

The goblin bowed his great domed head in 
acknowledgement, then flexed his short legs. 

I think, he said, settling himself ostentatiously upon 
Bill and Fleurs bed, that the SkeleGro has finished 
its work. I may be able to sleep at last. Forgive me. ... 

Yeah, of course, said Harry, but before leaving the 
room he leaned forward and took the sword of 
Gryffindor from beside the goblin. Griphook did not 
protest, but Harry thought he saw resentment in the 
goblins eyes as he closed the door upon him. 

Little git, whispered Ron. Hes enjoying keeping us 
hanging. 

Harry, whispered Hermione, pulling them both away 
from the door, into the middle of the stilldark 
landing, are you saying what I think youre saying? 
Are you saying theres a Horcrux in the Lestranges 
vault? 

Yes, said Harry. Bellatrix was terrified when she 
thought wed been in there, she was beside herself. 
Why? What did she think wed seen, what else did she 
think we might have taken? Something she was 
petrified YouKnowWho would find out about. 

  554 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But I thought we were looking for places YouKnow 
Whos been, places hes done something important? 
said Ron, looking baffled. Was he ever inside the 
Lestranges vault? 

I dont know whether he was ever inside Gringotts, 
said Harry. He never had gold there when he was 
younger, because nobody left him anything. He would 
have seen the bank from the outside, though, the first 
time he ever went to Diagon Alley. 

Harrys scar throbbed, but he ignored it; he wanted 
Ron and Hermione to understand about Gringotts 
before they spoke to Ollivander. 

I think he would have envied anyone who had a key 
to a Gringotts vault. I think hed have seen it as a real 
symbol of belonging to the Wizarding world. And dont 
forget, he trusted Bellatrix and her husband. They 
were his most devoted servants before he fell, and 
they went looking for him after he vanished. He said it 
the night he came back, I heard him. 

Harry rubbed his scar. 

I dont think hed have told Bellatrix it was a 
Horcrux, though. He never told Lucius Malfoy the 
truth about the diary. He probably told her it was a 
treasured possession and asked her to place it in her 
vault. The safest place in the world for anything you 
want to hide, Hagrid told me ... except for Hogwarts. 

When Harry had finished speaking, Ron shook his 
head. 

You really understand him. 



  555 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Bits of him, said Harry. Bits ... I just wish Id 
understood Dumbledore as much. But well see. 

Come on  Ollivander now. 

Ron and Hermione looked bewildered but impressed 
as they followed him across the little landing and 
knocked upon the door opposite Bill and Fleurs. A 
weak Come in! answered them. 

The wandmaker was lying on the twin bed farthest 
from the window. He had been held in the cellar for 
more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on at 
least one occasion. He was emaciated, the bones of 
his face sticking out sharply against the yellowish 
skin. His great silver eyes seemed vast in their 
sunken sockets. The hands that lay upon the blanket 
could have belonged to a skeleton. Harry sat down on 
the empty bed, beside Ron and Hermione. The rising 
sun was not visible here. The room faced the cliff top 
garden and the freshly dug grave. 

Mr. Ollivander, Im sorry to disturb you, Harry said. 

My dear boy. Ollivanders voice was feeble. You 
rescued us. I thought we would die in that place. I 
can never thank you ... never thank you ... enough. 

We were glad to do it. 

Harrys scar throbbed. He knew, he was certain, that 
there was hardly any time left in which to beat 
Voldemort to his goal, or else to attempt to thwart 
him. He felt a flutter of panic ... yet he had made his 
decision when he chose to speak to Griphook first. 
Feigning a calm he did not feel, he groped in the 
pouch around his neck and took out the two halves of 
his broken wand. 

Mr. Ollivander, I need some help. 

  556 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Anything. Anything, said the wandmaker weakly. 

Can you mend this? Is it possible? 

Ollivander held out a trembling hand, and Harry 
placed the two barely connected halves into his palm. 

Holly and phoenix feather, said Ollivander in a 
tremulous voice. Eleven inches. Nice and supple. 

Yes, said Harry. Can you  ? 

No, whispered Ollivander. I am sorry, very sorry, 
but a wand that has suffered this degree of damage 
cannot be repaired by any means that I know of. 

Harry had been braced to hear it, but it was a blow 
nevertheless. He took the wand halves back and 
replaced them in the pouch around his neck. 
Ollivander stared at the place where the shattered 
wand had vanished, and did not look away until 
Harry had taken from his pocket the two wands he 
had brought from the Malfoys. 

Can you identify these? Harry asked. 

The wandmaker took the first of the wands and held 
it close to his faded eyes, rolling it between his 
knobbleknuckled fingers, flexing it slightly. 

Walnut and dragon heartstring, he said. Twelve 
andthreequarter inches. Unyielding. This wand 
belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange. 

And this one? 

Ollivander performed the same examination. 



  557 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hawthorn and unicorn hair. Ten inches precisely. 
Reasonably springy. This was the wand of Draco 
Malfoy. 



Was? repeated Harry. Isnt it still his? 
Perhaps not. If you took it   

 I did   



  then it may be yours. Of course, the manner of 
taking matters. Much also depends upon the wand 
itself. In general, however, where a wand has been 
won, its allegiance will change. 

There was silence in the room, except for the distant 
rushing of the sea. 

You talk about wands like theyve got feelings, said 
Harry, like they can think for themselves. 

The wand chooses the wizard, said Ollivander. That 
much has always been clear to those of us who have 
studied wandlore. 

A person can still use a wand that hasnt chosen 
them, though? asked Harry. 

Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to 
channel your magic through almost any instrument. 
The best results, however, must always come where 
there is the strongest affinity between wizard and 
wand. These connections are complex. An initial 
attraction, and then a mutual quest for experience, 
the wand learning from the wizard, the wizard from 
the wand. 

The sea gushed forward and backward; it was a 
mournful sound. 

  558 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I took this wand from Draco Malfoy by force, said 
Harry. Can I use it safely? 

I think so. Subtle laws govern wand ownership, but 
the conquered wand will usually bend its will to its 
new master. 

So I should use this one? said Ron, pulling 
Wormtails wand out of his pocket and handing it to 
Ollivander. 

Chestnut and dragon heartstring. Nineanda 
quarter inches. Brittle. I was forced to make this 
shortly after my kidnapping, for Peter Pettigrew. Yes, 
if you won it, it is more likely to do your bidding, and 
do it well, than another wand. 

And this holds true for all wands, does it? asked 
Harry. 

I think so, replied Ollivander, his protuberant eyes 
upon Harrys face. You ask deep questions, Mr. 

Potter. Wandlore is a complex and mysterious branch 
of magic. 

So, it isnt necessary to kill the previous owner to 
take true possession of a wand? asked Harry. 

Ollivander swallowed. 

Necessary? No, I should not say that it is necessary 
to kill. 

There are legends, though, said Harry, and as his 
heart rate quickened, the pain in his scar became 
more intense; he was sure that Voldemort had 
decided to put his idea into action. Legends about a 
wand  or wands  that have passed from hand to 
hand by murder. 

  559 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ollivander turned pale. Against the snowy pillow he 
was light gray, and his eyes were enormous, 
bloodshot, and bulging with what looked like fear. 

Only one wand, I think, he whispered. 

And YouKnowWho is interested in it, isnt he? 
asked Harry. 

I  how? croaked Ollivander, and he looked 
appealingly at Ron and Hermione for help. How do 
you know this? 

He wanted you to tell him how to overcome the 
connection between our wands, said Harry. 

Ollivander looked terrified. 

He tortured me, you must understand that! The 
Cruciatus Curse, I  I had no choice but to tell him 
what I knew, what I guessed! 

I understand, said Harry. You told him about the 
twin cores? You said he just had to borrow another 
wizards wand? 

Ollivander looked horrified, transfixed, by the amount 
that Harry knew. He nodded slowly. 

But it didnt work, Harry went on. Mine still beat 
the borrowed wand. Do you know why that is? 

Ollivander shook his head as slowly as he had just 
nodded. 

I had ... never heard of such a thing. Your wand 
performed something unique that night. The 
connection of the twin cores is incredibly rare, yet 



  560 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




why your wand should have snapped the borrowed 
wand, I do not know. ... 

We were talking about the other wand, the wand that 
changes hands by murder. When YouKnowWho 
realized my wand had done something strange, he 
came back and asked about that other wand, didnt 
he? 

How do you know this? 

Harry did not answer. 

Yes, he asked, whispered Ollivander. He wanted to 
know everything I could tell him about the wand 
variously known as the Deathstick, the Wand of 
Destiny, or the Elder Wand. 

Harry glanced sideways at Hermione. She looked 
flabbergasted. 

The Dark Lord, said Ollivander in hushed and 
frightened tones, had always been happy with the 
wand I made him  yew and phoenix feather, 
thirteenandahalf inches  until he discovered the 
connection of the twin cores. Now he seeks another, 
more powerful wand, as the only way to conquer 
yours. 

But hell know soon, if he doesnt already, that 
mines broken beyond repair, said Harry quietly. 

No! said Hermione, sounding frightened. He cant 
know that, Harry, how could he  ? 

Priori Incantatem, said Harry. We left your wand 
and the blackthorn wand at the Malfoys, Hermione. If 
they examine them properly, make them recreate the 
spells theyve cast lately, theyll see that yours broke 

  561 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




mine, theyll see that you tried and failed to mend it, 
and theyll realize that Ive been using the blackthorn 
one ever since. 

The little color she had regained since their arrival 
had drained from her face. Ron gave Harry a 
reproachful look, and said, Lets not worry about 
that now   

But Mr. Ollivander intervened. 

The Dark Lord no longer seeks the Elder Wand only 
for your destruction, Mr. Potter. He is determined to 
possess it because he believes it will make him truly 
invulnerable. 

And will it? 

The owner of the Elder Wand must always fear 
attack, said Ollivander, but the idea of the Dark 
Lord in possession of the Deathstick is, I must admit 
... formidable. 

Harry was suddenly reminded of how he had been 
unsure, when they first met, of how much he liked 
Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and 
imprisoned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark wizard 
in possession of this wand seemed to enthrall him as 
much as it repulsed him. 

You  you really think this wand exists, then, Mr. 
Ollivander? asked Hermione. 

Oh yes, said Ollivander. Yes, it is perfectly possible 
to trace the wands course through history. There are 
gaps, of course, and long ones, where it vanishes from 
view, temporarily lost or hidden; but always it 
resurfaces. It has certain identifying characteristics 
that those who are learned in wandlore recognize. 
  562 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There are written accounts, some of them obscure, 
that I and other wandmakers have made it our 
business to study. They have the ring of authenticity. 

So you  you dont think it can be a fairy tale or a 
myth? Hermione asked hopefully. 

No, said Ollivander. Whether it needs to pass by 
murder, I do not know. Its history is bloody, but that 
may be simply due to the fact that it is such a 
desirable object, and arouses such passions in 
wizards. Immensely powerful, dangerous in the wrong 
hands, and an object of incredible fascination to all of 
us who study the power of wands. 

Mr. Ollivander, said Harry, you told YouKnowWho 
that Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand, didnt you? 

Ollivander turned, if possible, even paler. He looked 
ghostly as he gulped. 

But how  how do you  ? 

Never mind how I know it, said Harry, closing his 
eyes momentarily as his scar burned and he saw, for 
mere seconds, a vision of the main street in 
Hogsmeade, still dark, because it was so much 
farther north. You told YouKnowWho that 
Gregorovitch had the wand? 

It was a rumor, whispered Ollivander. A rumor, 
years and years ago, long before you were born! I 
believe Gregorovitch himself started it. You can see 
how good it would be for business: that he was 
studying and duplicating the qualities of the Elder 
Wand! 

Yes, I can see that, said Harry. He stood up. Mr. 
Ollivander, one last thing, and then well let you get 

  563 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




some rest. What do you know about the Deathly 
Hallows? 



The  the what? asked the wandmaker, looking 
utterly bewildered. 

The Deathly Hallows. 

Im afraid I dont know what youre talking about. Is 
this still something to do with wands? 

Harry looked into the sunken face and believed that 
Ollivander was not acting. He did not know about the 
Hallows. 

Thank you, said Harry. Thank you very much. Well 
leave you to get some rest now. 

Ollivander looked stricken. 

He was torturing me! he gasped. The Cruciatus 
Curse ... you have no idea. ... 

I do, said Harry. I really do. Please get some rest. 
Thank you for telling me all of this. 

He led Ron and Hermione down the staircase. Harry 
caught a glimpse of Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean 
sitting at the table in the kitchen, cups of tea in front 
of them. They all looked up at Harry as he appeared 
in the doorway, but he merely nodded to them and 
continued into the garden, Ron and Hermione behind 
him. The reddish mound of earth that covered Dobby 
lay ahead, and Harry walked back to it, as the pain in 
his head built more and more powerfully. It was a 
huge effort now to close down the visions that were 
forcing themselves upon him, but he knew that he 
would have to resist only a little longer. He would 
yield very soon, because he needed to know that his 
  564 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




theory was right. He must make only one more short 
effort, so that he could explain to Ron and Hermione. 

Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand a long time ago, 
he said. I saw YouKnowWho trying to find him. 
When he tracked him down, he found that 
Gregorovitch didnt have it anymore: It was stolen 
from him by Grindelwald. How Grindelwald found out 
that Gregorovitch had it, I dont know  but if 
Gregorovitch was stupid enough to spread the rumor, 
it cant have been that difficult. 

Voldemort was at the gates of Hogwarts; Harry could 
see him standing there, and see too the lamp bobbing 
in the predawn, coming closer and closer. 

And Grindelwald used the Elder Wand to become 
powerful. And at the height of his power, when 
Dumbledore knew he was the only one who could 
stop him, he dueled Grindelwald and beat him, and 
he took the Elder Wand. 

Dumbledore had the Elder Wand? said Ron. But 
then  where is it now? 

At Hogwarts, said Harry, fighting to remain with 
them in the clifftop garden. 

But then, lets go! said Ron urgently. Harry, lets go 
and get it before he does! 

Its too late for that, said Harry. He could not help 
himself, but clutched his head, trying to help it resist. 
He knows where it is. Hes there now. 

Harry! Ron said furiously. How long have you 
known this  why have we been wasting time? Why 
did you talk to Griphook first? We could have gone  
we could still go   

  565 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, said Harry, and he sank to his knees in the 
grass. Hermiones right. Dumbledore didnt want me 
to have it. He didnt want me to take it. He wanted me 
to get the Horcruxes. 

The unbeatable wand, Harry! moaned Ron. 

Im not supposed to ... Im supposed to get the 
Horcruxes. ... 

And now everything was cool and dark: The sun was 
barely visible over the horizon as he glided alongside 
Snape, up through the grounds toward the lake. 

I shall join you in the castle shortly, he said in his 
high, cold voice. Leave me now. 

Snape bowed and set off back up the path, his black 
cloak billowing behind him. Harry walked slowly, 
waiting for Snape s figure to disappear. It would not 
do for Snape, or indeed anyone else, to see where he 
was going. But there were no lights in the castle 
windows, and he could conceal himself ... and in a 
second he had cast upon himself a Disillusionment 
Charm that hid him even from his own eyes. 

And he walked on, around the edge of the lake, taking 
in the outlines of the beloved castle, his first kingdom, 
his birthright. ... 

And here it was, beside the lake, reflected in the dark 
waters. The white marble tomb, an unnecessary blot 
on the familiar landscape. He felt again that rush of 
controlled euphoria, that heady sense of purpose in 
destruction. He raised the old yew wand: How fitting 
that this would be its last great act. 



  566 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The tomb split open from head to foot. The shrouded 
figure was as long and thin as it had been in life. He 
raised the wand again. 

The wrappings fell open. The face was translucent, 
pale, sunken, yet almost perfectly preserved. They 
had left his spectacles on the crooked nose: He felt 
amused derision. Dumbledores hands were folded 
upon his chest, and there it lay, clutched beneath 
them, buried with him. 

Had the old fool imagined that marble or death would 
protect the wand? Had he thought that the Dark Lord 
would be scared to violate his tomb? The spiderlike 
hand swooped and pulled the wand from 
Dumbledores grasp, and as he took it, a shower of 
sparks flew from its tip, sparkling over the corpse of 
its last owner, ready to serve a new master at last. 



  567 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






SHELL COTTAGE 

Bill and Fleurs cottage stood alone on a cliff 
overlooking the sea, its walls embedded with shells 
and whitewashed. It was a lonely and beautiful place. 
Wherever Harry went inside the tiny cottage or its 
garden, he could hear the constant ebb and flow of 
the sea, like the breathing of some great, slumbering 
creature. He spent much of the next few days making 
excuses to escape the crowded cottage, craving the 
clifftop view of open sky and wide, empty sea, and 
the feel of cold, salty wind on his face. 

The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to 
the wand still scared Harry. He could not remember, 
ever before, choosing not to act. He was full of doubts, 
doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they 
were together. 

What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the 
symbol in time to get the wand? What if working out 
what the symbol meant made you worthy to get the 
Hallows? Harry, if that really is the Elder Wand, 
how the hell are we supposed to finish off YouKnow 

P a g e  568 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Who? Harry had no answers: There were moments 
when he wondered whether it had been outright 
madness not to try to prevent Voldemort breaking 
open the tomb. He could not even explain 
satisfactorily why he had decided against it: Every 
time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments 
that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to 
him. 

The odd thing was that Hermiones support made him 
feel just as confused as Rons doubts. Now forced to 
accept that the Elder Wand was real, she maintained 
that it was an evil object, and that the way Voldemort 
had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be 
considered. 

You could never have done that, Harry, she said 
again and again. You couldnt have broken into 
Dumbledores grave. 

But the idea of Dumbledores corpse frightened Harry 
much less than the possibility that he might have 
misunderstood the living Dumbledores intentions. He 
felt that he was still groping in the dark; he had 
chosen his path but kept looking back, wondering 
whether he had misread the signs, whether he should 
not have taken the other way. From time to time, 
anger at Dumbledore crashed over him again, 
powerful as the waves slamming themselves against 
the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore 
had not explained before he died. 

But is he dead? said Ron, three days after they had 
arrived at the cottage. Harry had been staring out 
over the wall that separated the cottage garden from 
the cliff when Ron and Hermione had found him; he 
wished they had not, having no wish to join in with 
their argument. 



  569 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yes, he is, Ron, please dont start that again! 

Look at the facts, Hermione, said Ron, speaking 
across Harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon. 
The silver doe. The sword. The eye Harry saw in the 
mirror   

Harry admits he could have imagined the eye! Dont 
you, Harry? 

I could have, said Harry without looking at her. 

But you dont think you did, do you? asked Ron. 

No, I dont, said Harry. 

There you go! said Ron quickly, before Hermione 
could carry on. If it wasnt Dumbledore, explain how 
Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione? 

I cant  but can you explain how Dumbledore sent 
him to us if hes lying in a tomb at Hogwarts? 

I dunno, it couldve been his ghost! 

Dumbledore wouldnt come back as a ghost, said 
Harry. There was little about Dumbledore he was sure 
of now, but he knew that much. He would have gone 
on. 

What dyou mean, gone on? asked Ron, but before 
Harry could say any more, a voice behind them said,  
Arry? 

Fleur had come out of the cottage, her long silver hair 
flying in the breeze. 



  570 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 Arry, Gripook would like to speak to you. E eez in 
ze smallest bedroom, e says e does not want to be 
overeard. 

Her dislike of the goblin sending her to deliver 
messages was clear; she looked irritable as she 
walked back around the house. 

Griphook was waiting for them, as Fleur had said, in 
the tiniest of the cottages three bedrooms, in which 
Hermione and Luna slept by night. He had drawn the 
red cotton curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, 
which gave the room a fiery glow at odds with the rest 
of the airy, light cottage. 

I have reached my decision, Harry Potter, said the 
goblin, who was sitting crosslegged in a low chair, 
drumming its arms with his spindly fingers. Though 
the goblins of Gringotts will consider it base 
treachery, I have decided to help you   

Thats great! said Harry, relief surging through him. 
Griphook, thank you, were really   

  in return, said the goblin firmly, for payment. 

Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated. 

How much do you want? Ive got gold. 

Not gold, said Griphook. I have gold. 

His black eyes glittered; there were no whites to his 
eyes. 

I want the sword. The sword of Godric Gryffindor. 
Harrys spirits plummeted. 



  571 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You cant have that, he said. Im sorry. 

Then, said the goblin softly, we have a problem. 

We can give you something else, said Ron eagerly. 
Ill bet the Lestranges have got loads of stuff, you can 
take your pick once we get into the vault. 

He had said the wrong thing. Griphook flushed 
angrily. 

I am not a thief, boy! I am not trying to procure 
treasures to which I have no right! 

The swords ours   

It is not, said the goblin. 

Were Gryffindors, and it was Godric Gryffindors   

And before it was Gryffindors, whose was it? 
demanded the goblin, sitting up straight. 

No ones, said Ron. It was made for him, wasnt it? 

No! cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he 
pointed a long finger at Ron. Wizarding arrogance 
again! That sword was Ragnuk the Firsts, taken from 
him by Godric Gryffindor! It is a lost treasure, a 
masterpiece of goblinwork! It belongs with the 
goblins! The sword is the price of my hire, take it or 
leave it! 

Griphook glared at them. Harry glanced at the other 
two, then said, We need to discuss this, Griphook, if 
thats all right. Could you give us a few minutes? 

The goblin nodded, looking sour. 



  572 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked 
to the fireplace, brow furrowed, trying to think what 
to do. Behind him, Ron said, Hes having a laugh. We 
cant let him have that sword. 

It is true? Harry asked Hermione. Was the sword 
stolen by Gryffindor? 

I dont know, she said hopelessly. Wizarding history 
often skates over what the wizards have done to other 
magical races, but theres no account that I know of 
that says Gryffindor stole the sword. 

Itll be one of those goblin stories, said Ron, about 
how the wizards are always trying to get one over on 
them. I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he 
hasnt asked for one of our wands. 

Goblins have got good reason to dislike wizards, 

Ron, said Hermione. Theyve been treated brutally in 
the past. 

Goblins arent exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, 
are they? said Ron. Theyve killed plenty of us. 
Theyve fought dirty too. 

But arguing with Griphook about whose race is most 
underhanded and violent isnt going to make him 
more likely to help us, is it? 

There was a pause while they tried to think of a way 
around the problem. Harry looked out of the window 
at Dobbys grave. Luna was arranging sea lavender in 
a jam jar beside the headstone. 

Okay, said Ron, and Harry turned back to face him, 
hows this? We tell Griphook we need the sword until 
we get inside the vault, and then he can have it. 



  573 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theres a fake in there, isnt there? We switch them, 
and give him the fake. 

Ron, hed know the difference better than we would! 
said Hermione. Hes the only one who realized there 
had been a swap! 

Yeah, but we could scarper before he realizes   

He quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving 
him. 

That, she said quietly, is despicable. Ask for his 
help, then doublecross him? And you wonder why 
goblins dont like wizards, Ron? 

Rons ears had turned red. 

All right, all right! It was the only thing I could think 
of! Whats your solution, then? 

We need to offer him something else, something just 
as valuable. 

Brilliant. Ill go and get one of our other ancient 
goblinmade swords and you can gift wrap it. 

Silence fell between them again. Harry was sure that 
the goblin would accept nothing but the sword, even 
if they had something as valuable to offer him. Yet the 
sword was their one, indispensable weapon against 
the Horcruxes. 

He closed his eyes for a moment or two and listened 
to the rush of the sea. The idea that Gryffindor might 
have stolen the sword was unpleasant to him: He had 
always been proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had 
been the champion of Muggleborns, the wizard who 
had clashed with the purebloodloving Slytherin. ... 
  574 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Maybe hes lying, Harry said, opening his eyes 
again. Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor didnt take the 
sword. How do we know the goblin version of historys 
right? 

Does it make a difference? asked Hermione. 
Changes how I feel about it, said Harry. 

He took a deep breath. 

Well tell him he can have the sword after hes helped 
us get into that vault  but well be careful to avoid 
telling him exactly when he can have it. 

A grin spread slowly across Rons face. Hermione, 
however, looked alarmed. 

Harry, we cant   

He can have it, Harry went on, after weve used it 
on all of the Horcruxes. Ill make sure he gets it then. 
Ill keep my word. 

But that could be years! said Hermione. 

I know that, but he neednt. I wont be lying ... 
really. 

Harry met her eyes with a mixture of defiance and 
shame. He remembered the words that had been 
engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE 
GREATER GOOD. He pushed the idea away. What 
choice did they have? 

I dont like it, said Hermione. 

Nor do I, much, Harry admitted. 



  575 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Well, I think its genius, said Ron, standing up 
again. Lets go and tell him. 



Back in the smallest bedroom, Harry made the offer, 
careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time 
for the handover of the sword. Hermione frowned at 
the floor while he was speaking; he felt irritated at 
her, afraid that she might give the game away. 
However, Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry. 

I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me 
the sword of Gryffindor if I help you? 

Yes, said Harry. 

Then shake, said the goblin, holding out his hand. 

Harry took it and shook. He wondered whether those 
black eyes saw any misgivings in his own. Then 
Griphook relinquished him, clapped his hands 
together, and said, So. We begin! 

It was like planning to break into the Ministry all over 
again. They settled to work in the smallest bedroom, 
which was kept, according to Griphooks preference, 
in semidarkness. 

I have visited the Lestranges vault only once, 
Griphook told them, on the occasion I was told to 
place inside it the false sword. It is one of the most 
ancient chambers. The oldest Wizarding families store 
their treasures at the deepest level, where the vaults 
are largest and best protected. ... 

They remained shut in the cupboardlike room for 
hours at a time. Slowly the days stretched into weeks. 
There was problem after problem to overcome, not 
least of which was that their store of Polyjuice Potion 
was greatly depleted. 

  576 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theres really only enough left for one of us, said 
Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike potion against the 
lamplight. 

Thatll be enough, said Harry, who was examining 
Griphooks handdrawn map of the deepest 
passageways. 

The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly 
fail to notice that something was going on now that 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione only emerged for 
mealtimes. Nobody asked questions, although Harry 
often felt Bills eyes on the three of them at the table, 
thoughtful, concerned. 

The longer they spent together, the more Harry 
realized that he did not much like the goblin. 
Griphook was unexpectedly bloodthirsty, laughed at 
the idea of pain in lesser creatures, and seemed to 
relish the possibility that they might have to hurt 
other wizards to reach the Lestranges vault. Harry 
could tell that his distaste was shared by the other 
two, but they did not discuss it: They needed 
Griphook. 

The goblin ate only grudgingly with the rest of them. 
Even after his legs had mended, he continued to 
request trays of food in his room, like the stillfrail 
Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outburst 
from Fleur) went upstairs to tell him that the 
arrangement could not continue. Thereafter Griphook 
joined them at the overcrowded table, although he 
refused to eat the same food, insisting, instead, on 
lumps of raw meat, roots, and various fungi. 

Harry felt responsible: It was, after all, he who had 
insisted that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage so 
that he could question him; his fault that the whole 



  577 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Weasley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, 
Fred, George, and Mr. Weasley could no longer work. 

Im sorry, he told Fleur, one blustery April evening 
as he helped her prepare dinner. I never meant you 
to have to deal with all of this. 

She had just set some knives to work, chopping up 
steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred his 
meat bloody ever since he had been attacked by 
Greyback. While the knives sliced away behind her, 
her somewhat irritable expression softened. 

 Arry, you saved my sisters life, I do not forget. 

This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry 
decided against reminding her that Gabrielle had 
never been in real danger. 

Anyway, Fleur went on, pointing her wand at a pot 
of sauce on the stove, which began to bubble at once, 
Mr. Ollivander leaves for Muriels zis evening. Zat will 
make zings easier. Ze goblin, she scowled a little at 
the mention of him, can move downstairs, and you, 
Ron, and Dean can take zat room. 

We dont mind sleeping in the living room, said 
Harry, who knew that Griphook would think poorly of 
having to sleep on the sofa; keeping Griphook happy 
was essential to their plans. Dont worry about us. 
And when she tried to protest he went on, Well be off 
your hands soon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. We wont 
need to be here much longer. 

But what do you mean? she said, frowning at him, 
her wand pointing at the casserole dish now 
suspended in midair. Of course you must not leave, 
you are safe ere! 



  578 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She looked rather like Mrs. Weasley as she said it, 
and he was glad that the back door opened at that 
moment. Luna and Dean entered, their hair damp 
from the rain outside and their arms full of driftwood. 

"... and tiny little ears, Luna was saying, a bit like a 
hippos, Daddy says, only purple and hairy. And if 
you want to call them, you have to hum; they prefer a 
waltz, nothing too fast. ... 

Looking uncomfortable, Dean shrugged at Harry as 
he passed, following Luna into the combined dining 
and sitting room where Ron and Hermione were 
laying the dinner table. Seizing the chance to escape 
Fleurs questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin 
juice and followed them. 

"... and if you ever come to our house Ill be able to 
show you the horn, Daddy wrote to me about it but I 
havent seen it yet, because the Death Eaters took me 
from the Hogwarts Express and I never got home for 
Christmas, Luna was saying, as she and Dean relaid 
the fire. 

Luna, we told you, Hermione called over to her. 
That horn exploded. It came from an Erumpent, not 
a CrumpleHorned Snorkack   

No, it was definitely a Snorkack horn, said Luna 
serenely. Daddy told me. It will probably have re 
formed by now, they mend themselves, you know. 

Hermione shook her head and continued laying down 
forks as Bill appeared, leading Mr. Ollivander down 
the stairs. The wandmaker still looked exceptionally 
frail, and he clung to Bills arm as the latter 
supported him, carrying a large suitcase. 



  579 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Tm going to miss you, Mr. Ollivander, said Luna, 
approaching the old man. 

And I you, my dear, said Ollivander, patting her on 
the shoulder. You were an inexpressible comfort to 
me in that terrible place. 

So, au revoir, Mr. Ollivander, said Fleur, kissing him 
on both cheeks. And I wonder whezzer you could 
oblige me by delivering a package to Bills Auntie 
Muriel? I never returned er tiara. 

It will be an honor, said Ollivander with a little bow, 
the very least I can do in return for your generous 
hospitality. 

Fleur drew out a worn velvet case, which she opened 
to show the wandmaker. The tiara sat glittering and 
twinkling in the light from the lowhanging lamp. 

Moonstones and diamonds, said Griphook, who had 
sidled into the room without Harry noticing. Made by 
goblins, I think? 

And paid for by wizards, said Bill quietly, and the 
goblin shot him a look that was both furtive and 
challenging. 

A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as 
Bill and Ollivander set off into the night. The rest of 
them squeezed in around the table; elbow to elbow 
and with barely enough room to move, they started to 
eat. The fire crackled and popped in the grate beside 
them. Fleur, Harry noticed, was merely playing with 
her food; she glanced at the window every few 
minutes; however, Bill returned before they had 
finished their first course, his long hair tangled by the 
wind. 



  580 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Everythings fine, he told Fleur. Ollivander settled 
in, Mum and Dad say hello. Ginny sends you all her 
love. Fred and George are driving Muriel up the wall, 
theyre still operating an OwlOrder business out of 
her back room. It cheered her up to have her tiara 
back, though. She said she thought wed stolen it. 

Ah, she eez charmante, your aunt, said Fleur 
crossly, waving her wand and causing the dirty plates 
to rise and form a stack in midair. She caught them 
and marched out of the room. 

Daddys made a tiara, piped up Luna. Well, more of 
a crown, really. 

Ron caught Harrys eye and grinned; Harry knew that 
he was remembering the ludicrous headdress they 
had seen on their visit to Xenophilius. 

Yes, hes trying to recreate the lost diadem of 
Ravenclaw. He thinks hes identified most of the main 
elements now. Adding the billywig wings really made 
a difference   

There was a bang on the front door. Everyones head 
turned toward it. Fleur came running out of the 
kitchen, looking frightened; Bill jumped to his feet, 
his wand pointing at the door; Harry, Ron, and 
Hermione did the same. Silently Griphook slipped 
beneath the table, out of sight. 

Who is it? Bill called. 

It is I, Remus John Lupin! called a voice over the 
howling wind. Harry experienced a thrill of fear; what 
had happened? I am a werewolf, married to 
Nymphadora Tonks, and you, the SecretKeeper of 
Shell Cottage, told me the address and bade me come 
in an emergency! 

  581 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Lupin, muttered Bill, and he ran to the door and 
wrenched it open. 

Lupin fell over the threshold. He was whitefaced, 
wrapped in a traveling cloak, his graying hair 
windswept. He straightened up, looked around the 
room, making sure of who was there, then cried 
aloud, Its a boy! Weve named him Ted, after Doras 
father! 

Hermione shrieked. 

Wha  ? Tonks  Tonks has had the baby? 

Yes, yes, shes had the baby! shouted Lupin. All 
around the table came cries of delight, sighs of relief: 
Hermione and Fleur both squealed, 

Congratulations! and Ron said, Blimey, a baby! as 
if he had never heard of such a thing before. 

Yes  yes  a boy, said Lupin again, who seemed 
dazed by his own happiness. He strode around the 
table and hugged Harry; the scene in the basement of 
Grimmauld Place might never have happened. 

Youll be godfather? he said as he released Harry. 

Mme? stammered Harry 

You, yes, of course  Dora quite agrees, no one 
better   

I  yeah  blimey   

Harry felt overwhelmed, astonished, delighted; now 
Bill was hurrying to fetch wine, and Fleur was 
persuading Lupin to join them for a drink. 



  582 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I cant stay long, I must get back, said Lupin, 
beaming around at them all: He looked years younger 
than Harry had ever seen him. Thank you, thank 
you, Bill. 

Bill had soon filled all of their goblets, they stood and 
raised them high in a toast. 

To Teddy Remus Lupin, said Lupin, a great wizard 
in the making! 

 Oo does e look like? Fleur inquired. 

I think he looks like Dora, but she thinks he is like 
me. Not much hair. It looked black when he was 
born, but I swear its turned ginger in the hour since. 
Probably be blond by the time I get back. Andromeda 
says Tonkss hair started changing color the day that 
she was born. He drained his goblet. Oh, go on 
then, just one more, he added, beaming, as Bill made 
to fill it again. 

The wind buffeted the little cottage and the fire leapt 
and crackled, and Bill was soon opening another 
bottle of wine. Lupins news seemed to have taken 
them out of themselves, removed them for a while 
from their state of siege: Tidings of new life were 
exhilarating. Only the goblin seemed untouched by 
the suddenly festive atmosphere, and after a while he 
slunk back to the bedroom he now occupied alone. 
Harry thought he was the only one who had noticed 
this, until he saw Bills eyes following the goblin up 
the stairs. 

No ... no ... I really must get back, said Lupin at 
last, declining yet another goblet of wine. He got to his 
feet and pulled his traveling cloak back around 
himself. 



  583 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Goodbye, goodbye  Ill try and bring some 
pictures in a few days time  theyll all be so glad to 
know that Ive seen you   



He fastened his cloak and made his farewells, 
hugging the women and grasping hands with the 
men, then, still beaming, returned into the wild night. 

Godfather, Harry! said Bill as they walked into the 
kitchen together, helping clear the table. A real 
honor! Congratulations! 

As Harry set down the empty goblets he was carrying, 
Bill pulled the door behind him closed, shutting out 
the stillvoluble voices of the others, who were 
continuing to celebrate even in Lupins absence. 

I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. It hasnt 
been easy to get an opportunity with the cottage this 
full of people. 

Bill hesitated. 

Harry, youre planning something with Griphook. 

It was a statement, not a question, and Harry did not 
bother to deny it. He merely looked at Bill, waiting. 

I know goblins, said Bill. Ive worked for Gringotts 
ever since I left Hogwarts. As far as there can be 
friendship between wizards and goblins, I have goblin 
friends  or, at least, goblins I know well, and like. 
Again, Bill hesitated. 

Harry, what do you want from Griphook, and what 
have you promised him in return? 

I cant tell you that, said Harry. Sorry, Bill. 

  584 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The kitchen door opened behind them; Fleur was 
trying to bring through more empty goblets. 



Wait, Bill told her. Just a moment. 

She backed out and he closed the door again. 

Then I have to say this, Bill went on. If you have 
struck any kind of bargain with Griphook, and most 
particularly if that bargain involves treasure, you 
must be exceptionally careful. Goblin notions of 
ownership, payment, and repayment are not the same 
as human ones. 

Harry felt a slight squirm of discomfort, as though a 
small snake had stirred inside him. 

What do you mean? he asked. 

We are talking about a different breed of being, said 
Bill. Dealings between wizards and goblins have been 
fraught for centuries  but youll know all that from 
History of Magic. There has been fault on both sides, I 
would never claim that wizards have been innocent. 
However, there is a belief among some goblins, and 
those at Gringotts are perhaps most prone to it, that 
wizards cannot be trusted in matters of gold and 
treasure, that they have no respect for goblin 
ownership. 

I respect   Harry began, but Bill shook his head. 

You dont understand, Harry, nobody could 
understand unless they have lived with goblins. To a 
goblin, the rightful and true master of any object is 
the maker, not the purchaser. All goblinmade objects 
are, in goblin eyes, rightfully theirs. 

But if it was bought   

  585 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




  then they would consider it rented by the one who 
had paid the money. They have, however, great 
difficulty with the idea of goblinmade objects passing 
from wizard to wizard. You saw Griphooks face when 
the tiara passed under his eyes. He disapproves. I 
believe he thinks, as do the fiercest of his kind, that it 
ought to have been returned to the goblins once the 
original purchaser died. They consider our habit of 
keeping goblinmade objects, passing them from 
wizard to wizard without further payment, little more 
than theft. 

Harry had an ominous feeling now; he wondered 
whether Bill guessed more than he was letting on. 

All I am saying, said Bill, setting his hand on the 
door back into the sitting room, is to be very careful 
what you promise goblins, Harry. It would be less 
dangerous to break into Gringotts than to renege on a 
promise to a goblin. 

Right, said Harry as Bill opened the door, yeah. 
Thanks. Ill bear that in mind. 

As he followed Bill back to the others a wry thought 
came to him, born no doubt of the wine he had 
drunk. He seemed set on course to become just as 
reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black 
had been to him. 



  586 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   







GRINGOTTS 

Their plans were made, their preparations complete; 
in the smallest bedroom a single long, coarse black 
hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been 
wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a small glass 
phial on the mantelpiece. 

And youll be using her actual wand, said Harry, 
nodding toward the walnut wand, so I reckon youll 
be pretty convincing. 

Hermione looked frightened that the wand might sting 
or bite her as she picked it up. 

I hate this thing, she said in a low voice. I really 
hate it. It feels all wrong, it doesnt work properly for 
me. ... Its like a bit of her. 

Harry could not help but remember how Hermione 
had dismissed his loathing of the blackthorn wand, 
insisting that he was imagining things when it did not 
work as well as his own, telling him to simply 
practice. He chose not to repeat her own advice back 

  587 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



to her, however; the eve of their attempted assault on 
Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonize 
her. 

Itll probably help you get in character, though, said 
Ron. Think what that wands done! 

But thats my point! said Hermione. This is the 
wand that tortured Nevilles mum and dad, and who 
knows how many other people? This is the wand that 
killed Sirius! 

Harry had not thought of that: He looked down at the 
wand and was visited by a brutal urge to snap it, to 
slice it in half with Gryffindors sword, which was 
propped against the wall beside him. 

I miss my wand, Hermione said miserably. I wish 
Mr. Ollivander could have made me another one too. 

Mr. Ollivander had sent Luna a new wand that 
morning. She was out on the back lawn at that 
moment, testing its capabilities in the late afternoon 
sun. Dean, who had lost his wand to the Snatchers, 
was watching rather gloomily. 

Harry looked down at the hawthorn wand that had 
once belonged to Draco Malfoy. He had been 
surprised, but pleased, to discover that it worked for 
him at least as well as Hermione s had done. 
Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the 
secret workings of wands, Harry thought he knew 
what Hermione s problem was: She had not won the 
walnut wands allegiance by taking it personally from 
Bellatrix. 

The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook 
entered. Harry reached instinctively for the hilt of the 
sword and drew it close to him, but regretted his 

  588 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




action at once: He could tell that the goblin had 
noticed. Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment, he 
said, Weve just been checking the lastminute stuff, 
Griphook. Weve told Bill and Fleur were leaving 
tomorrow, and weve told them not to get up to see us 
off. 

They had been firm on this point, because Hermione 
would need to transform into Bellatrix before they left, 
and the less that Bill and Fleur knew or suspected 
about what they were about to do, the better. They 
had also explained that they would not be returning. 
As they had lost Perkinss old tent on the night that 
the Snatchers caught them, Bill had lent them 
another one. It was now packed inside the beaded 
bag, which, Harry was impressed to learn, Hermione 
had protected from the Snatchers by the simple 
expedient of stuffing it down her sock. 

Though he would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, 
not to mention the home comforts they had enjoyed 
over the last few weeks, Harry was looking forward to 
escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. He was 
tired of trying to make sure that they were not 
overheard, tired of being shut in the tiny, dark 
bedroom. Most of all, he longed to be rid of Griphook. 
However, precisely how and when they were to part 
from the goblin without handing over Gryffindors 
sword remained a question to which Harry had no 
answer. It had been impossible to decide how they 
were going to do it, because the goblin rarely left 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more 
than five minutes at a time: He could give my mother 
lessons, growled Ron, as the goblins long fingers 
kept appearing around the edges of doors. With Bills 
warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting 
that Griphook was on the watch for possible 
skulduggery. Hermione disapproved so heartily of the 
planned doublecross that Harry had given up 
  589 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




attempting to pick her brains on how best to do it; 
Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able to 
snatch a few Griphookfree moments, had come up 
with nothing better than Well just have to wing it, 
mate. 

Harry slept badly that night. Lying awake in the early 
hours, he thought back to the way he had felt the 
night before they had infiltrated the Ministry of Magic 
and remembered a determination, almost an 
excitement. Now he was experiencing jolts of anxiety, 
nagging doubts: He could not shake off the fear that it 
was all going to go wrong. He kept telling himself that 
their plan was good, that Griphook knew what they 
were facing, that they were wellprepared for all the 
difficulties they were likely to encounter, yet still he 
felt uneasy. Once or twice he heard Ron stir and was 
sure that he too was awake, but they were sharing 
the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak. 

It was a relief when six oclock arrived and they could 
slip out of their sleeping bags, dress in the 
semidarkness, then creep out into the garden, where 
they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. The dawn 
was chilly, but there was little wind now that it was 
May. Harry looked up at the stars still glimmering 
palely in the dark sky and listened to the sea washing 
backward and forward against the cliff: He was going 
to miss the sound. 

Small green shoots were forcing their way up through 
the red earth of Dobbys grave now; in a years time 
the mound would be covered in flowers. The white 
stone that bore the elfs name had already acquired a 
weathered look. He realized now that they could 
hardly have laid Dobby to rest in a more beautiful 
place, but Harry ached with sadness to think of 
leaving him behind. Looking down on the grave, he 
wondered yet again how the elf had known where to 
  590 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




come to rescue them. His fingers moved 
absentmindedly to the little pouch still strung around 
his neck, through which he could feel the jagged 
mirror fragment in which he had been sure he had 
seen Dumbledores eye. Then the sound of a door 
opening made him look around. 

Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across the lawn 
toward them, accompanied by Griphook. As she 
walked, she was tucking the small, beaded bag into 
the inside pocket of another set of the old robes they 
had taken from Grimmauld Place. Though Harry 
knew perfectly well that it was really Hermione, he 
could not suppress a shiver of loathing. She was taller 
than he was, her long black hair rippling down her 
back, her heavily lidded eyes disdainful as they rested 
upon him; but then she spoke, and he heard 
Hermione through Bellatrixs low voice. 

She tasted disgusting, worse than Gurdyroots! Okay, 
Ron, come here so I can do you. ... 

Right, but remember, I dont like the beard too long 



Oh, for heavens sake, this isnt about looking 
handsome   Its not that, it gets in the way! But I 
liked my nose a bit shorter, try and do it the way you 
did last time. 

Hermione sighed and set to work, muttering under 
her breath as she transformed various aspects of 
Rons appearance. He was to be given a completely 
fake identity, and they were trusting to the malevolent 
aura cast by Bellatrix to protect him. Meanwhile 
Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the 
Invisibility Cloak. 

There, said Hermione, how does he look, Harry? 

  591 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It was just possible to discern Ron under his disguise, 
but only, Harry thought, because he knew him so 
well. Rons hair was now long and wavy; he had a 
thick brown beard and mustache, no freckles, a 
short, broad nose, and heavy eyebrows. 

Well, hes not my type, but hell do, said Harry. 

Shall we go, then? 

All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying 
dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned 
and began to walk toward the point, just beyond the 
boundary wall, where the Fidelius Charm stopped 
working and they would be able to Disapparate. Once 
past the gate, Griphook spoke. 

I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think? 

Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto his 
back, his hands linked in front of Harrys throat. He 
was not heavy, but Harry disliked the feeling of the 
goblin and the surprising strength with which he 
clung on. Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak out of 
the beaded bag and threw it over them both. 

Perfect, she said, bending down to check Harrys 
feet. I cant see a thing. Lets go. 

Harry turned on the spot, with Griphook on his 
shoulders, concentrating with all his might on the 
Leaky Cauldron, the inn that was the entrance to 
Diagon Alley. The goblin clung even tighter as they 
moved into the compressing darkness, and seconds 
later Harrys feet found pavement and he opened his 
eyes on Charing Cross Road. Muggles bustled past 
wearing the hangdog expressions of early morning, 
quite unconscious of the little inns existence. 



  592 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. 
Tom, the stooped and toothless landlord, was 
polishing glasses behind the bar counter; a couple of 
warlocks having a muttered conversation in the far 
corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the 
shadows. 

Madam Lestrange, murmured Tom, and as 
Hermione passed he inclined his head subserviently. 

Good morning, said Hermione, and as Harry crept 
past, still carrying Griphook piggyback under the 
Cloak, he saw Tom look surprised. 

Too polite, Harry whispered in Hermiones ear as 
they passed out of the inn into the tiny backyard. 
You need to treat people like theyre scum! 

Okay, okay! 

Hermione drew out Bellatrixs wand and tapped a 
brick in the nondescript wall in front of them. At once 
the bricks began to whirl and spin: A hole appeared 
in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, 
finally forming an archway onto the narrow cobbled 
street that was Diagon Alley. 

It was quiet, barely time for the shops to open, and 
there were hardly any shoppers abroad. The crooked, 
cobbled street was much altered now from the 
bustling place Harry had visited before his first term 
at Hogwarts so many years before. More shops than 
ever were boarded up, though several new 
establishments dedicated to the Dark Arts had been 
created since his last visit. Harrys own face glared 
down at him from posters plastered over many 
windows, always captioned with the words 
UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE. 



  593 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. 
He heard them moaning to the few passersby, 
pleading for gold, insisting that they were really 
wizards. One man had a bloody bandage over his eye. 

As they set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed 
Hermione. They seemed to melt away before her, 
drawing hoods over their faces and fleeing as fast as 
they could. Hermione looked after them curiously, 
until the man with the bloodied bandage came 
staggering right across her path. 

My children! he bellowed, pointing at her. His voice 
was cracked, highpitched; he sounded distraught. 
Where are my children? What has he done with 
them? You know, you know\ 

I  I really   stammered Hermione. 

The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat: Then, 
with a bang and a burst of red light he was thrown 
backward onto the ground, unconscious. Ron stood 
there, his wand still outstretched and a look of shock 
visible behind his beard. Faces appeared at the 
windows on either side of the street, while a little knot 
of prosperouslooking passersby gathered their robes 
about them and broke into gentle trots, keen to 
vacate the scene. 

Their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have 
been more conspicuous; for a moment Harry 
wondered whether it might not be better to leave now 
and try to think of a different plan. Before they could 
move or consult one another, however, they heard a 
cry from behind them. 

Why, Madam Lestrange! 



  594 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened his 
hold around Harrys neck: A tall, thin wizard with a 
crown of bushy gray hair and a long, sharp nose was 
striding toward them. 

Its Travers, hissed the goblin into Harrys ear, but 
at that moment Harry could not think who Travers 
was. Hermione had drawn herself up to her fullest 
height and said with as much contempt as she could 
muster: 

And what do you want? 

Travers stopped in his tracks, clearly affronted. 

 Hes another Death Eater\ breathed Griphook, and 
Harry sidled sideways to repeat the information into 
Hermione s ear. 

I merely sought to greet you, said Travers coolly, 
but if my presence is not welcome ... 

Harry recognized his voice now; Travers was one of 
the Death Eaters who had been summoned to 
Xenophiliuss house. 

No, no, not at all, Travers, said Hermione quickly, 
trying to cover up her mistake. How are you? 

Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and 
about, Bellatrix. 

Really? Why? asked Hermione. 

Well, Travers coughed, I heard that the inhabitants 
of Malfoy Manor were confined to the house, after the 
... ah ... escape. 



  595 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If this was 
true, and Bellatrix was not supposed to be out in 
public  

The Dark Lord forgives those who have served him 
most faithfully in the past, said Hermione in a 
magnificent imitation of Bellatrixs most 
contemptuous manner. Perhaps your credit is not as 
good with him as mine is, Travers. 

Though the Death Eater looked offended, he also 
seemed less suspicious. He glanced down at the man 
Ron had just Stunned. 

How did it offend you? 

It does not matter, it will not do so again, said 
Hermione coolly. 

Some of these wandless can be troublesome, said 
Travers. While they do nothing but beg I have no 
objection, but one of them actually asked me to plead 
her case at the Ministry last week. Im a witch, sir, Im 
a witch, let me prove it to youV  he said in a squeaky 
impersonation. As if I was going to give her my wand 
 but whose wand, said Travers curiously, are you 
using at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own 
was   

I have my wand here, said Hermione coldly, holding 
up Bellatrixs wand. I dont know what rumors you 
have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly 
misinformed. 

Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and he 
turned instead to Ron. 

Who is your friend? I do not recognize him. 



  596 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




This is Dragomir Despard, said Hermione; they had 
decided that a fictional foreigner was the safest cover 
for Ron to assume. He speaks very little English, but 
he is in sympathy with the Dark Lords aims. He has 
traveled here from Transylvania to see our new 
regime. 

Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir? 

 Ow you? said Ron, holding out his hand. 

Travers extended two fingers and shook Rons hand 
as though frightened of dirtying himself. 

So what brings you and your  ah  sympathetic 
friend to Diagon Alley this early? asked Travers. 

I need to visit Gringotts, said Hermione. 

Alas, I also, said Travers. Gold, filthy gold! We 
cannot live without it, yet I confess I deplore the 
necessity of consorting with our longfingered 
friends. 

Harry felt Griphooks clasped hands tighten 
momentarily around his neck. 

Shall we? said Travers, gesturing Hermione forward. 

Hermione had no choice but to fall into step beside 
him and head along the crooked, cobbled street 
toward the place where the snowywhite Gringotts 
stood towering over the other little shops. Ron sloped 
along beside them, and Harry and Griphook followed. 

A watchful Death Eater was the very last thing they 
needed, and the worst of it was, with Travers 
marching at what he believed to be Bellatrixs side, 
there was no means for Harry to communicate with 

  597 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hermione or Ron. All too soon they arrived at the foot 
of the marble steps leading up to the great bronze 
doors. As Griphook had already warned them, the 
liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had 
been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were 
clutching long thin golden rods. 

Ah, Probity Probes, sighed Travers theatrically, so 
crude  but effective! 

And he set off up the steps, nodding left and right to 
the wizards, who raised the golden rods and passed 
them up and down his body. The Probes, Harry knew, 
detected spells of concealment and hidden magical 
objects. Knowing that he had only seconds; Harry 
pointed Dracos wand at each of the guards in turn 
and murmured, Confundo twice. Unnoticed by 
Travers, who was looking through the bronze doors at 
the inner hall, each of the guards gave a little start as 
the spells hit them. 

Hermione s long black hair rippled behind her as she 
climbed the steps. 

One moment, madam, said the guard, raising his 
Probe. 

But youve just done that! said Hermione in 
Bellatrixs commanding, arrogant voice. Travers 
looked around, eyebrows raised. The guard was 
confused. He stared down at the thin golden Probe 
and then at his companion, who said in a slightly 
dazed voice, 

Yeah, youve just checked them, Marius. 

Hermione swept forward, Ron by her side, Harry and 
Griphook trotting invisibly behind them. Harry 



  598 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




glanced back as they crossed the threshold: The 
wizards were both scratching their heads. 

Two goblins stood before the inner doors, which were 
made of silver and which carried the poem warning of 
dire retribution to potential thieves. Harry looked up 
at it, and all of a sudden a knifesharp memory came 
to him: standing on this very spot on the day that he 
had turned eleven, the most wonderful birthday of his 
life, and Hagrid standing beside him saying,  Like I 
said, yehd be mad ter try an rob it. Gringotts had 
seemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted 
repository of a trove of gold he had never known he 
possessed, and never for an instant could he have 
dreamed that he would return to steal. ... But within 
seconds they were standing in the vast marble hall of 
the bank. 

The long counter was manned by goblins sitting on 
high stools, serving the first customers of the day. 
Hermione, Ron, and Travers headed toward an old 
goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through 
an eyeglass. Hermione allowed Travers to step ahead 
of her on the pretext of explaining features of the hall 
to Ron. 

The goblin tossed the coin he was holding aside, said 
to nobody in particular, Leprechaun, and then 
greeted Travers, who passed over a tiny golden key, 
which was examined and given back to him. 

Hermione stepped forward. 

Madam Lestrange! said the goblin, evidently 
startled. Dear me! How  how may I help you 
today? 

I wish to enter my vault, said Hermione. 



  599 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The old goblin seemed to recoil a little. Harry glanced 
around. Not only was Travers hanging back, 
watching, but several other goblins had looked up 
from their work to stare at Hermione. 

You have ... identification? asked the goblin. 

Identification? I  I have never been asked for 
identification before! said Hermione. 

 They know\ whispered Griphook in Harrys ear. 
They must have been warned there might be an 
impostor ! 

Your wand will do, madam, said the goblin. He held 
out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast 
of realization Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts 
were aware that Bellatrixs wand had been stolen. 

Act now, act now, whispered Griphook in Harrys 
ear, the Imperius Cursel 

Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, 
pointed it at the old goblin, and whispered, for the 
first time in his life, Imperiol 

A curious sensation shot down Harrys arm, a feeling 
of tingling warmth that seemed to flow from his mind, 
down the sinews and veins connecting him to the 
wand and the curse it had just cast. The goblin took 
Bellatrixs wand, examined it closely, and then said, 
Ah, you have had a new wand made, Madam 
Lestrange! 

What? said Hermione. No, no, thats mine   

A new wand? said Travers, approaching the counter 
again; still the goblins all around were watching. But 



  600 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




how could you have done, which wandmaker did you 
use? 

Harry acted without thinking: Pointing his wand at 
Travers, he muttered, Imperiol once more. 

Oh yes, I see, said Travers, looking down at 
Bellatrixs wand, yes, very handsome. And is it 
working well? I always think wands require a little 
breaking in, dont you? 

Hermione looked utterly bewildered, but to Harrys 
enormous relief she accepted the bizarre turn of 
events without comment. 

The old goblin behind the counter clapped his hands 
and a younger goblin approached. 

I shall need the Clankers, he told the goblin, who 
dashed away and returned a moment later with a 
leather bag that seemed to be full of jangling metal, 
which he handed to his senior. Good, good! So, if you 
will follow me, Madam Lestrange, said the old goblin, 
hopping down off his stool and vanishing from sight, 

I shall take you to your vault. 

He appeared around the end of the counter, jogging 
happily toward them, the contents of the leather bag 
still jingling. Travers was now standing quite still with 
his mouth hanging wide open. Ron was drawing 
attention to this odd phenomenon by regarding 
Travers with confusion. 

Wait  Bogrod! 

Another goblin came scurrying around the counter. 



  601 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We have instructions, he said with a bow to 
Hermione. Forgive me, Madam, but there have been 
special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange. 

He whispered urgently in Bogrods ear, but the 
Imperiused goblin shook him off. 

I am aware of the instructions. Madam Lestrange 
wishes to visit her vault. ... Very old family ... old 
clients ... This way, please ... 

And, still clanking, he hurried toward one of the many 
doors leading off the hall. Harry looked back at 
Travers, who was still rooted to the spot looking 
abnormally vacant, and made his decision: With a 
flick of his wand he made Travers come with them, 
walking meekly in their wake as they reached the 
door and passed into the rough stone passageway 
beyond, which was lit with flaming torches. 

Were in trouble; they suspect, said Harry as the 
door slammed behind them and he pulled off the 
Invisibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down from his 
shoulders; neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the 
slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry 
Potter in their midst. Theyre Imperiused, he added, 
in response to Hermione and Rons confused queries 
about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now 
standing there looking blank. I dont think I did it 
strongly enough, I dont know. ... 

And another memory darted through his mind, of the 
real Bellatrix Lestrange shrieking at him when he had 
first tried to use an Unforgivable Curse: You need to 
mean them, Potter! 

What do we do? asked Ron. Shall we get out now, 
while we can? 



  602 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




If we can, said Hermione, looking back toward the 
door into the main hall, beyond which who knew 
what was happening. 

Weve got this far, I say we go on, said Harry. 

Good! said Griphook. So, we need Bogrod to control 
the cart; I no longer have the authority. But there will 
not be room for the wizard. 

Harry pointed his wand at Travers. 

Imperio\ 

The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at 
a smart pace. 

What are you making him do? 

Hide, said Harry as he pointed his wand at Bogrod, 
who whistled to summon a little cart that came 
trundling along the tracks toward them out of the 
darkness. Harry was sure he could hear shouting 
behind them in the main hall as they all clambered 
into it, Bogrod in front with Griphook, Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione crammed together in the back. 

With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: They 
hurtled past Travers, who was wriggling into a crack 
in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning 
through the labyrinthine passages, sloping downward 
all the time. Harry could not hear anything over the 
rattling of the cart on the tracks: His hair flew behind 
him as they swerved between stalactites, flying ever 
deeper into the earth, but he kept glancing back. 

They might as well have left enormous footprints 
behind them; the more he thought about it, the more 
foolish it seemed to have disguised Hermione as 



  603 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrixs wand, 
when the Death Eaters knew who had stolen it  

They were deeper than Harry had ever penetrated 
within Gringotts; they took a hairpin bend at speed 
and saw ahead of them, with seconds to spare, a 
waterfall pounding over the track. Harry heard 
Griphook shout, No! but there was no braking: They 
zoomed through it. Water filled Harrys eyes and 
mouth: He could not see or breathe: Then, with an 
awful lurch, the cart flipped over and they were all 
thrown out of it. Harry heard the cart smash into 
pieces against the passage wall, heard Hermione 
shriek something, and felt himself glide back toward 
the ground as though weightless, landing painlessly 
on the rocky passage floor. 

CCushioning Charm, Hermione spluttered, as Ron 
pulled her to her feet, but to Harrys horror he saw 
that she was no longer Bellatrix; instead she stood 
there in overlarge robes, sopping wet and completely 
herself; Ron was redhaired and beardless again. 

They were realizing it as they looked at each other, 
feeling their own faces. 

The Thiefs Downfall! said Griphook, clambering to 
his feet and looking back at the deluge onto the 
tracks, which, Harry knew now, had been more than 
water. It washes away all enchantment, all magical 
concealment! They know there are impostors in 
Gringotts, they have set off defenses against us! 

Harry saw Hermione checking that she still had the 
beaded bag, and hurriedly thrust his own hand under 
his jacket to make sure he had not lost the Invisibility 
Cloak. Then he turned to see Bogrod shaking his 
head in bewilderment: The Thiefs Downfall seemed to 
have lifted the Imperius Curse. 



  604 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We need him, said Griphook, we cannot enter the 
vault without a Gringotts goblin. And we need the 
Clankers! 

Imperiol Harry said again; his voice echoed through 
the stone passage as he felt again the sense of heady 
control that flowed from brain to wand. Bogrod 
submitted once more to his will, his befuddled 
expression changing to one of polite indifference, as 
Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tools. 

Harry, I think I can hear people coming! said 
Hermione, and she pointed Bellatrixs wand at the 
waterfall and cried, Protego\ They saw the Shield 
Charm break the flow of enchanted water as it flew up 
the passageway. 

Good thinking, said Harry. Lead the way, 

Griphook! 

How are we going to get out again? Ron asked as 
they hurried on foot into the darkness after the 
goblin, Bogrod panting in their wake like an old dog. 

Lets worry about that when we have to, said Harry. 
He was trying to listen: He thought he could hear 
something clanking and moving around nearby. 
Griphook, how much farther? 

Not far, Harry Potter, not far ... 

And they turned a corner and saw the thing for which 
Harry had been prepared, but which still brought all 
of them to a halt. 

A gigantic dragon was tethered to the ground in front 
of them, barring access to four or five of the deepest 
vaults in the place. The beasts scales had turned pale 
and flaky during its long incarceration under the 

  605 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




ground; its eyes were milkily pink; both rear legs bore 
heavy cuffs from which chains led to enormous pegs 
driven deep into the rocky floor. Its great spiked 
wings, folded close to its body, would have filled the 
chamber if it spread them, and when it turned its 
ugly head toward them, it roared with a noise that 
made the rock tremble, opened its mouth, and spat a 
jet of fire that sent them running back up the 
passageway. 

It is partially blind, panted Griphook, but even 
more savage for that. However, we have the means to 
control it. It has learned what to expect when the 
Clankers come. Give them to me. 

Ron passed the bag to Griphook, and the goblin 
pulled out a number of small metal instruments that 
when shaken made a loud, ringing noise like 
miniature hammers on anvils. Griphook handed them 
out: Bogrod accepted his meekly. 

You know what to do, Griphook told Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione. It will expect pain when it hears the 
noise: It will retreat, and Bogrod must place his palm 
upon the door of the vault. 

They advanced around the corner again, shaking the 
Clankers, and the noise echoed off the rocky walls, 
grossly magnified, so that the inside of Harrys skull 
seemed to vibrate with the din. The dragon let out 
another hoarse roar, then retreated. Harry could see 
it trembling, and as they drew nearer he saw the 
scars made by vicious slashes across its face, and 
guessed that it had been taught to fear hot swords 
when it heard the sound of the Clankers. 

Make him press his hand to the door! Griphook 
urged Harry, who turned his wand again upon 
Bogrod. The old goblin obeyed, pressing his palm to 

  606 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the wood, and the door of the vault melted away to 
reveal a cavelike opening crammed from floor to 
ceiling with golden coins and goblets, silver armor, 
the skins of strange creatures  some with long 
spines, others with drooping wings  potions in 
jeweled flasks, and a skull still wearing a crown. 

Search, fast! said Harry as they all hurried inside 
the vault. 

He had described Hufflepuffs cup to Ron and 
Hermione, but if it was the other, unknown Horcrux 
that resided in this vault, he did not know what it 
looked like. He barely had time to glance around, 
however, before there was a muffled clunk from 
behind them: The door had reappeared, sealing them 
inside the vault, and they were plunged into total 
darkness. 

No matter, Bogrod will be able to release us! said 
Griphook as Ron gave a shout of surprise. Light your 
wands, cant you? And hurry, we have very little 
time! 

Lumosl 

Harry shone his lit wand around the vault: Its beam 
fell upon glittering jewels; he saw the fake sword of 
Gryffindor lying on a high shelf amongst a jumble of 
chains. Ron and Hermione had lit their wands too, 
and were now examining the piles of objects 
surrounding them. 

Harry, could this be  ? Aargh! 

Hermione screamed in pain, and Harry turned his 
wand on her in time to see a jeweled goblet tumbling 
from her grip. But as it fell, it split, became a shower 
of goblets, so that a second later, with a great clatter, 

  607 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the floor was covered in identical cups rolling in every 
direction, the original impossible to discern amongst 
them. 

It burned me! moaned Hermione, sucking her 
blistered fingers. 

They have added Gemino and Flagrante Curses! 
said Griphook. Everything you touch will burn and 
multiply, but the copies are worthless  and if you 
continue to handle the treasure, you will eventually 
be crushed to death by the weight of expanding gold! 

Okay, dont touch anything! said Harry desperately, 
but even as he said it, Ron accidentally nudged one of 
the fallen goblets with his foot, and twenty more 
exploded into being while Ron hopped on the spot, 
part of his shoe burned away by contact with the hot 
metal. 

Stand still, dont move! said Hermione, clutching at 
Ron. 

Just look around! said Harry. Remember, the cups 
small and gold, its got a badger engraved on it, two 
handles  otherwise see if you can spot Ravenclaws 
symbol anywhere, the eagle   

They directed their wands into every nook and 
crevice, turning cautiously on the spot. It was 
impossible not to brush up against anything; Harry 
sent a great cascade of fake Galleons onto the ground 
where they joined the goblets, and now there was 
scarcely room to place their feet, and the glowing gold 
blazed with heat, so that the vault felt like a furnace. 
Harrys wandlight passed over shields and goblin 
made helmets set on shelves rising to the ceiling; 
higher and higher he raised the beam, until suddenly 



  608 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




it found an object that made his heart skip and his 
hand tremble. 


