
Its there, its up there\ 

Ron and Hermione pointed their wands at it too, so 
that the little golden cup sparkled in a threeway 
spotlight: the cup that had belonged to Helga 
Hufflepuff, which had passed into the possession of 
Hepzibah Smith, from whom it had been stolen by 
Tom Riddle. 

And how the hell are we going to get up there 
without touching anything? asked Ron. 

Accio Cup\ cried Hermione, who had evidently 
forgotten in her desperation what Griphook had told 
them during their planning sessions. 

No use, no use! snarled the goblin. 

Then what do we do? said Harry, glaring at the 
goblin. If you want the sword, Griphook, then youll 
have to help us more than  wait! Can I touch stuff 
with the sword? Hermione, give it here! 

Hermione fumbled inside her robes, drew out the 
beaded bag, rummaged for a few seconds, then 
removed the shining sword. Harry seized it by its 
rubied hilt and touched the tip of the blade to a silver 
flagon nearby, which did not multiply. 

If I can just poke the sword through a handle  but 
how am I going to get up there? 

The shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach 
for any of them, even Ron, who was tallest. The heat 
from the enchanted treasure rose in waves, and sweat 
ran down Harrys face and back as he struggled to 

  609 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




think of a way up to the cup; and then he heard the 
dragon roar on the other side of the vault door, and 
the sound of clanking growing louder and louder. 

They were truly trapped now: There was no way out 
except through the door, and a horde of goblins 
seemed to be approaching on the other side. Harry 
looked at Ron and Hermione and saw terror in their 
faces. 

Hermione, said Harry as the clanking grew louder, 
Ive got to get up there, weve got to get rid of it   

She raised her wand, pointed it at Harry, and 
whispered, Levicorpus. 

Hoisted into the air by his ankle, Harry hit a suit of 
armor and replicas burst out of it like whitehot 
bodies, filling the cramped space. With screams of 
pain Ron, Hermione, and the two goblins were 
knocked aside into other objects, which also began to 
replicate. Half buried in a rising tide of redhot 
treasure, they struggled and yelled as Harry thrust 
the sword through the handle of Hufflepuffs cup, 
hooking it onto the blade. 

Impervius\ screeched Hermione in an attempt to 
protect herself, Ron, and the goblins from the burning 
metal. 

Then the worst scream yet made Harry look down: 

Ron and Hermione were waistdeep in treasure, 
struggling to keep Bogrod from slipping beneath the 
rising tide, but Griphook had sunk out of sight and 
nothing but the tips of a few long fingers were left in 
view. 

Harry seized Griphooks fingers and pulled. The 
blistered goblin emerged by degrees, howling. 

  610 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Liberacorpus\ yelled Harry, and with a crash he and 
Griphook landed on the surface of the swelling 
treasure, and the sword flew out of Harrys hand. 

Get it! Harry yelled, fighting the pain of the hot 
metal on his skin, as Griphook clambered onto his 
shoulders again, determined to avoid the swelling 
mass of redhot objects. Wheres the sword? It had 
the cup on it! 

The clanking on the other side of the door was 
growing deafening  it was too late  

There! 

It was Griphook who had seen it and Griphook who 
lunged, and in that instant Harry knew that the 
goblin had never expected them to keep their word. 
One hand holding tightly to a fistful of Harrys hair, to 
make sure he did not fall into the heaving sea of 
burning gold, Griphook seized the hilt of the sword 
and swung it high out of Harrys reach. 

The tiny golden cup, skewered by the handle on the 
swords blade, was flung into the air. The goblin still 
astride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although 
he could feel it scalding his flesh he did not relinquish 
it, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from 
his fist, raining down upon him as the entrance of the 
vault opened up again and he found himself sliding 
uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery 
gold and silver that bore him, Ron, and Hermione into 
the outer chamber. 

Hardly aware of the pain from the burns covering his 
body, and still borne along on the swell of replicating 
treasure, Harry shoved the cup into his pocket and 
reached up to retrieve the sword, but Griphook was 
gone. Sliding from Harrys shoulders the moment he 
  611 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




could, he had sprinted for cover amongst the 
surrounding goblins, brandishing the sword and 
crying, Thieves! Thieves! Help! Thieves! He vanished 
into the midst of the advancing crowd, all of whom 
were holding daggers and who accepted him without 
question. 

Slipping on the hot metal, Harry struggled to his feet 
and knew that the only way out was through. 

Stupefyl he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined 
in: Jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins, and 
some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry 
saw several wizard guards running around the 
corner. 

The tethered dragon let out a roar, and a gush of 
flame flew over the goblins: The wizards fled, doubled 
up, back the way they had come, and inspiration, or 
madness, came to Harry. Pointing his wand at the 
thick cuffs chaining the beast to the floor, he yelled, 
Relashiol 

The cuffs broke open with loud bangs. 

This way! Harry yelled, and still shooting Stunning 
Spells at the advancing goblins, he sprinted toward 
the blind dragon. 

Harry  Harry  what are you doing? cried 
Hermione. 

Get up, climb up, come on   

The dragon had not realized that it was free: Harrys 
foot found the crook of its hind leg and he pulled 
himself up onto its back. The scales were hard as 
steel; it did not even seem to feel him. He stretched 
out an arm; Hermione hoisted herself up; Ron 
  612 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




climbed on behind them, and a second later the 
dragon became aware that it was untethered. 

With a roar it reared: Harry dug in his knees, 
clutching as tightly as he could to the jagged scales 
as the wings opened, knocking the shrieking goblins 
aside like skittles, and it soared into the air. Harry, 
Ron, and Hermione, flat on its back, scraped against 
the ceiling as it dived toward the passage opening, 
while the pursuing goblins hurled daggers that 
glanced off its flanks. 

Well never get out, its too big! Hermione screamed, 
but the dragon opened its mouth and belched flame 
again, blasting the tunnel, whose floors and ceiling 
cracked and crumbled. By sheer force the dragon 
clawed and fought its way through. Harrys eyes were 
shut tight against the heat and dust: Deafened by the 
crashing of rock and the dragons roars, he could only 
cling to its back, expecting to be shaken off at any 
moment; then he heard Hermione yelling, Defodiol 

She was helping the dragon enlarge the passageway, 
carving out the ceiling as it struggled upward toward 
the fresher air, away from the shrieking and clanking 
goblins: Harry and Ron copied her, blasting the 
ceiling apart with more gouging spells. They passed 
the underground lake, and the great crawling, 
snarling beast seemed to sense freedom and space 
ahead of it, and behind them the passage was full of 
the dragons thrashing, spiked tail, of great lumps of 
rock, gigantic fractured stalactites, and the clanking 
of the goblins seemed to be growing more muffled, 
while ahead, the dragons fire kept their progress 
clear  

And then at last, by the combined force of their spells 
and the dragons brute strength, they had blasted 
their way out of the passage into the marble hallway. 

  613 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Goblins and wizards shrieked and ran for cover, and 
finally the dragon had room to stretch its wings: 
Turning its horned head toward the cool outside air it 
could smell beyond the entrance, it took off, and with 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione still clinging to its back, it 
forced its way through the metal doors, leaving them 
buckled and hanging from their hinges, as it 
staggered into Diagon Alley and launched itself into 
the sky. 



  614 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   





THE FINAL HIDING PLACE 

There was no means of steering; the dragon could not 
see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it 
turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it 
impossible to cling onto its broad back. Nevertheless, 
as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling 
below them like a grayandgreen map, Harrys 
overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape 
that had seemed impossible. Crouching low over the 
beasts neck, he clung tight to the metallic scales, and 
the cool breeze was soothing on his burned and 
blistered skin, the dragons wings beating the air like 
the sails of a windmill. Behind him, whether from 
delight or fear he could not tell, Ron kept swearing at 
the top of his voice, and Hermione seemed to be 
sobbing. 

After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of his 
immediate dread that the dragon was going to throw 
them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but getting 
as far away from its underground prison as possible; 
but the question of how and when they were to 
dismount remained rather frightening. He had no idea 

  615 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



how long dragons could fly without landing, nor how 
this particular dragon, which could barely see, would 
locate a good place to put down. He glanced around 
constantly, imagining that he could feel his scar 
prickling. ... 

How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they 
had broken into the Lestranges vault? How soon 
would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How 
quickly would they realize what had been taken? And 
then, when they discovered that the golden cup was 
missing? Voldemort would know, at last, that they 
were hunting Horcruxes. ... 

The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air: It 
climbed steadily until they were flying through wisps 
of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out 
the little colored dots which were cars pouring in and 
out of the capital. On and on they flew, over 
countryside parceled out in patches of green and 
brown, over roads and rivers winding through the 
landscape like strips of matte and glossy ribbon. 

What do you reckon its looking for? Ron yelled as 
they flew farther and farther north. 

No idea, Harry bellowed back. His hands were numb 
with cold but he did not dare attempt to shift his grip. 
He had been wondering for some time what they 
would do if they saw the coast sail beneath them, if 
the dragon headed for open sea; he was cold and 
numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. 
When, he wondered, had the beast itself last eaten? 
Surely it would need sustenance before long? And 
what if, at that point, it realized it had three highly 
edible humans sitting on its back? 

The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning 
indigo; and still the dragon flew, cities and towns 

  616 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




gliding out of sight beneath them, its enormous 
shadow sliding over the earth like a great dark cloud. 
Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on 
to the dragons back. 

Is it my imagination, shouted Ron after a 
considerable stretch of silence, or are we losing 
height? 

Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains 
and lakes, coppery in the sunset. The landscape 
seemed to grow larger and more detailed as he 
squinted over the side of the dragon, and he 
wondered whether it had divined the presence of fresh 
water by the flashes of reflected sunlight. 

Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling 
circles, honing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller 
lakes. 

I say we jump when it gets low enough! Harry called 
back to the others. Straight into the water before it 
realizes were here! 

They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry 
could see the dragons wide yellow underbelly rippling 
in the surface of the water. 

NOW! 

He slithered over the side of the dragon and 
plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake; 
the drop was greater than he had estimated and he 
hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a 
freezing, green, reedfilled world. He kicked toward 
the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous 
ripples emanating in circles from the places where 
Ron and Hermione had fallen. The dragon did not 
seem to have noticed anything: It was already fifty 
  617 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up 
water in its scarred snout. As Ron and Hermione 
emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths of 
the lake, the dragon flew on, its wings beating hard, 
and landed at last on a distant bank. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione struck out for the opposite 
shore. The lake did not seem to be deep: Soon it was 
more a question of fighting their way through reeds 
and mud than swimming, and at last they flopped, 
sodden, panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass. 

Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. 
Though Harry could have happily lain down and 
slept, he staggered to his feet, drew out his wand, and 
started casting the usual protective spells around 
them. 

When he had finished, he joined the others. It was the 
first time that he had seen them properly since 
escaping from the vault. Both had angry red burns all 
over their faces and arms, and their clothing was 
singed away in places. They were wincing as they 
dabbed essence of dittany onto their many injuries. 
Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out 
three bottles of pumpkin juice she had brought from 
Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. 

They changed and then gulped down the juice. 

Well, on the upside, said Ron finally, who was 
sitting watching the skin on his hands regrow, we got 
the Horcrux. On the downside   

  no sword, said Harry through gritted teeth, as he 
dripped dittany through the singed hole in his jeans 
onto the angry burn beneath. 

No sword, repeated Ron. That doublecrossing little 
scab ... 

  618 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet 
jacket he had just taken off and set it down on the 
grass in front of them. Glinting in the sun, it drew 
their eyes as they swigged their bottles of juice. 

At least we cant wear it this time, thatd look a bit 
weird hanging round our necks, said Ron, wiping his 
mouth on the back of his hand. 

Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank, 
where the dragon was still drinking. 

Whatll happen to it, do you think? she asked. Will 
it be all right? 

You sound like Hagrid, said Ron. Its a dragon, 
Hermione, it can look after itself. Its us we need to 
worry about. 

What do you mean? 

Well, I dont know how to break this to you, said 
Ron, but I think they might have noticed we broke 
into Gringotts. 

All three of them started to laugh, and once started, it 
was difficult to stop. Harrys ribs ached, he felt 
lightheaded with hunger, but he lay back on the grass 
beneath the reddening sky and laughed until his 
throat was raw. 

What are we going to do, though? said Hermione 
finally, hiccuping herself back to seriousness. Hell 
know, wont he? You Know Who will know we know 
about his Horcruxes! 

Maybe theyll be too scared to tell him? said Ron 
hopefully. Maybe theyll cover up   



  619 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The sky, the smell of lake water, the sound of Rons 
voice were extinguished: Pain cleaved Harrys head 
like a sword stroke. He was standing in a dimly lit 
room, and a semicircle of wizards faced him, and on 
the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure. 

What did you say to me? His voice was high and 
cold, but fury and fear burned inside him. The one 
thing he had dreaded  but it could not be true, he 
could not see how ... 

The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes 
high above his. 

Say it again! murmured Voldemort.  Say it again). 

Mmy Lord, stammered the goblin, its black eyes 
wide with terror, mmy Lord ... we ttried tto ststop 
them. ... Imimpostors, my Lord ... broke  broke 
into the  into the Lestranges vvault. ... 

Impostors? What impostors? I thought Gringotts had 
ways of revealing impostors? Who were they? 

It was ... it was . . . the PPotter bboy and ttwo 
accomplices. ... 

And they took? he said, his voice rising, a terrible 
fear gripping him. Tell me! What did they take? 

A ... a ssmall golden ccup, mmy Lord ... 

The scream of rage, of denial left him as if it were a 
strangers: He was crazed, frenzied, it could not be 
true, it was impossible, nobody had ever known: How 
was it possible that the boy could have discovered his 
secret? 



  620 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green 
light erupted through the room; the kneeling goblin 
rolled over, dead; the watching wizards scattered 
before him, terrified: Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy 
threw others behind them in their race for the door, 
and again and again his wand fell, and those who 
were left were slain, all of them, for bringing him this 
news, for hearing about the golden cup  

Alone amongst the dead he stormed up and down, 
and they passed before him in vision: his treasures, 
his safeguards, his anchors to immortality  the 
diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen: What if, 
what if, the boy knew about the others? Could he 
know, had he already acted, had he traced more of 
them? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? 
Dumbledore, who had always suspected him; 
Dumbledore, dead on his orders; Dumbledore, whose 
wand was his now, yet who reached out from the 
ignominy of death through the boy, the boy  

But surely if the boy had destroyed any of his 
Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, 
would have felt it? He, the greatest wizard of them all; 
he, the most powerful; he, the killer of Dumbledore 
and of how many other worthless, nameless men: 
How could Lord Voldemort not have known, if he, 
himself, most important and precious, had been 
attacked, mutilated? 

True, he had not felt it when the diary had been 
destroyed, but he had thought that was because he 
had no body to feel, being less than ghost. ... No, 
surely, the rest were safe. ... The other Horcruxes 
must be intact. ... 

But he must know, he must be sure. ... He paced the 
room, kicking aside the goblins corpse as he passed, 



  621 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and the pictures blurred and burned in his boiling 
brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts  

A modicum of calm cooled his rage now: How could 
the boy know that he had hidden the ring in the 
Gaunt shack? No one had ever known him to be 
related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, 
the killings had never been traced to him: The ring, 
surely, was safe. 

And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about 
the cave or penetrate its protection? The idea of the 
locket being stolen was absurd. ... 

As for the school: He alone knew where in Hogwarts 
he had stowed the Horcrux, because he alone had 
plumbed the deepest secrets of that place. ... 

And there was still Nagini, who must remain close 
now, no longer sent to do his bidding, under his 
protection. ... 

But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to 
each of his hiding places, he must redouble protection 
around each of his Horcruxes. ... A job, like the quest 
for the Elder Wand, that he must undertake alone ... 

Which should he visit first, which was in most 
danger? An old unease flickered inside him. 
Dumbledore had known his middle name. ... 
Dumbledore might have made the connection with 
the Gaunts. ... Their abandoned home was, perhaps, 
the least secure of his hiding places, it was there that 
he would go first. ... 

The lake, surely impossible ... though was there a 
slight possibility that Dumbledore might have known 
some of his past misdeeds, through the orphanage. 



  622 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And Hogwarts . . . but he knew that his Horcrux there 
was safe; it would be impossible for Potter to enter 
Hogsmeade without detection, let alone the school. 
Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to 
the fact that the boy might try to reenter the castle. ... 
To tell Snape why the boy might return would be 
foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust 
Bellatrix and Malfoy: Didnt their stupidity and 
carelessness prove how unwise it was ever to trust? 

He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take 
Nagini with him: He would not be parted from the 
snake anymore . . . and he strode from the room, 
through the hall, and out into the dark garden where 
the fountain played; he called the snake in 
Parseltongue and it slithered out to join him like a 
long shadow. ... 

Harrys eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back 
to the present: He was lying on the bank of the lake in 
the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking 
down at him. Judging by their worried looks, and by 
the continued pounding of his scar, his sudden 
excursion into Voldemorts mind had not passed 
unnoticed. He struggled up, shivering, vaguely 
surprised that he was still wet to his skin, and saw 
the cup lying innocently in the grass before him, and 
the lake, deep blue shot with gold in the failing sun. 

He knows. His own voice sounded strange and low 
after Voldemorts high screams. He knows, and hes 
going to check where the others are, and the last 
one, he was already on his feet, is at Hogwarts. I 
knew it. I knew it. 

What? 

Ron was gaping at him; Hermione sat up, looking 
worried. 

  623 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But what did you see? How do you know? 



I saw him find out about the cup, I  I was in his 
head, hes  Harry remembered the killings  hes 
seriously angry, and scared too, he cant understand 
how we knew, and now hes going to check the others 
are safe, the ring first. He thinks the Hogwarts one is 
safest, because Snapes there, because itll be so hard 
not to be seen getting in, I think hell check that one 
last, but he could still be there within hours   

Did you see where in Hogwarts it is? asked Ron, 
now scrambling to his feet too. 

No, he was concentrating on warning Snape, he 
didnt think about exactly where it is   

Wait, wait\ cried Hermione as Ron caught up the 
Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak 
again. We cant just go, we havent got a plan, we 
need to   

We need to get going, said Harry firmly. He had 
been hoping to sleep, looking forward to getting into 
the new tent, but that was impossible now. Can you 
imagine what hes going to do once he realizes the 
ring and the locket are gone? What if he moves the 
Hogwarts Horcrux, decides it isnt safe enough? 

But how are we going to get in? 

Well go to Hogsmeade, said Harry, and try to work 
something out once we see what the protection 
around the schools like. Get under the Cloak, 
Hermione, I want to stick together this time. 

But we dont really fit   

Itll be dark, no ones going to notice our feet. 

  624 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The flapping of enormous wings echoed across the 
black water: The dragon had drunk its fill and risen 
into the air. They paused in their preparations to 
watch it climb higher and higher, now black against 
the rapidly darkening sky, until it vanished over a 
nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forward 
and took her place between the other two. Harry 
pulled the Cloak down as far as it would go, and 
together they turned on the spot into the crushing 
darkness. 



  625 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE MISSING MIRROR 

Harrys feet touched road. He saw the achingly 
familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop fronts, 
and the outline of black mountains beyond the 
village, and the curve in the road ahead that led off 
toward Hogwarts, and light spilling from the windows 
of the Three Broomsticks, and with a lurch of the 
heart he remembered, with piercing accuracy, how he 
had landed here nearly a year before, supporting a 
desperately weak Dumbledore; all this in a second, 
upon landing  and then, even as he relaxed his grip 
upon Rons and Hermiones arms, it happened. 

The air was rent by a scream that sounded like 
Voldemorts when he had realized the cup had been 
stolen: It tore at every nerve in Harrys body, and he 
knew immediately that their appearance had caused 
it. Even as he looked at the other two beneath the 
Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open 
and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters 
dashed into the street, their wands aloft. 



  626 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Harry seized Rons wrist as he raised his wand; there 
were too many of them to Stun: Even attempting it 
would give away their position. One of the Death 
Eaters waved his wand and the scream stopped, still 
echoing around the distant mountains. 

Accio Cloak). roared one of the Death Eaters. 

Harry seized its folds, but it made no attempt to 
escape: The Summoning Charm had not worked on it. 

Not under your wrapper, then, Potter? yelled the 
Death Eater who had tried the charm, and then to his 
fellows, Spread out. Hes here. 

Six of the Death Eaters ran toward them: Harry, Ron, 
and Hermione backed as quickly as possible down the 
nearest side street, and the Death Eaters missed 
them by inches. They waited in the darkness, 
listening to the footsteps running up and down, 
beams of light flying along the street from the Death 
Eaters searching wands. 

Lets just leave! Hermione whispered. Disapparate 
now! 

Great idea, said Ron, but before Harry could reply a 
Death Eater shouted, 

We know youre here, Potter, and theres no getting 
away! Well find you! 

They were ready for us, whispered Harry. They set 
up that spell to tell them wed come. I reckon theyve 
done something to keep us here, trap us   

What about dementors? called another Death Eater. 
Let em have free rein, theyd find him quick enough! 



  627 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hand but his 



  an dementors wont kill him! The Dark Lord 
wants Potters life, not his soul. Hell be easier to kill if 
hes been Kissed first! 

There were noises of agreement. Dread filled Harry: 

To repel dementors they would have to produce 
Patronuses, which would give them away 
immediately. 

Were going to have to try to Disapparate, Harry! 
Hermione whispered. 

Even as she said it, he felt the unnatural cold begin to 
steal over the street. Light was sucked from the 
environment right up to the stars, which vanished. In 
the pitchblackness, he felt Hermione take hold of his 
arm and together, they turned on the spot. 

The air through which they needed to move seemed to 
have become solid: They could not Disapparate; the 
Death Eaters had cast their charms well. The cold 
was biting deeper and deeper into Harrys flesh. He, 
Ron, and Hermione retreated down the side street, 
groping their way along the wall, trying not to make a 
sound. Then, around the corner, gliding noiselessly, 
came dementors, ten or more of them, visible because 
they were of a denser darkness than their 
surroundings, with their black cloaks and their 
scabbed and rotting hands. Could they sense fear in 
the vicinity? Harry was sure of it: They seemed to be 
coming more quickly now, taking those dragging, 
rattling breaths he detested, tasting despair on the 
air, closing in  

He raised his wand: He could not, would not, suffer 
the Dementors Kiss, whatever happened afterward. It 

  628 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he 
whispered, Expecto Patronum). 

The silver stag burst from his wand and charged: The 
dementors scattered and there was a triumphant yell 
from somewhere out of sight. 

Its him, down there, down there, I saw his Patronus, 
it was a stag! 

The dementors had retreated, the stars were popping 
out again, and the footsteps of the Death Eaters were 
becoming louder; but before Harry in his panic could 
decide what to do, there was a grinding of bolts 
nearby, a door opened on the lefthand side of the 
narrow street, and a rough voice said, Potter, in here, 
quick! 

He obeyed without hesitation: The three of them 
hurtled through the open doorway. 

Upstairs, keep the Cloak on, keep quiet! muttered a 
tall figure, passing them on his way into the street 
and slamming the door behind him. 

Harry had had no idea where they were, but now he 
saw, by the stuttering light of a single candle, the 
grubby, sawdust strewn bar of the Hogs Head Inn. 
They ran behind the counter and through a second 
doorway, which led to a rickety wooden staircase that 
they climbed as fast as they could. The stairs opened 
onto a sitting room with a threadbare carpet and a 
small fireplace, above which hung a single large oil 
painting of a blonde girl who gazed out at the room 
with a kind of vacant sweetness. 

Shouts reached them from the street below. Still 
wearing the Invisibility Cloak, they crept toward the 
grimy window and looked down. Their savior, whom 

  629 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry now recognized as the Hogs Heads barman, 
was the only person not wearing a hood. 

So what? he was bellowing into one of the hooded 
faces. So what? You send dementors down my street, 
Ill send a Patronus back at em! Im not having em 
near me, Ive told you that, Im not having it! 

That wasnt your Patronus! said a Death Eater. 

That was a stag, it was Potters! 

Stag! roared the barman, and he pulled out a wand. 
Stag! You idiot  Expecto Patronum .! 

Something huge and horned erupted from the wand: 
Head down, it charged toward the High Street and out 
of sight. 

Thats not what I saw   said the Death Eater, 
though with less certainty. 

Curfews been broken, you heard the noise, one of 
his companions told the barman. Someone was out 
in the street against regulations   

If I want to put my cat out, I will, and be damned to 
your curfew! 

 You set off the Caterwauling Charm? 

What if I did? Going to cart me off to Azkaban? Kill 
me for sticking my nose out my own front door? Do it, 
then, if you want to! But I hope for your sakes you 
havent pressed your little Dark Marks and 
summoned him. Hes not going to like being called 
here for me and my old cat, is he, now? 

Dont you worry about us, said one of the Death 
Eaters, worry about yourself, breaking curfew! 

  630 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And where will you lot traffick potions and poisons 
when my pubs closed down? Whatll happen to your 
little sidelines then? 



Are you threatening  ? 



I keep my mouth shut, its why you come here, isnt 
it? 



I still say I saw a stag Patronus! shouted the first 
Death Eater. 

Stag? roared the barman. Its a goat, idiot! 

All right, we made a mistake, said the second Death 
Eater. Break curfew again and we wont be so 
lenient! 

The Death Eaters strode back toward the High Street. 
Hermione moaned with relief, wove out from under 
the Cloak, and sat down on a wobblelegged chair. 
Harry drew the curtains tight shut, then pulled the 
Cloak off himself and Ron. They could hear the 
barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, 
then climbing the stairs. 

Harrys attention was caught by something on the 
mantelpiece: a small, rectangular mirror propped on 
top of it, right beneath the portrait of the girl. 

The barman entered the room. 

You bloody fools, he said gruffly, looking from one to 
the other of them. What were you thinking, coming 
here? 

Thank you, said Harry. We cant thank you 
enough. You saved our lives. 

  631 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The barman grunted. Harry approached him, looking 
up into the face, trying to see past the long, stringy, 
wiregray hair and beard. He wore spectacles. Behind 
the dirty lenses, the eyes were a piercing, brilliant 
blue. 

Its your eye Ive been seeing in the mirror. 

There was silence in the room. Harry and the barman 
looked at each other. 

You sent Dobby. 

The barman nodded and looked around for the elf. 

Thought hed be with you. Where Ve you left him? 

Hes dead, said Harry. Bellatrix Lestrange killed 
him. 

The barmans face was impassive. After a few 
moments he said, Im sorry to hear it. I liked that 
elf. 

He turned away, lighting lamps with prods of his 
wand, not looking at any of them. 

Youre Aberforth, said Harry to the mans back. 

He neither confirmed nor denied it, but bent to light 
the fire. 

How did you get this? Harry asked, walking across 
to Siriuss mirror, the twin of the one he had broken 
nearly two years before. Bought it from Dung bout a 
year ago, said Aberforth. Albus told me what it was. 
Been trying to keep an eye out for you. 

Ron gasped. 

  632 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The silver doe! he said excitedly. Was that you too? 

What are you talking about? said Aberforth. 

Someone sent a doe Patronus to us! 

Brains like that, you could be a Death Eater, son. 
Havent I just proved my Patronus is a goat? 

Oh, said Ron. Yeah ... well, Im hungry! he added 
defensively as his stomach gave an enormous rumble. 

I got food, said Aberforth, and he sloped out of the 
room, reappearing moments later with a large loaf of 
bread, some cheese, and a pewter jug of mead, which 
he set upon a small table in front of the fire. 

Ravenous, they ate and drank, and for a while there 
was silence but for the crackle of the fire, the clink of 
goblets, and the sound of chewing. 

Right then, said Aberforth when they had eaten 
their fill, and Harry and Ron sat slumped dozily in 
their chairs. We need to think of the best way to get 
you out of here. Cant be done by night, you heard 
what happens if anyone moves outdoors during 
darkness: Caterwauling Charms set off, theyll be 
onto you like bowtruckles on doxy eggs. I dont 
reckon Ill be able to pass off a stag as a goat a second 
time. Wait for daybreak when curfew lifts, then you 
can put your Cloak back on and set out on foot. Get 
right out of Hogsmeade, up into the mountains, and 
youll be able to Disapparate there. Might see Hagrid. 
Hes been hiding in a cave up there with Grawp ever 
since they tried to arrest him. 

Were not leaving, said Harry. We need to get into 
Hogwarts. 

Dont be stupid, boy, said Aberforth. 

  633 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Weve got to, said Harry. 



What youve got to do, said Aberforth, leaning 
forward, is to get as far from here as you can. 

You dont understand. There isnt much time. Weve 
got to get into the castle. Dumbledore  I mean, your 
brother  wanted us   

The firelight made the grimy lenses of Aberforth s 
glasses momentarily opaque, a bright flat white, and 
Harry remembered the blind eyes of the giant spider, 
Aragog. 

My brother Albus wanted a lot of things, said 
Aberforth, and people had a habit of getting hurt 
while he was carrying out his grand plans. You get 
away from this school, Potter, and out of the country 
if you can. Forget my brother and his clever schemes. 
Hes gone where none of this can hurt him, and you 
dont owe him anything. 

You dont understand, said Harry again. 

Oh, dont I? said Aberforth quietly. You dont think 
I understood my own brother? Think you knew Albus 
better than I did? 

I didnt mean that, said Harry, whose brain felt 
sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food 
and wine. Its ... he left me a job. 

Did he now? said Aberforth. Nice job, I hope? 
Pleasant? Easy? Sort of thing youd expect an 
unqualified wizard kid to be able to do without 
overstretching themselves? 

Ron gave a rather grim laugh. Hermione was looking 
strained. 

  634 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Iits not easy, no, said Harry. But Ive got to   

 Got to? Why got to*? Hes dead, isnt he? said 
Aberforth roughly. Let it go, boy, before you follow 
him! Save yourself! 

I cant. 

Why not? 

I   Harry felt overwhelmed; he could not explain, so 
he took the offensive instead. But youre fighting too, 
youre in the Order of the Phoenix   

I was, said Aberforth. The Order of the Phoenix is 
finished. YouKnowWhos won, its over, and anyone 
whos pretending differents kidding themselves. Itll 
never be safe for you here, Potter, he wants you too 
badly. So go abroad, go into hiding, save yourself. 

Best take these two with you. He jerked a thumb at 
Ron and Hermione. Theyll be in danger long as they 
live now everyone knows theyve been working with 
you. 

I cant leave, said Harry. Ive got a job   

Give it to someone else! 

I cant. Its got to be me, Dumbledore explained it all 



Oh, did he now? And did he tell you everything, was 
he honest with you? 

Harry wanted with all his heart to say Yes, but 
somehow the simple word would not rise to his lips. 
Aberforth seemed to know what he was thinking. 



  635 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I knew my brother, Potter. He learned secrecy at our 
mothers knee. Secrets and lies, thats how we grew 
up, and Albus ... he was a natural. 

The old mans eyes traveled to the painting of the girl 
over the mantelpiece. It was, now Harry looked 
around properly, the only picture in the room. There 
was no photograph of Albus Dumbledore, nor of 
anyone else. 

Mr. Dumbledore? said Hermione rather timidly. Is 
that your sister? Ariana? 

Yes, said Aberforth tersely. Been reading Rita 
Skeeter, have you, missy? 

Even by the rosy light of the fire it was clear that 
Hermione had turned red. 

Elphias Doge mentioned her to us, said Harry, 
trying to spare Hermione. 

That old berk, muttered Aberforth, taking another 
swig of mead. Thought the sun shone out of my 
brothers every orifice, he did. Well, so did plenty of 
people, you three included, by the looks of it. 

Harry kept quiet. He did not want to express the 
doubts and uncertainties about Dumbledore that had 
riddled him for months now. He had made his choice 
while he dug Dobbys grave, he had decided to 
continue along the winding, dangerous path indicated 
for him by Albus Dumbledore, to accept that he had 
not been told everything that he wanted to know, but 
simply to trust. He had no desire to doubt again; he 
did not want to hear anything that would deflect him 
from his purpose. He met Aberforth s gaze, which was 
so strikingly like his brothers: The bright blue eyes 
gave the same impression that they were Xraying the 
  636 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




object of their scrutiny, and Harry thought that 
Aberforth knew what he was thinking and despised 
him for it. 

Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry, very 
much, said Hermione in a low voice. 

Did he now? said Aberforth. Funny thing, how 
many of the people my brother cared about very 
much ended up in a worse state than if hed left em 
well alone. 

What do you mean? asked Hermione breathlessly. 

Never you mind, said Aberforth. 

But thats a really serious thing to say! said 
Hermione. Are you  are you talking about your 
sister? 

Aberforth glared at her: His lips moved as if he were 
chewing the words he was holding back. Then he 
burst into speech. 

When my sister was six years old, she was attacked, 
set upon, by three Muggle boys. Theyd seen her 
doing magic, spying through the back garden hedge: 
She was a kid, she couldnt control it, no witch or 
wizard can at that age. What they saw scared them, I 
expect. They forced their way through the hedge, and 
when she couldnt show them the trick, they got a bit 
carried away trying to stop the little freak doing it. 

Hermione s eyes were huge in the firelight; Ron looked 
slightly sick. Aberforth stood up, tall as Albus, and 
suddenly terrible in his anger and the intensity of his 
pain. 



  637 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It destroyed her, what they did: She was never right 
again. She wouldnt use magic, but she couldnt get 
rid of it; it turned inward and drove her mad, it 
exploded out of her when she couldnt control it, and 
at times she was strange and dangerous. But mostly 
she was sweet and scared and harmless. 

And my father went after the bastards that did it, 
said Aberforth, and attacked them. And they locked 
him up in Azkaban for it. He never said why hed 
done it, because if the Ministry had known what 
Ariana had become, shed have been locked up in St. 
Mungos for good. Theyd have seen her as a serious 
threat to the International Statute of Secrecy, 
unbalanced like she was, with magic exploding out of 
her at moments when she couldnt keep it in any 
longer. 

We had to keep her safe and quiet. We moved house, 
put it about she was ill, and my mother looked after 
her, and tried to keep her calm and happy. 

I was her favorite, he said, and as he said it, a 
grubby schoolboy seemed to look out through 
Aberforths wrinkles and tangled beard. Not Albus, 
he was always up in his bedroom when he was home, 
reading his books and counting his prizes, keeping up 
with his correspondence with the most notable 
magical names of the day,  Aberforth sneered. He 
didnt want to be bothered with her. She liked me 
best. I could get her to eat when she wouldnt do it for 
my mother, I could get her to calm down when she 
was in one of her rages, and when she was quiet, she 
used to help me feed the goats. 

Then, when she was fourteen ... See, I wasnt there, 
said Aberforth. If Id been there, I could have calmed 
her down. She had one of her rages, and my mother 
wasnt as young as she was, and ... it was an 

  638 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




accident. Ariana couldnt control it. But my mother 
was killed. 

Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion; he 
did not want to hear any more, but Aberforth kept 
talking, and Harry wondered how long it had been 
since he had spoken about this; whether, in fact, he 
had ever spoken about it. 

So that put paid to Albuss trip round the world with 
little Doge. The pair of em came home for my 
mothers funeral and then Doge went off on his own, 
and Albus settled down as head of the family. Ha! 

Aberforth spat into the fire. 

Id have looked after her, I told him so, I didnt care 
about school, Id have stayed home and done it. He 
told me I had to finish my education and hed take 
over from my mother. Bit of a comedown for Mr. 
Brilliant, theres no prizes for looking after your half 
mad sister, stopping her blowing up the house every 
other day. But he did all right for a few weeks . . . till 
he came. 

And now a positively dangerous look crept over 
Aberforths face. 

Grindelwald. And at last, my brother had an equal to 
talk to, someone just as bright and talented as he 
was. And looking after Ariana took a backseat then, 
while they were hatching all their plans for a new 
Wizarding order, and looking for Hallows, and 
whatever else it was they were so interested in. Grand 
plans for the benefit of all Wizardkind, and if one 
young girl got neglected, what did that matter, when 
Albus was working for the greater good? 



  639 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But after a few weeks of it, Id had enough, I had. It 
was nearly time for me to go back to Hogwarts, so I 
told em, both of em, facetoface, like I am to you, 
now, and Aberforth looked down at Harry, and it 
took little imagination to see him as a teenager, wiry 
and angry, confronting his elder brother. I told him, 
youd better give it up now. You cant move her, shes 
in no fit state, you cant take her with you, wherever it 
is youre planning to go, when youre making your 
clever speeches, trying to whip yourselves up a 
following. He didnt like that, said Aberforth, and his 
eyes were briefly occluded by the firelight on the 
lenses of his glasses: They shone white and blind 
again. Grindelwald didnt like that at all. He got 
angry. He told me what a stupid little boy I was, 
trying to stand in the way of him and my brilliant 
brother. ... Didnt I understand, my poor sister 
wouldnt have to be hidden once theyd changed the 
world, and led the wizards out of hiding, and taught 
the Muggles their place? 

And there was an argument . . . and I pulled out my 
wand, and he pulled out his, and I had the Cruciatus 
Curse used on me by my brothers best friend  and 
Albus was trying to stop him, and then all three of us 
were dueling, and the flashing lights and the bangs 
set her off, she couldnt stand it   

The color was draining from Aberforth s face as 
though he had suffered a mortal wound. 

  and I think she wanted to help, but she didnt 
really know what she was doing, and I dont know 
which of us did it, it could have been any of us  and 
she was dead. 

His voice broke on the last word and he dropped 
down into the nearest chair. Hermiones face was wet 
with tears, and Ron was almost as pale as Aberforth. 

  640 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry felt nothing but revulsion: He wished he had 
not heard it, wished he could wash his mind clean of 
it. 

Im so ... Im so sorry, Hermione whispered. 

Gone, croaked Aberforth. Gone forever. 

He wiped his nose on his cuff and cleared his throat. 

 Course, Grindelwald scarpered. He had a bit of a 
track record already, back in his own country, and he 
didnt want Ariana set to his account too. And Albus 
was free, wasnt he? Free of the burden of his sister, 
free to become the greatest wizard of the   

He was never free, said Harry. 

I beg your pardon? said Aberforth. 

Never, said Harry. The night that your brother died, 
he drank a potion that drove him out of his mind. He 
started screaming, pleading with someone who wasnt 
there. Dont hurt them, please ... hurt me instead.  

Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry. He had 
never gone into details about what had happened on 
the island on the lake: The events that had taken 
place after he and Dumbledore had returned to 
Hogwarts had eclipsed it so thoroughly. 

He thought he was back there with you and 
Grindelwald, I know he did, said Harry, remembering 
Dumbledore whimpering, pleading. He thought he 
was watching Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana. . . . 
It was torture to him, if youd seen him then, you 
wouldnt say he was free. 



  641 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Aberforth seemed lost in contemplation of his own 
knotted and veined hands. After a long pause he said, 
How can you be sure, Potter, that my brother wasnt 
more interested in the greater good than in you? How 
can you be sure you arent dispensable, just like my 
little sister? 

A shard of ice seemed to pierce Harrys heart. 

I dont believe it. Dumbledore loved Harry, said 
Hermione. 

Why didnt he tell him to hide, then? shot back 
Aberforth. Why didnt he say to him, Take care of 
yourself, heres how to survive? 

Because, said Harry before Hermione could answer, 
sometimes youve got to think about more than your 
own safety! Sometimes youve got to think about the 
greater good! This is war! 

Youre seventeen, boy! 

Im of age, and Im going to keep fighting even if 
youve given up! 

Who says Ive given up? 

 The Order of the Phoenix is finished,  Harry 
repeated.  Tou Know Whos won, its over, and 
anyone whos pretending differents kidding 
themselves.  

I dont say I like it, but its the truth! 

No, it isnt, said Harry. Your brother knew how to 
finish YouKnowWho and he passed the knowledge 
on to me. Im going to keep going until I succeed  or 



  642 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I die. Dont think I dont know how this might end. 
Ive known it for years. 



He waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue, but he did 
not. He merely scowled. 

We need to get into Hogwarts, said Harry again. If 
you cant help us, well wait till daybreak, leave you in 
peace, and try to find a way in ourselves. If you can 
help us  well, now would be a great time to mention 
it. 

Aberforth remained fixed in his chair, gazing at Harry 
with the eyes that were so extraordinarily like his 
brothers. At last he cleared his throat, got to his feet, 
walked around the little table, and approached the 
portrait of Ariana. 

You know what to do, he said. 

She smiled, turned, and walked away, not as people 
in portraits usually did, out of the sides of their 
frames, but along what seemed to be a long tunnel 
painted behind her. They watched her slight figure 
retreating until finally she was swallowed by the 
darkness. 

Er  what  ? began Ron. 

Theres only one way in now, said Aberforth. You 
must know theyve got all the old secret passageways 
covered at both ends, dementors all around the 
boundary walls, regular patrols inside the school from 
what my sources tell me. The place has never been so 
heavily guarded. How you expect to do anything once 
you get inside it, with Snape in charge and the 
Carrows as his deputies ... well, thats your lookout, 
isnt it? You say youre prepared to die. 

  643 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But what ... ? said Hermione, frowning at Arianas 
picture. 

A tiny white dot had reappeared at the end of the 
painted tunnel, and now Ariana was walking back 
toward them, growing bigger and bigger as she came. 
But there was somebody else with her now, someone 
taller than she was, who was limping along, looking 
excited. His hair was longer than Harry had ever seen 
it: He appeared to have suffered several gashes to his 
face and his clothes were ripped and torn. Larger and 
larger the two figures grew, until only their heads and 
shoulders filled the portrait. Then the whole thing 
swung forward on the wall like a little door, and the 
entrance to a real tunnel was revealed. And out of it, 
his hair overgrown, his face cut, his robes ripped, 
clambered the real Neville Longbottom, who gave a 
roar of delight, leapt down from the mantelpiece, and 
yelled, I knew youd come! I knew it, HarryY 



  644 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE LOST DIADEM 

Neville  what the  how  ? 

But Neville had spotted Ron and Hermione, and with 
yells of delight was hugging them too. The longer 
Harry looked at Neville, the worse he appeared: One 
of his eyes was swollen yellow and purple, there were 
gouge marks on his face, and his general air of 
unkemptness suggested that he had been living 
rough. Nevertheless, his battered visage shone with 
happiness as he let go of Hermione and said again, I 
knew youd come! Kept telling Seamus it was a matter 
of time! 

Neville, whats happened to you? 

What? This? Neville dismissed his injuries with a 
shake of the head. This is nothing. Seamus is worse. 
Youll see. Shall we get going then? Oh, he turned to 
Aberforth, Ab, there might be a couple more people 
on the way. 



  645 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Couple more? repeated Aberforth ominously. What 
dyou mean, a couple more, Longbottom? Theres a 
curfew and a Caterwauling Charm on the whole 
village! 

I know, thats why theyll be Apparating directly into 
the bar, said Neville. Just send them down the 
passage when they get here, will you? Thanks a lot. 

Neville held out his hand to Hermione and helped her 
to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel; 
Ron followed, then Neville. Harry addressed 
Aberforth. 

I dont know how to thank you. Youve saved our 
lives twice. 

Look after em, then, said Aberforth gruffly. I might 
not be able to save em a third time. 

Harry clambered up onto the mantelpiece and 
through the hole behind Arianas portrait. There were 
smooth stone steps on the other side: It looked as 
though the passageway had been there for years. 
Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor 
was worn and smooth; as they walked, their shadows 
rippled, fanlike, across the wall. 

How longs this been here? Ron asked as they set 
off. It isnt on the Marauders Map, is it, Harry? I 
thought there were only seven passages in and out of 
school? 

They sealed off all of those before the start of the 
year, said Neville. Theres no chance of getting 
through any of them now, not with curses over the 
entrances and Death Eaters and dementors waiting at 
the exits. He started walking backward, beaming, 
drinking them in. Never mind that stuff. ... Is it true? 
  646 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Did you break into Gringotts? Did you escape on a 
dragon? Its everywhere, everyones talking about it, 
Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about 
it in the Great Hall at dinner! 

Yeah, its true, said Harry. 

Neville laughed gleefully. 

What did you do with the dragon? 

Released it into the wild, said Ron. Hermione was 
all for keeping it as a pet   

Dont exaggerate, Ron   

But what have you been doing? People have been 
saying youve just been on the run, Harry, but I dont 
think so. I think youve been up to something. 

Youre right, said Harry, but tell us about 
Hogwarts, Neville, we havent heard anything. 

Its been ... well, its not really like Hogwarts 
anymore, said Neville, the smile fading from his face 
as he spoke. Do you know about the Carrows? 

Those two Death Eaters who teach here? 

They do more than teach, said Neville. Theyre in 
charge of all discipline. They like punishment, the 
Carrows. 

Like Umbridge? 

Nah, they make her look tame. The other teachers 
are all supposed to refer us to the Carrows if we do 
anything wrong. They dont, though, if they can avoid 
it. You can tell they all hate them as much as we do. 

  647 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Amycus, the bloke, he teaches what used to be 
Defense Against the Dark Arts, except now its just 
the Dark Arts. Were supposed to practice the 
Cruciatus Curse on people whove earned detentions 



What? 

Harry, Ron, and Hermiones united voices echoed up 
and down the passage. 

Yeah, said Neville. Thats how I got this one, he 
pointed at a particularly deep gash in his cheek, I 
refused to do it. Some people are into it, though; 
Crabbe and Goyle love it. First time theyve ever been 
top in anything, I expect. 

Alecto, Amycuss sister, teaches Muggle Studies, 
which is compulsory for everyone. Weve all got to 
listen to her explain how Muggles are like animals, 
stupid and dirty, and how they drove wizards into 
hiding by being vicious toward them, and how the 
natural order is being reestablished. I got this one, 
he indicated another slash to his face, for asking her 
how much Muggle blood she and her brother have 
got. 

Blimey, Neville, said Ron, theres a time and a place 
for getting a smart mouth. 

You didnt hear her, said Neville. You wouldnt have 
stood it either. The thing is, it helps when people 
stand up to them, it gives everyone hope. I used to 
notice that when you did it, Harry. 

But theyve used you as a knife sharpener, said 
Ron, wincing slightly as they passed a lamp and 
Nevilles injuries were thrown into even greater relief. 



  648 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Neville shrugged. 



Doesnt matter. They dont want to spill too much 
pure blood, so theyll torture us a bit if were mouthy 
but they wont actually kill us. 

Harry did not know what was worse, the things that 
Neville was saying or the matteroffact tone in which 
he said them. 

The only people in real danger are the ones whose 
friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. 
They get taken hostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was 
getting a bit too outspoken in The Quihhler, so they 
dragged Luna off the train on the way back for 
Christmas. 

Neville, shes all right, weve seen her   

Yeah, I know, she managed to get a message to me. 

From his pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry 
recognized it as one of the fake Galleons that 
Dumbledores Army had used to send one another 
messages. 

These have been great, said Neville, beaming at 
Hermione. The Carrows never rumbled how we were 
communicating, it drove them mad. We used to sneak 
out at night and put graffiti on the walls: 

Dumbledores Army, Still Recruiting, stuff like that. 
Snape hated it. 

You used to? said Harry, who had noticed the past 
tense. 

Well, it got more difficult as time went on, said 
Neville. We lost Luna at Christmas, and Ginny never 
came back after Easter, and the three of us were sort 

  649 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




of the leaders. The Carrows seemed to know I was 
behind a lot of it, so they started coming down on me 
hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught 
releasing a firstyear theyd chained up, and they 
tortured him pretty badly. That scared people off. 

No kidding, muttered Ron, as the passage began to 
slope upward. 

Yeah, well, I couldnt ask people to go through what 
Michael did, so we dropped those kinds of stunts. But 
we were still fighting, doing underground stuff, right 
up until a couple of weeks ago. Thats when they 
decided there was only one way to stop me, I suppose, 
and they went for Gran. 

They what? said Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
together. 

Yeah, said Neville, panting a little now, because the 
passage was climbing so steeply, well, you can see 
their thinking. It had worked really well, kidnapping 
kids to force their relatives to behave, I spose it was 
only a matter of time before they did it the other way 
around. Thing was, he faced them, and Harry was 
astonished to see that he was grinning, they bit off a 
bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old 
witch living alone, they probably thought they didnt 
need to send anyone particularly powerful. Anyway, 
Neville laughed, Dawlish is still in St. Mungos and 
Grans on the run. She sent me a letter, he clapped a 
hand to the breast pocket of his robes, telling me she 
was proud of me, that Im my parents son, and to 
keep it up. 

Cool, said Ron. 

Yeah, said Neville happily. Only thing was, once 
they realized they had no hold over me, they decided 

  650 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hogwarts could do without me after all. I dont know 
whether they were planning to kill me or send me to 
Azkaban; either way, I knew it was time to disappear. 

But, said Ron, looking thoroughly confused, arent 
 arent we heading straight back into Hogwarts? 

 Course, said Neville. Youll see. Were here. 

They turned a corner and there ahead of them was 
the end of the passage. Another short flight of steps 
led to a door just like the one hidden behind Arianas 
portrait. Neville pushed it open and climbed through. 
As Harry followed, he heard Neville call out to unseen 
people: 

Look who it is! Didnt I tell you? 

As Harry emerged into the room beyond the passage, 
there were several screams and yells: HARRY! Its 
Potter, its POTTER! Ron! Hermionel 

He had a confused impression of colored hangings, of 
lamps and many faces. The next moment, he, Ron, 
and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the 
back, their hair ruffled, their hands shaken, by what 
seemed to be more than twenty people: They might 
just have won a Quidditch final. 

Okay, okay, calm down! Neville called, and as the 
crowd backed away, Harry was able to take in their 
surroundings. 

He did not recognize the room at all. It was enormous, 
and looked rather like the interior of a particularly 
sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ships 
cabin. Multicolored hammocks were strung from the 
ceiling and from a balcony that ran around the dark 
woodpaneled and windowless walls, which were 
  651 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




covered in bright tapestry hangings: Harry saw the 
gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet; the black 
badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow; and the 
bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. The silver and 
green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were 
bulging bookcases, a few broomsticks propped 
against the walls, and in the corner, a large wooden 
cased wireless. 

Where are we? 

Room of Requirement, of course! said Neville. 
Surpassed itself, hasnt it? The Carrows were 
chasing me, and I knew I had just one chance for a 
hideout: I managed to get through the door and this 
is what I found! Well, it wasnt exactly like this when I 
arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one 
hammock and just Gryffindor hangings. But its 
expanded as more and more of the D.A. have arrived. 

And the Carrows cant get in? asked Harry, looking 
around for the door. 

No, said Seamus Finnigan, whom Harry had not 
recognized until he spoke: Seamuss face was bruised 
and puffy. Its a proper hideout, as long as one of us 
stays in here, they cant get at us, the door wont 
open. Its all down to Neville. He really gets this room. 
Youve got to ask it for exactly what you need  like, 

I dont want any Carrow supporters to be able to get 
in  and itll do it for you! Youve just got to make 
sure you close the loopholes! Nevilles the man! 

Its quite straightforward, really, said Neville 
modestly. Id been in here about a day and a half, 
and getting really hungry, and wishing I could get 
something to eat, and thats when the passage to the 
Hogs Head opened up. I went through it and met 
Aberforth. Hes been providing us with food, because 
  652 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




for some reason, thats the one thing the room doesnt 
really do. 



Yeah, well, foods one of the five exceptions to 
Gamps Law of Elemental Transfiguration, said Ron 
to general astonishment. 

So weve been hiding out here for nearly two weeks, 
said Seamus, and it just makes more hammocks 
every time we need them, and it even sprouted a 
pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up  



  and thought theyd quite like to wash, yes, 
supplied Lavender Brown, whom Harry had not 
noticed until that point. Now that he looked around 
properly, he recognized many familiar faces. Both 
Patil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie 
Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner. 

Tell us what youve been up to, though, said Ernie. 
Thereve been so many rumors, weve been trying to 
keep up with you on Potterwatch. He pointed at the 
wireless. You didnt break into Gringotts? 

They did! said Neville. And the dragons true too! 

There was a smattering of applause and a few 
whoops; Ron took a bow. 

What were you after? asked Seamus eagerly. 

Before any of them could parry the question with one 
of their own, Harry felt a terrible, scorching pain in 
the lightning scar. As he turned his back hastily on 
the curious and delighted faces, the Room of 
Requirement vanished, and he was standing inside a 
ruined stone shack, and the rotting floorboards were 
ripped apart at his feet, a disinterred golden box lay 
  653 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemorts 
scream of fury vibrated inside his head. 

With an enormous effort he pulled out of Voldemorts 
mind again, back to where he stood, swaying, in the 
Room of Requirement, sweat pouring from his face 
and Ron holding him up. 

Are you all right, Harry? Neville was saying. Want 
to sit down? I expect youre tired, arent  ? 

No, said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione, 
trying to tell them without words that Voldemort had 
just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. 
Time was running out fast: If Voldemort chose to visit 
Hogwarts next, they would miss their chance. 

We need to get going, he said, and their expressions 
told him that they understood. 

What are we going to do, then, Harry? asked 
Seamus. Whats the plan? 

Plan? repeated Harry. He was exercising all his 
willpower to prevent himself succumbing again to 
Voldemorts rage: His scar was still burning. Well, 
theres something we  Ron, Hermione, and I  need 
to do, and then well get out of here. 

Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. Neville 
looked confused. 

What dyou mean, get out of here? 

We havent come back to stay, said Harry, rubbing 
his scar, trying to soothe the pain. Theres something 
important we need to do   

What is it? 

  654 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I  I cant tell you. 



There was a ripple of muttering at this: Nevilles 
brows contracted. 

Why cant you tell us? Its something to do with 
fighting YouKnowWho, right? 

Well, yeah   

Then well help you. 

The other members of Dumbledores Army were 
nodding, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A 
couple of them rose from their chairs to demonstrate 
their willingness for immediate action. 

You dont understand. Harry seemed to have said 
that a lot in the last few hours. We  we cant tell 
you. Weve got to do it  alone. 

Why? asked Neville. 

Because ... In his desperation to start looking for 
the missing Horcrux, or at least to have a private 
discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they 
might commence their search, Harry found it difficult 
to gather his thoughts. His scar was still searing. 
Dumbledore left the three of us a job, he said 
carefully, and we werent supposed to tell  I mean, 
he wanted us to do it, just the three of us. 

Were his army, said Neville. Dumbledores Army. 
We were all in it together, weve been keeping it going 
while you three have been off on your own   

It hasnt exactly been a picnic, mate, said Ron. 



  655 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I never said it had, but I dont see why you cant 
trust us. Everyone in this rooms been fighting and 
theyve been driven in here because the Carrows were 
hunting them down. Everyone in heres proven theyre 
loyal to Dumbledore  loyal to you. 

Look, Harry began, without knowing what he was 
going to say, but it did not matter: The tunnel door 
had just opened behind him. 

We got your message, Neville! Hello you three, I 
thought you must be here! 

It was Luna and Dean. Seamus gave a great roar of 
delight and ran to hug his best friend. 

Hi, everyone! said Luna happily. Oh, its great to be 
back! 

Luna, said Harry distractedly, what are you doing 
here? How did you  ? 

I sent for her, said Neville, holding up the fake 
Galleon. I promised her and Ginny that if you turned 
up Id let them know. We all thought that if you came 
back, it would mean revolution. That we were going to 
overthrow Snape and the Carrows. 

Of course thats what it means, said Luna brightly. 
Isnt it, Harry? Were going to fight them out of 
Hogwarts? 

Listen, said Harry with a rising sense of panic, Im 
sorry, but thats not what we came back for. Theres 
something weve got to do, and then   

Youre going to leave us in this mess? demanded 
Michael Corner. 



  656 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No! said Ron. What were doing will benefit 
everyone in the end, its all about trying to get rid of 
YouKnowWho   



Then let us help! said Neville angrily. We want to be 
a part of it! 

There was another noise behind them, and Harry 
turned. His heart seemed to fail: Ginny was now 
climbing through the hole in the wall, closely followed 
by Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a 
radiant smile: He had forgotten, or had never fully 
appreciated, how beautiful she was, but he had never 
been less pleased to see her. 

Aberforths getting a bit annoyed, said Fred, raising 
his hand in answer to several cries of greeting. He 
wants a kip, and his bars turned into a railway 
station. 

Harrys mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan 
came Harrys old girlfriend, Cho Chang. She smiled at 
him. 

I got the message, she said, holding up her own fake 
Galleon, and she walked over to sit beside Michael 
Corner. 

So whats the plan, Harry? said George. 

There isnt one, said Harry, still disoriented by the 
sudden appearance of all these people, unable to take 
everything in while his scar was still burning so 
fiercely. 

Just going to make it up as we go along, are we? My 
favorite kind, said Fred. 



  657 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youve got to stop this! Harry told Neville. What did 
you call them all back for? This is insane   

Were fighting, arent we? said Dean, taking out his 
fake Galleon. The message said Harry was back, and 
we were going to fight! Ill have to get a wand, though 



You havent got a wand  ? began Seamus. 

Ron turned suddenly to Harry. 

Why cant they help? 

What? 

They can help. He dropped his voice and said, so 
that none of them could hear but Hermione, who 
stood between them, We dont know where it is. 
Weve got to find it fast. We dont have to tell them its 
a Horcrux. 

Harry looked from Ron to Hermione, who murmured, 
I think Rons right. We dont even know what were 
looking for, we need them. And when Harry looked 
unconvinced, You dont have to do everything alone, 
Harry. 

Harry thought fast, his scar still prickling, his head 
threatening to split again. Dumbledore had warned 
him against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione 
about the Horcruxes. Secrets and lies, thats how we 
grew up, and Albus ...he was a natural. ... Was he 
turning into Dumbledore, keeping his secrets 
clutched to his chest, afraid to trust? But 
Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had that 
led? To murder at the top of the highest tower ... 



  658 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




All right, he said quietly to the other two. Okay, he 
called to the room at large, and all noise ceased: Fred 
and George, who had been cracking jokes for the 
benefit of those nearest, fell silent, and all of them 
looked alert, excited. 

Theres something we need to find, Harry said. 
Something  something thatll help us overthrow 
YouKnowWho. Its here at Hogwarts, but we dont 
know where. It might have belonged to Ravenclaw. 

Has anyone heard of an object like that? Has anyone 
ever come across something with her eagle on it, for 
instance? 

He looked hopefully toward the little group of 
Ravenclaws, to Padma, Michael, Terry, and Cho, but 
it was Luna who answered, perched on the arm of 
Ginnys chair. 

Well, theres her lost diadem. I told you about it, 
remember, Harry? The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? 
Daddys trying to duplicate it. 

Yeah, but the lost diadem, said Michael Corner, 
rolling his eyes, is lost, Luna. Thats sort of the 
point. 

When was it lost? asked Harry. 

Centuries ago, they say, said Cho, and Harrys heart 
sank. Professor Flitwick says the diadem vanished 
with Ravenclaw herself. People have looked, but, she 
appealed to her fellow Ravenclaws, nobodys ever 
found a trace of it, have they? 

They all shook their heads. 

Sorry, but what is a diadem? asked Ron. 



  659 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Its a kind of crown, said Terry Boot. Ravenclaws 
was supposed to have magical properties, enhance 
the wisdom of the wearer. 

Yes, Daddys Wrackspurt siphons   

But Harry cut across Luna. 

And none of you have ever seen anything that looks 
like it? 

They all shook their heads again. Harry looked at Ron 
and Hermione and his own disappointment was 
mirrored back at him. An object that had been lost 
this long, and apparently without trace, did not seem 
like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the 
castle. ... Before he could formulate a new question, 
however, Cho spoke again. 

If youd like to see what the diadems supposed to 
look like, I could take you up to our common room 
and show you, Harry? Ravenclaws wearing it in her 
statue. 

Harrys scar scorched again: For a moment the Room 
of Requirement swam before him, and he saw instead 
the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great 
snake wrapped around his shoulders. Voldemort was 
flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, 
to the castle, he did not know: Either way, there was 
hardly any time left. 

Hes on the move, he said quietly to Ron and 
Hermione. He glanced at Cho and then back at them. 
Listen, I know its not much of a lead, but Im going 
to go and look at this statue, at least find out what 
the diadem looks like. Wait for me here and keep, you 
know  the other one  safe. 



  660 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Cho had got to her feet, but Ginny said rather 
fiercely, No, Luna will take Harry, wont you, Luna? 

Oooh, yes, Id like to, said Luna happily, and Cho 
sat down again, looking disappointed. 

How do we get out? Harry asked Neville. 

Over here. 

He led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a small 
cupboard opened onto a steep staircase. 

It comes out somewhere different every day, so 
theyve never been able to find it, he said. Only 
trouble is, we never know exactly where were going to 
end up when we go out. Be careful, Harry, theyre 
always patrolling the corridors at night. 

No problem, said Harry. See you in a bit. 

He and Luna hurried up the staircase, which was 
long, lit by torches, and turned corners in unexpected 
places. At last they reached what appeared to be solid 
wall. 

Get under here, Harry told Luna, pulling out the 
Invisibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. 

He gave the wall a little push. 

It melted away at his touch and they slipped outside: 
Harry glanced back and saw that it had resealed itself 
at once. They were standing in a dark corridor: Harry 
pulled Luna back into the shadows, fumbled in the 
pouch around his neck, and took out the Marauders 
Map. Holding it close to his nose he searched, and 
located his and Lunas dots at last. 



  661 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Were up on the fifth floor, he whispered, watching 
Filch moving away from them, a corridor ahead. 
Come on, this way. 

They crept off. 

Harry had prowled the castle at night many times 
before, but never had his heart hammered this fast, 
never had so much depended on his safe passage 
through the place. Through squares of moonlight 
upon the floor, past suits of armor whose helmets 
creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps, around 
corners beyond which who knew what lurked, Harry 
and Luna walked, checking the Marauders Map 
whenever light permitted, twice pausing to allow a 
ghost to pass without drawing attention to 
themselves. He expected to encounter an obstacle at 
any moment; his worst fear was Peeves, and he 
strained his ears with every step to hear the first, 
telltale signs of the poltergeists approach. 

This way, Harry, breathed Luna, plucking his sleeve 
and pulling him toward a spiral staircase. 

They climbed in tight, dizzying circles; Harry had 
never been up here before. At last they reached a 
door. There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing 
but a plain expanse of aged wood, and a bronze 
knocker in the shape of an eagle. 

Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie 
floating in midair, unconnected to arm or body. She 
knocked once, and in the silence it sounded to Harry 
like a cannon blast. At once the beak of the eagle 
opened, but instead of a birds call, a soft, musical 
voice said, Which came first, the phoenix or the 
flame? 



  662 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Hmm . . . What do you think, Harry? said Luna, 
looking thoughtful. 

What? Isnt there just a password? 

Oh no, youve got to answer a question, said Luna. 

What if you get it wrong? 

Well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it 
right, said Luna. That way you learn, you see? 

Yeah ... Trouble is, we cant really afford to wait for 
anyone else, Luna. 

No, I see what you mean, said Luna seriously. Well 
then, I think the answer is that a circle has no 
beginning. 

Well reasoned, said the voice, and the door swung 
open. 

The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide, 
circular room, airier than any Harry had ever seen at 
Hogwarts. Graceful arched windows punctuated the 
walls, which were hung with blueandbronze silks: 

By day, the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular 
view of the surrounding mountains. The ceiling was 
domed and painted with stars, which were echoed in 
the midnightblue carpet. There were tables, chairs, 
and bookcases, and in a niche opposite the door 
stood a tall statue of white marble. 

Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust he 
had seen at Lunas house. The statue stood beside a 
door that led, he guessed, to dormitories above. He 
strode right up to the marble woman, and she seemed 
to look back at him with a quizzical half smile on her 
face, beautiful yet slightly intimidating. A delicate 
P a g e  663 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top 
of her head. It was not unlike the tiara Fleur had 
worn at her wedding. There were tiny words etched 
into it. Harry stepped out from under the Cloak and 
climbed up onto Ravenclaws plinth to read them. 

 Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure.  

Which makes you pretty skint, witless, said a 
cackling voice. 

Harry whirled around, slipped off the plinth, and 
landed on the floor. The slopingshouldered figure of 
Alecto Carrow was standing before him, and even as 
Harry raised his wand, she pressed a stubby 
forefinger to the skull and snake branded on her 
forearm. 



  664 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   





THE SACKING OF SEVERUS SNAPE 

The moment her finger touched the Mark, Harrys 
scar burned savagely, the starry room vanished from 
sight, and he was standing upon an outcrop of rock 
beneath a cliff, and the sea was washing around him 
and there was triumph in his heart  They have the 
boy. 

A loud bang brought Harry back to where he stood: 
Disoriented, he raised his wand, but the witch before 
him was already falling forward; she hit the ground so 
hard that the glass in the bookcases tinkled. 

Ive never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. 
lessons, said Luna, sounding mildly interested. That 
was noisier than I thought it would be. 

And sure enough, the ceiling had begun to tremble. 
Scurrying, echoing footsteps were growing louder 
from behind the door leading to the dormitories: 
Lunas spell had woken Ravenclaws sleeping above. 

Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Cloak! 

  665 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Lunas feet appeared out of nowhere; he hurried to 
her side and she let the Cloak fall back over them as 
the door opened and a stream of Ravenclaws, all in 
their nightclothes, flooded into the common room. 
There were gasps and cries of surprise as they saw 
Alecto lying there unconscious. Slowly they shuffled 
in around her, a savage beast that might wake at any 
moment and attack them. Then one brave little first 
year darted up to her and prodded her backside with 
his big toe. 

I think she might be dead! he shouted with delight. 

Oh, look, whispered Luna happily, as the 
Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto. Theyre 
pleased! 

Yeah ... great ... 

Harry closed his eyes, and as his scar throbbed he 
chose to sink again into Voldemorts mind. ... He was 
moving along the tunnel into the first cave. ... He had 
chosen to make sure of the locket before coming . . . 
but that would not take him long. . . . 

There was a rap on the common room door and every 
Ravenclaw froze. From the other side, Harry heard the 
soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle door 
knocker: Where do Vanished objects go? 

I dunno, do I? Shut it! snarled an uncouth voice 
that Harry knew was that of the Carrow brother, 
Amycus. Alecto? Alecto? Are you there? Have you got 
him? Open the door! 

The Ravenclaws were whispering amongst 
themselves, terrified. Then, without warning, there 
came a series of loud bangs, as though somebody was 
firing a gun into the door. 

  666 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




ALECTO\ If he comes, and we havent got Potter  
dyou want to go the same way as the Malfoys? 
ANSWER ME! Amyous bellowed, shaking the door for 
all he was worth, but still it did not open. The 
Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of the 
most frightened began scampering back up the 
staircase to their beds. Then, just as Harry was 
wondering whether he ought not to blast open the 
door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could 
do anything else, a second, most familiar voice rang 
out beyond the door. 

May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow? 

Trying  to get  through this damned  door! 
shouted Amycus. Go and get Flitwick! Get him to 
open it, now! 

But isnt your sister in there? asked Professor 
McGonagall. Didnt Professor Flitwick let her in 
earlier this evening, at your urgent request? Perhaps 
she could open the door for you? Then you neednt 
wake up half the castle. 

She aint answering, you old besom! You open it! 
Garn! Do it, now! 

Certainly, if you wish it, said Professor McGonagall, 
with awful coldness. There was a genteel tap of the 
knocker and the musical voice asked again, 

Where do Vanished objects go? 

Into nonbeing, which is to say, everything, replied 
Professor McGonagall. 

Nicely phrased, replied the eagle door knocker, and 
the door swung open. 



  667 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The few Ravenclaws who had remained behind 
sprinted for the stairs as Amycus burst over the 
threshold, brandishing his wand. Hunched like his 
sister, he had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eyes, 
which fell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on 
the floor. He let out a yell of fury and fear. 

Whatve they done, the little whelps? he screamed. 
Ill Cruciate the lot of em till they tell me who did it 
 and whats the Dark Lord going to say? he 
shrieked, standing over his sister and smacking 
himself on the forehead with his fist. We havent got 
him, and theyve gorn and killed her! 

Shes only Stunned, said Professor McGonagall 
impatiently, who had stooped down to examine 
Alecto. Shell be perfectly all right. 

No she bludgering well wont! bellowed Amycus. Not 
after the Dark Lord gets hold of her! Shes gorn and 
sent for him, I felt me Mark burn, and he thinks weve 
got Potter! 

 Got Potter? said Professor McGonagall sharply. 
What do you mean, got Potter? 

He told us Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw 
Tower, and to send for him if we caught him! 

Why would Harry Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw 
Tower? Potter belongs in my House! 

Beneath the disbelief and anger, Harry heard a little 
strain of pride in her voice, and affection for Minerva 
McGonagall gushed up inside him. 

We was told he might come in here! said Carrow. I 
dunno why, do I? 



  668 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Professor McGonagall stood up and her beady eyes 
swept the room. Twice they passed right over the 
place where Harry and Luna stood. 

We can push it off on the kids, said Amycus, his 
piglike face suddenly crafty. Yeah, thats what well 
do. Well say Alecto was ambushed by the kids, them 
kids up there  he looked up at the starry ceiling 
toward the dormitories  and well say they forced 
her to press her Mark, and thats why he got a false 
alarm. ... He can punish them. Couple of kids more or 
less, whats the difference? 

Only the difference between truth and lies, courage 
and cowardice, said Professor McGonagall, who had 
turned pale, a difference, in short, which you and 
your sister seem unable to appreciate. But let me 
make one thing very clear. You are not going to pass 
off your many ineptitudes on the students of 
Hogwarts. I shall not permit it. 

Excuse me? 

Amycus moved forward until he was offensively close 
to Professor McGonagall, his face within inches of 
hers. She refused to back away, but looked down at 
him as if he were something disgusting she had found 
stuck to a lavatory seat. 

Its not a case of what youll permit, Minerva 
McGonagall. Your times over. Its us whats in charge 
here now, and youll back me up or youll pay the 
price. 

And he spat in her face. 

Harry pulled the Cloak off himself, raised his wand, 
and said, You shouldnt have done that. 



  669 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




As Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, Crucio\ 



The Death Eater was lifted off his feet. He writhed 
through the air like a drowning man, thrashing and 
howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a 
shattering of glass, he smashed into the front of a 
bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to the floor. 

I see what Bellatrix meant, said Harry, the blood 
thundering through his brain, you need to really 
mean it. 

Potter! whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching 
her heart. Potter  youre here! What  ? How  ? 
She struggled to pull herself together. Potter, that 
was foolish! 

He spat at you, said Harry. 

Potter, I  that was very  very gallant of you  but 
dont you realize  ? 

Yeah, I do, Harry assured her. Somehow her panic 
steadied him. Professor McGonagall, Voldemorts on 
the way. 

Oh, are we allowed to say the name now? asked 
Luna with an air of interest, pulling off the Invisibility 
Cloak. This appearance of a second outlaw seemed to 
overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered 
backward and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at 
the neck of her old tartan dressing gown. 

I dont think it makes any difference what we call 
him, Harry told Luna. He already knows where I 
am. 



In a distant part of Harrys brain, that part connected 
to the angry, burning scar, he could see Voldemort 

  670 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




sailing fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green 
boat. ... He had nearly reached the island where the 
stone basin stood. ... 

You must flee, whispered Professor McGonagall. 
Now, Potter, as quickly as you can! 

I cant, said Harry. Theres something I need to do. 
Professor, do you know where the diadem of 
Ravenclaw is? 

The ddiadem of Ravenclaw? Of course not  hasnt 
it been lost for centuries? She sat up a little 
straighter. Potter, it was madness, utter madness, 
for you to enter this castle   

I had to, said Harry. Professor, theres something 
hidden here that Im supposed to find, and it could be 
the diadem  if I could just speak to Professor 
Flitwick   

There was a sound of movement, of clinking glass: 
Amycus was coming round. Before Harry or Luna 
could act, Professor McGonagall rose to her feet, 
pointed her wand at the groggy Death Eater, and 
said, Imperio. 

Amycus got up, walked over to his sister, picked up 
her wand, then shuffled obediently to Professor 
McGonagall and handed it over along with his own. 
Then he lay down on the floor beside Alecto. Professor 
McGonagall waved her wand again, and a length of 
shimmering silver rope appeared out of thin air and 
snaked around the Carrows, binding them tightly 
together. 

Potter, said Professor McGonagall, turning to face 
him again with superb indifference to the Carrows 



  671 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




predicament, if HeWhoMustNotBeNamed does 
indeed know that you are here   

As she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain 
blazed through Harry, setting his scar on fire, and for 
a second he looked down upon a basin whose potion 
had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay 
safe beneath the surface  

Potter, are you all right? said a voice, and Harry 
came back: He was clutching Lunas shoulder to 
steady himself. 

Times running out, Voldemorts getting nearer. 
Professor, Im acting on Dumbledores orders, I must 
find what he wanted me to find! But weve got to get 
the students out while Im searching the castle  its 
me Voldemort wants, but he wont care about killing a 
few more or less, not now   not now he knows Im 
attacking Horcruxes, Harry finished the sentence in 
his head. 

Youre acting on Dumbledores orders? she repeated 
with a look of dawning wonder. Then she drew herself 
up to her fullest height. 

We shall secure the school against HeWhoMust 
NotBeNamed while you search for this  this 
object. 

Is that possible? 

I think so, said Professor McGonagall dryly, we 
teachers are rather good at magic, you know. I am 
sure we will be able to hold him off for a while if we all 
put our best efforts into it. Of course, something will 
have to be done about Professor Snape   

Let me   

  672 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




  and if Hogwarts is about to enter a state of siege, 
with the Dark Lord at the gates, it would indeed be 
advisable to take as many innocent people out of the 
way as possible. With the Floo Network under 
observation, and Apparition impossible within the 
grounds   

Theres a way, said Harry quickly, and he explained 
about the passageway leading into the Hogs Head. 

Potter, were talking about hundreds of students   

I know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Death 
Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries 
they wont be interested in anyone whos 
Disapparating out of the Hogs Head. 

Theres something in that, she agreed. She pointed 
her wand at the Carrows, and a silver net fell upon 
their bound bodies, tied itself around them, and 
hoisted them into the air, where they dangled beneath 
the blueandgold ceiling like two large, ugly sea 
creatures. Come. We must alert the other Heads of 
House. Youd better put that Cloak back on. 

She marched toward the door, and as she did so she 
raised her wand. From the tip burst three silver cats 
with spectacle markings around their eyes. The 
Patronuses ran sleekly ahead, filling the spiral 
staircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, 
Harry, and Luna hurried back down. 

Along the corridors they raced, and one by one the 
Patronuses left them; Professor McGonagalls tartan 
dressing gown rustled over the floor, and Harry and 
Luna jogged behind her under the Cloak. 

They had descended two more floors when another 
set of quiet footsteps joined theirs. Harry, whose scar 

  673 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




was still prickling, heard them first: He felt in the 
pouch around his neck for the Marauders Map, but 
before he could take it out, McGonagall too seemed to 
become aware of their company. She halted, raised 
her wand ready to duel, and said, Whos there? 

It is I, said a low voice. 

From behind a suit of armor stepped Severus Snape. 

Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight of him: He had 
forgotten the details of Snape s appearance in the 
magnitude of his crimes, forgotten how his greasy 
black hair hung in curtains around his thin face, how 
his black eyes had a dead, cold look. He was not 
wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in his usual 
black cloak, and he too was holding his wand ready 
for a fight. 

Where are the Carrows? he asked quietly. 

Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severus, 
said Professor McGonagall. 

Snape stepped nearer, and his eyes flitted over 
Professor McGonagall into the air around her, as if he 
knew that Harry was there. Harry held his wand up 
too, ready to attack. 

I was under the impression, said Snape, that Alecto 
had apprehended an intruder. 

Really? said Professor McGonagall. And what gave 
you that impression? 

Snape made a slight flexing movement of his left arm, 
where the Dark Mark was branded into his skin. 



  674 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Oh, but naturally, said Professor McGonagall. You 
Death Eaters have your own private means of 
communication, I forgot. 

Snape pretended not to have heard her. His eyes were 
still probing the air all about her, and he was moving 
gradually closer, with an air of hardly noticing what 
he was doing. 

I did not know that it was your night to patrol the 
corridors, Minerva. 

You have some objection? 

I wonder what could have brought you out of your 
bed at this late hour? 

I thought I heard a disturbance, said Professor 
McGonagall. 

Really? But all seems calm. 

Snape looked into her eyes. 

Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? Because if you 
have, I must insist   

Professor McGonagall moved faster than Harry could 
have believed: Her wand slashed through the air and 
for a split second Harry thought that Snape must 
crumple, unconscious, but the swiftness of his Shield 
Charm was such that McGonagall was thrown off 
balance. She brandished her wand at a torch on the 
wall and it flew out of its bracket: Harry, about to 
curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way 
of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire 
that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape 



  675 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Then it was no longer fire, but a great black serpent 
that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which reformed 
and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of 
pursuing daggers: Snape avoided them only by 
forcing the suit of armor in front of him, and with 
echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, 
into its breast  

Minerva! said a squeaky voice, and looking behind 
him, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw 
Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the 
corridor toward them in their nightclothes, with the 
enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the 
rear. 

No! squealed Flitwick, raising his wand. Youll do 
no more murder at Hogwarts! 

Flitwicks spell hit the suit of armor behind which 
Snape had taken shelter: With a clatter it came to life. 
Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sent it 
flying back toward his attackers: Harry and Luna had 
to dive sideways to avoid it as it smashed into the wall 
and shattered. When Harry looked up again, Snape 
was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all 
thundering after him: He hurtled through a classroom 
door and, moments later, he heard McGonagall cry, 
Coward! COWARD ! 

Whats happened, whats happened? asked Luna. 

Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along 
the corridor, trailing the Invisibility Cloak behind 
them, into the deserted classroom where Professors 
McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were standing at a 
smashed window. 

He jumped, said Professor McGonagall as Harry and 
Luna ran into the room. 

  676 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You mean hes dead? Harry sprinted to the window, 
ignoring Flitwicks and Sprouts yells of shock at his 
sudden appearance. 

No, hes not dead, said McGonagall bitterly. Unlike 
Dumbledore, he was still carrying a wand ... and he 
seems to have learned a few tricks from his master. 

With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a 
huge, batlike shape flying through the darkness 
toward the perimeter wall. 

There were heavy footfalls behind them, and a great 
deal of puffing: Slughorn had just caught up. 

Harry! he panted, massaging his immense chest 
beneath his emeraldgreen silk pajamas. My dear 
boy ... what a surprise ... Minerva, do please explain. 
... Severus ... what ... ? 

Our headmaster is taking a short break, said 
Professor McGonagall, pointing at the Snapeshaped 
hole in the window. 

Professor! Harry shouted, his hands at his forehead. 
He could see the Inferifilled lake sliding beneath him, 
and he felt the ghostly green boat bump into the 
underground shore, and Voldemort leapt from it with 
murder in his heart  

Professor, weve got to barricade the school, hes 
coming now! 

Very well. HeWhoMustNotBeNamed is coming, 
she told the other teachers. Sprout and Flitwick 
gasped; Slughorn let out a low groan. Potter has 
work to do in the castle on Dumbledores orders. We 
need to put in place every protection of which we are 
capable while Potter does what he needs to do. 

  677 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You realize, of course, that nothing we do will be able 
to keep out YouKnowWho indefinitely? squeaked 
Flitwick. 

But we can hold him up, said Professor Sprout. 

Thank you, Pomona, said Professor McGonagall, 
and between the two witches there passed a look of 
grim understanding. I suggest we establish basic 
protection around the place, then gather our students 
and meet in the Great Hall. Most must be evacuated, 
though if any of those who are over age wish to stay 
and fight, I think they ought to be given the chance. 

Agreed, said Professor Sprout, already hurrying 
toward the door. I shall meet you in the Great Hall in 
twenty minutes with my House. 

And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear her 
muttering, Tentacula. Devils Snare. And Snargaluff 
pods ... yes, Id like to see the Death Eaters fighting 
those. 

I can act from here, said Flitwick, and although he 
could barely see out of it, he pointed his wand 
through the smashed window and started muttering 
incantations of great complexity. Harry heard a weird 
rushing noise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the 
power of the wind into the grounds. 

Professor, Harry said, approaching the little Charms 
master, Professor, Im sorry to interrupt, but this is 
important. Have you got any idea where the diadem of 
Ravenclaw is? 

  Protego Horribilis  the diadem of Ravenclaw? 
squeaked Flitwick. A little extra wisdom never goes 
amiss, Potter, but I hardly think it would be much 
use in this situation! 

  678 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I only meant  do you know where it is? Have you 
ever seen it? 

Seen it? Nobody has seen it in living memory! Long 
since lost, boy! 

Harry felt a mixture of desperate disappointment and 
panic. What, then, was the Horcrux? 

We shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great 
Hall, Filius! said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to 
Harry and Luna to follow her. 

They had just reached the door when Slughorn 
rumbled into speech. 

My word, he puffed, pale and sweaty, his walrus 
mustache aquiver. What a todo! Im not at all sure 
whether this is wise, Minerva. He is bound to find a 
way in, you know, and anyone who has tried to delay 
him will be in most grievous peril   

I shall expect you and the Slytherins in the Great 
Hall in twenty minutes, also, said Professor 
McGonagall. If you wish to leave with your students, 
we shall not stop you. But if any of you attempt to 
sabotage our resistance or take up arms against us 
within this castle, then, Horace, we duel to kill. 

Minerva! he said, aghast. 

The time has come for Slytherin House to decide 
upon its loyalties, interrupted Professor McGonagall. 
Go and wake your students, Horace. 

Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter: He and 
Luna ran after Professor McGonagall, who had taken 
up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised 
her wand. 

  679 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Piertotum  oh, for heavens sake, Filch, not now   



The aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, 
shouting, Students out of bed! Students in the 
corridors! 

Theyre supposed to be, you blithering idiot! shouted 
McGonagall. Now go and do something constructive! 
Find Peeves! 

PPeeves? stammered Filch as though he had never 
heard the name before. 

Yes, Peeves, you fool, Peevesl Havent you been 
complaining about him for a quarter of a century? Go 
and fetch him, at once! 

Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagall had 
taken leave of her senses, but hobbled away, hunch 
shouldered, muttering under his breath. 

And now  Piertotum Locomotori cried Professor 
McGonagall. 

And all along the corridor the statues and suits of 
armor jumped down from their plinths, and from the 
echoing crashes from the floors above and below, 
Harry knew that their fellows throughout the castle 
had done the same. 

Hogwarts is threatened! shouted Professor 
McGonagall. Man the boundaries, protect us, do 
your duty to our school! 

Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving statues 
stampeded past Harry: some of them smaller, others 
larger, than life. There were animals too, and the 
clanking suits of armor brandished swords and 
spiked balls on chains. 

  680 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Now, Potter, said McGonagall, you and Miss 
Lovegood had better return to your friends and bring 
them to the Great Hall  I shall rouse the other 
Gryffindors. 

They parted at the top of the next staircase, Harry 
and Luna running back toward the concealed 
entrance to the Room of Requirement. As they ran, 
they met crowds of students, most wearing traveling 
cloaks over their pajamas, being shepherded down to 
the Great Hall by teachers and prefects. 

That was Potter! 

 Harry Potted 

It was him, I swear, I just saw him! 

But Harry did not look back, and at last they reached 
the entrance to the Room of Requirement. Harry 
leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to 
admit them, and he and Luna sped back down the 
steep staircase. 

Wh  ? 

As the room came into view, Harry slipped down a few 
stairs in shock. It was packed, far more crowded than 
when he had last been in there. Kingsley and Lupin 
were looking up at him, as were Oliver Wood, Katie 
Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and 
Fleur, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. 

Harry, whats happening? said Lupin, meeting him 
at the foot of the stairs. 

Voldemorts on his way, theyre barricading the 
school  Snapes run for it  What are you doing 
here? How did you know? 

  681 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We sent messages to the rest of Dumbledores Army, 
Fred explained. You couldnt expect everyone to miss 
the fun, Harry, and the D.A. let the Order of the 
Phoenix know, and it all kind of snowballed. 

What first, Harry? called George. Whats going on? 

Theyre evacuating the younger kids and everyones 
meeting in the Great Hall to get organized, Harry 
said. Were fighting. 

There was a great roar and a surge toward the foot of 
the stairs; he was pressed back against the wall as 
they ran past him, the mingled members of the Order 
of the Phoenix, Dumbledores Army, and Harrys old 
Quidditch team, all with their wands drawn, heading 
up into the main castle. 

Come on, Luna, Dean called as he passed, holding 
out his free hand; she took it and followed him back 
up the stairs. 

The crowd was thinning: Only a little knot of people 
remained below in the Room of Requirement, and 
Harry joined them. Mrs. Weasley was struggling with 
Ginny. Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill, 
and Fleur. 

Youre underage! Mrs. Weasley shouted at her 
daughter as Harry approached. I wont permit it! The 
boys, yes, but you, youve got to go home! 

I wont! 

Ginnys hair flew as she pulled her arm out of her 
mothers grip. 

Im in Dumbledores Army   



  682 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




A teenagers gang! 



A teenagers gang thats about to take him on, which 
no one else has dared to do! said Fred. 

Shes sixteen! shouted Mrs. Weasley. Shes not old 
enough! What you two were thinking, bringing her 
with you   

Fred and George looked slightly ashamed of 
themselves. 

Mums right, Ginny, said Bill gently. You cant do 
this. Everyone underage will have to leave, its only 
right. 

I cant go home! Ginny shouted, angry tears 
sparkling in her eyes. My whole familys here, I cant 
stand waiting there alone and not knowing and   

Her eyes met Harrys for the first time. She looked at 
him beseechingly, but he shook his head and she 
turned away bitterly. 

Fine, she said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel 
back to the Hogs Head. Ill say goodbye now, then, 
and 

There was a scuffling and a great thump: Someone 
else had clambered out of the tunnel, overbalanced 
slightly, and fallen. He pulled himself up on the 
nearest chair, looked around through lopsided horn 
rimmed glasses, and said, Am I too late? Has it 
started? I only just found out, so I  I   

Percy spluttered into silence. Evidently he had not 
expected to run into most of his family. There was a 
long moment of astonishment, broken by Fleur 
turning to Lupin and saying, in a wildly transparent 

  683 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




attempt to break the tension, So  ow eez leetle 
Teddy? 

Lupin blinked at her, startled. The silence between 
the Weasleys seemed to be solidifying, like ice. 

I  oh yes  hes fine! Lupin said loudly. Yes, 
Tonks is with him  at her mothers   

Percy and the other Weasleys were still staring at one 
another, frozen. 

Here, Ive got a picture! Lupin shouted, pulling a 
photograph from inside his jacket and showing it to 
Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of 
bright turquoise hair, waving fat fists at the camera. 

I was a fool! Percy roared, so loudly that Lupin 
nearly dropped his photograph. I was an idiot, I was 
a pompous prat, I was a  a   

Ministryloving, familydisowning, powerhungry 
moron, said Fred. 

Percy swallowed. 

Yes, I was! 

Well, you cant say fairer than that, said Fred, 
holding out his hand to Percy. 

Mrs. Weasley burst into tears. She ran forward, 
pushed Fred aside, and pulled Percy into a strangling 
hug, while he patted her on the back, his eyes on his 
father. 

Im sorry, Dad, Percy said. 



  684 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Mr. Weasley blinked rather rapidly, then he too 
hurried to hug his son. 

What made you see sense, Perce? inquired George. 

Its been coming on for a while, said Percy, mopping 
his eyes under his glasses with a corner of his 
traveling cloak. But I had to find a way out and its 
not so easy at the Ministry, theyre imprisoning 
traitors all the time. I managed to make contact with 
Aberforth and he tipped me off ten minutes ago that 
Hogwarts was going to make a fight of it, so here I 
am. 



Well, we do look to our prefects to take a lead at 
times such as these, said George in a good imitation 
of Percys most pompous manner. Now lets get 
upstairs and fight, or all the good Death Eatersll be 
taken. 

So, youre my sisterinlaw now? said Percy, shaking 
hands with Fleur as they hurried off toward the 
staircase with Bill, Fred, and George. 

Ginny! barked Mrs. Weasley. 

Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the 
reconciliation, to sneak upstairs too. 

Molly, how about this, said Lupin. Why doesnt 
Ginny stay here, then at least shell be on the scene 
and know whats going on, but she wont be in the 
middle of the fighting? 



Thats a good idea, said Mr. Weasley firmly. Ginny, 
you stay in this room, you hear me? 



  685 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under 
her fathers unusually stern gaze, she nodded. Mr. 
and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin headed off for the stairs 
as well. 

Wheres Ron? asked Harry. Wheres Hermione? 

They must have gone up to the Great Hall already, 
Mr. Weasley called over his shoulder. 

I didnt see them pass me, said Harry. 

They said something about a bathroom, said Ginny, 
not long after you left. 

A bathroom? 

Harry strode across the room to an open door leading 
off the Room of Requirement and checked the 
bathroom beyond. It was empty. 

Youre sure they said bath  ? 

But then his scar seared and the Room of 
Requirement vanished: He was looking through the 
high wroughtiron gates with winged boars on pillars 
at either side, looking through the dark grounds 
toward the castle, which was ablaze with lights. 
Nagini lay draped over his shoulders. He was 
possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose that 
preceded murder. 



  686 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE BATTLE OF HOGWARTS 

The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and 
scattered with stars, and below it the four long House 
tables were lined with disheveled students, some in 
traveling cloaks, others in dressing gowns. Here and 
there shone the pearly white figures of the school 
ghosts. Every eye, living and dead, was fixed upon 
Professor McGonagall, who was speaking from the 
raised platform at the top of the Hall. Behind her 
stood the remaining teachers, including the palomino 
centaur, Firenze, and the members of the Order of the 
Phoenix who had arrived to fight. 

"... evacuation will be overseen by Mr. Filch and 
Madam Pomfrey. Prefects, when I give the word, you 
will organize your House and take your charges, in an 
orderly fashion, to the evacuation point. 

Many of the students looked petrified. However, as 
Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table 
for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at 
the Hufflepuff table and shouted, And what if we 
want to stay and fight? 

  687 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



There was a smattering of applause. 

If you are of age, you may stay, said Professor 
McGonagall. 

What about our things? called a girl at the 
Ravenclaw table. Our trunks, our owls? 

We have no time to collect possessions, said 
Professor McGonagall. The important thing is to get 
you out of here safely. 

Wheres Professor Snape? shouted a girl from the 
Slytherin table. 

He has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk, 
replied Professor McGonagall, and a great cheer 
erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and 
Ravenclaws. 

Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor 
table, still looking for Ron and Hermione. As he 
passed, faces turned in his direction, and a great deal 
of whispering broke out in his wake. 

We have already placed protection around the 
castle, Professor McGonagall was saying, but it is 
unlikely to hold for very long unless we reinforce it. I 
must ask you, therefore, to move quickly and calmly, 
and do as your prefects   

But her final words were drowned as a different voice 
echoed throughout the Hall. It was high, cold, and 
clear: There was no telling from where it came; it 
seemed to issue from the walls themselves. Like the 
monster it had once commanded, it might have lain 
dormant there for centuries. 



  688 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I know that you are preparing to fight. There were 
screams amongst the students, some of whom 
clutched each other, looking around in terror for the 
source of the sound. Your efforts are futile. You 
cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great 
respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to 
spill magical blood. 

There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence 
that presses against the eardrums, that seems too 
huge to be contained by walls. 

Give me Harry Potter, said Voldemorts voice, and 
none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter, and I 
shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry 
Potter, and you will be rewarded. 

You have until midnight. 

The silence swallowed them all again. Every head 
turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found 
Harry, to hold him frozen in the glare of thousands of 
invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin 
table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as she 
raised a shaking arm and screamed, But hes there! 
Potters there\ Someone grab him! 

Before Harry could speak, there was a massive 
movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen 
and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then 
the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same 
moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs 
to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, 
and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands 
emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and 
from under sleeves. 

Thank you, Miss Parkinson, said Professor 
McGonagall in a clipped voice. You will leave the Hall 

  689 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could 
follow. 

Harry heard the grinding of benches and then the 
sound of the Slytherins trooping out on the other side 
of the Hall. 

Ravenclaws, follow on! cried Professor McGonagall. 

Slowly the four tables emptied. The Slytherin table 
was completely deserted, but a number of older 
Ravenclaws remained seated while their fellows filed 
out; even more Hufflepuffs stayed behind, and half of 
Gryffindor remained in their seats, necessitating 
Professor McGonagalls descent from the teachers 
platform to chivvy the underage on their way. 

Absolutely not, Creevey, go! And you, Peakes! 

Harry hurried over to the Weasleys, all sitting 
together at the Gryffindor table. 

Where are Ron and Hermione? 

Havent you found  ? began Mr. Weasley, looking 
worried. 

But he broke off as Kingsley had stepped forward on 
the raised platform to address those who had 
remained behind. 

Weve only got half an hour until midnight, so we 
need to act fast! A battle plan has been agreed 
between the teachers of Hogwarts and the Order of 
the Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout, and 
McGonagall are going to take groups of fighters up to 
the three highest towers  Ravenclaw, Astronomy, 
and Gryffindor  where theyll have a good overview, 
excellent positions from which to work spells. 

  690 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Meanwhile Remus  he indicated Lupin  Arthur 
 he pointed toward Mr. Weasley, sitting at the 
Gryffindor table  and I will take groups into the 
grounds. Well need somebody to organize defense of 
the entrances of the passageways into the school   

Sounds like a job for us, called Fred, indicating 
himself and George, and Kingsley nodded his 
approval. 

All right, leaders up here and well divide up the 
troops! 

Potter, said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to 
him, as students flooded the platform, jostling for 
position, receiving instructions,  Arent you supposed 
to be looking for something? 

What? Oh, said Harry, oh yeah! 

He had almost forgotten about the Horcrux, almost 
forgotten that the battle was being fought so that he 
could search for it: The inexplicable absence of Ron 
and Hermione had momentarily driven every other 
thought from his mind. 

Then go, Potter, go! 

Right  yeah   

He sensed eyes following him as he ran out of the 
Great Hall again, into the entrance hall still crowded 
with evacuating students. He allowed himself to be 
swept up the marble staircase with them, but at the 
top he hurried off along a deserted corridor. Fear and 
panic were clouding his thought processes. He tried 
to calm himself, to concentrate on finding the 
Horcrux, but his thoughts buzzed as frantically and 
fruitlessly as wasps trapped beneath a glass. Without 
  691 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ron and Hermione to help him he could not seem to 
marshal his ideas. He slowed down, coming to a halt 
halfway along an empty passage, where he sat down 
upon the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the 
Marauders Map out of the pouch around his neck. 

He could not see Rons or Hermiones names 
anywhere on it, though the density of the crowd of 
dots now making its way to the Room of Requirement 
might, he thought, be concealing them. He put the 
map away, pressed his hands over his face, and 
closed his eyes, trying to concentrate. ... 

Voldemort thought Id go to Ravenclaw Tower. 

There it was: a solid fact, the place to start. Voldemort 
had stationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw 
common room, and there could only be one 
explanation: Voldemort feared that Harry already 
knew his Horcrux was connected to that House. 

But the only object anyone seemed to associate with 
Ravenclaw was the lost diadem . . . and how could the 
Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that 
Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that 
had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? Who could 
have told him where to look, when nobody had seen 
the diadem in living memory? 

In living memory ... 

Beneath his fingers, Harrys eyes flew open again. He 
leapt up from the plinth and tore back the way he had 
come, now in pursuit of his one last hope. The sound 
of hundreds of people marching toward the Room of 
Requirement grew louder and louder as he returned 
to the marble stairs. Prefects were shouting 
instructions, trying to keep track of the students in 
their own Houses; there was much pushing and 
shoving; Harry saw Zacharias Smith bowling over 
  692 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




firstyears to get to the front of the queue; here and 
there younger students were in tears, while older ones 
called desperately for friends or siblings. ... 

Harry caught sight of a pearly white figure drifting 
across the entrance hall below and yelled as loudly as 
he could over the clamor. 

Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you! 

He forced his way back through the tide of students, 
finally reaching the bottom of the stairs, where Nearly 
Headless Nick, ghost of Gryffindor Tower, stood 
waiting for him. 

Harry! My dear boy! 

Nick made to grasp Harrys hands with both of his 
own: Harrys felt as though they had been thrust into 
icy water. 

Nick, youve got to help me. Whos the ghost of 
Ravenclaw Tower? 

Nearly Headless Nick looked surprised and a little 
offended. 

The Gray Lady, of course; but if it is ghostly services 
you require  ? 

Its got to be her  dyou know where she is? 

Lets see. ... 

Nicks head wobbled a little on his ruff as he turned 
hither and thither, peering over the heads of the 
swarming students. 



  693 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Thats her over there, Harry, the young woman with 
the long hair. 

Harry looked in the direction of Nicks transparent, 
pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight 
of Harry looking at her, raised her eyebrows, and 
drifted away through a solid wall. 

Harry ran after her. Once through the door of the 
corridor into which she had disappeared, he saw her 
at the very end of the passage, still gliding smoothly 
away from him. 

Hey  wait  come back! 

She consented to pause, floating a few inches from 
the ground. Harry supposed that she was beautiful, 
with her waistlength hair and floorlength cloak, but 
she also looked haughty and proud. Close to, he 
recognized her as a ghost he had passed several times 
in the corridor, but to whom he had never spoken. 

Youre the Gray Lady? 

She nodded but did not speak. 

The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower? 

That is correct. 

Her tone was not encouraging. 

Please: I need some help. I need to know anything 
you can tell me about the lost diadem. 

A cold smile curved her lips. 

I am afraid, she said, turning to leave, that I cannot 
help you. 

  694 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




WAIT! 



He had not meant to shout, but anger and panic were 
threatening to overwhelm him. He glanced at his 
watch as she hovered in front of him: It was a quarter 
to midnight. 

This is urgent, he said fiercely. If that diadems at 
Hogwarts, Ive got to find it, fast. 

You are hardly the first student to covet the diadem, 
she said disdainfully. Generations of students have 
badgered me   

This isnt about trying to get better marks! Harry 
shouted at her. Its about Voldemort  defeating 
Voldemort  or arent you interested in that? 

She could not blush, but her transparent cheeks 
became more opaque, and her voice was heated as 
she replied, Of course I  how dare you suggest  ? 

Well, help me, then! 

Her composure was slipping. 

It  it is not a question of   she stammered. My 
mothers diadem   

Your mothers? 

She looked angry with herself. 

When I lived, she said stiffly, I was Helena 
Ravenclaw. 

Youre her daughter? But then, you must know what 
happened to it! 



  695 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




While the diadem bestows wisdom, she said with an 
obvious effort to pull herself together, I doubt that it 
would greatly increase your chances of defeating the 
wizard who calls himself Lord   

Havent I just told you, Im not interested in wearing 
it! Harry said fiercely. Theres no time to explain  
but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see 
Voldemort finished, youve got to tell me anything you 
know about the diadem! 

She remained quite still, floating in midair, staring 
down at him, and a sense of hopelessness engulfed 
Harry. Of course, if she had known anything, she 
would have told Flitwick or Dumbledore, who had 
surely asked her the same question. He had shaken 
his head and made to turn away when she spoke in a 
low voice. 

I stole the diadem from my mother. 

You  you did what? 

 I stole the diadem, repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a 
whisper. I sought to make myself cleverer, more 
important than my mother. I ran away with it. 

He did not know how he had managed to gain her 
confidence, and did not ask; he simply listened, hard, 
as she went on: 

My mother, they say, never admitted that the diadem 
was gone, but pretended that she had it still. She 
concealed her loss, my dreadful betrayal, even from 
the other founders of Hogwarts. 

Then my mother fell ill  fatally ill. In spite of my 
perfidy, she was desperate to see me one more time. 
She sent a man who had long loved me, though I 

  696 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




spurned his advances, to find me. She knew that he 
would not rest until he had done so. 



Harry waited. She drew a deep breath and threw back 
her head. 

He tracked me to the forest where I was hiding. 

When I refused to return with him, he became violent. 
The Baron was always a hottempered man. Furious 
at my refusal, jealous of my freedom, he stabbed me. 

The Baron? You mean  ? 

The Bloody Baron, yes, said the Gray Lady, and she 
lifted aside the cloak she wore to reveal a single dark 
wound in her white chest. When he saw what he had 
done, he was overcome with remorse. He took the 
weapon that had claimed my life, and used it to kill 
himself. All these centuries later, he wears his chains 
as an act of penitence ... as he should, she added 
bitterly. 

And . . . and the diadem? 

It remained where I had hidden it when I heard the 
Baron blundering through the forest toward me. 
Concealed inside a hollow tree. 

A hollow tree? repeated Harry. What tree? Where 
was this? 

A forest in Albania. A lonely place I thought was far 
beyond my mothers reach. 

Albania, repeated Harry. Sense was emerging 
miraculously from confusion, and now he understood 
why she was telling him what she had denied 
Dumbledore and Flitwick. Youve already told 
someone this story, havent you? Another student? 
  697 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She closed her eyes and nodded. 



I had ... no idea. . . . He was . . . flattering. He seemed 
to ... to understand ... to sympathize. ... 

Yes, Harry thought, Tom Riddle would certainly have 
understood Helena Ravenclaws desire to possess 
fabulous objects to which she had little right. 

Well, you werent the first person Riddle wormed 
things out of, Harry muttered. He could be 
charming when he wanted. ... 

So Voldemort had managed to wheedle the location of 
the lost diadem out of the Gray Lady. He had traveled 
to that farflung forest and retrieved the diadem from 
its hiding place, perhaps as soon as he left Hogwarts, 
before he even started work at Borgin and Burkes. 

And wouldnt those secluded Albanian woods have 
seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, 
Voldemort had needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, 
for ten long years? 

But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, 
had not been left in that lowly tree. ... No, the diadem 
had been returned secretly to its true home, and 
Voldemort must have put it there  

  the night he asked for a job! said Harry, finishing 
his thought. 

I beg your pardon? 

He hid the diadem in the castle, the night he asked 
Dumbledore to let him teach! said Harry. Saying it 
out loud enabled him to make sense of it all. He 
mustve hidden the diadem on his way up to, or down 
from, Dumbledore s office! But it was still worth trying 
  698 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




to get the job  then he mightve got the chance to 
nick Gryffindors sword as well  thank you, thanks! 



Harry left her floating there, looking utterly 
bewildered. As he rounded the corner back into the 
entrance hall, he checked his watch. It was five 
minutes until midnight, and though he now knew 
what the last Horcrux was, he was no closer to 
discovering where it was. ... 

Generations of students had failed to find the diadem; 
that suggested that it was not in Ravenclaw Tower  
but if not there, where? What hiding place had Tom 
Riddle discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that he 
believed would remain secret forever? 

Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, 
but he had taken only a few steps down the new 
corridor when the window to his left broke open with 
a deafening, shattering crash. As he leapt aside, a 
gigantic body flew in through the window and hit the 
opposite wall. Something large and furry detached 
itself, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung 
itself at Harry. 

Hagrid! Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the 
boarhounds attentions as the enormous bearded 
figure clambered to his feet. What the  ? 

Harry, yer here! Yer here\ 

Hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon Harry a cursory 
and ribcracking hug, then ran back to the shattered 
window. 

Good boy, Grawpy! he bellowed through the hole in 
the window. Ill see yer in a moment, theres a good 
lad! 

  699 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry saw 
bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, 
keening scream. He looked down at his watch: It was 
midnight. The battle had begun. 

Blimey, Harry, panted Hagrid, this is it, eh? Time 
ter fight? 

Hagrid, where have you come from? 

Heard YouKnowWho from up in our cave, said 
Hagrid grimly. Voice carried, didn it? Yeh got till 
midnight ter gimme Potter. Knew yeh mus be here, 
knew what mus be happenin. Get down, Fang. So we 
come ter join in, me an Grawpy an Fang. Smashed 
our way through the boundary by the forest, Grawpy 
was carryin us, Fang an me. Told him ter let me 
down at the castle, so he shoved me through the 
window, bless him. Not exacly what I meant, bu  
wheres Ron an Hermione? 

That, said Harry, is a really good question. Come 
on. 

They hurried together along the corridor, Fang 
lolloping beside them. Harry could hear movement 
through the corridors all around: running footsteps, 
shouts; through the windows, he could see more 
flashes of light in the dark grounds. 

Wherere we goin? puffed Hagrid, pounding along at 
Harrys heels, making the floorboards quake. 

I dunno exactly, said Harry, making another 
random turn, but Ron and Hermione must be 
around here somewhere. ... 

The first casualties of the battle were already strewn 
across the passage ahead: The two stone gargoyles 

  700 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that usually guarded the entrance to the staffroom 
had been smashed apart by a jinx that had sailed 
through another broken window. Their remains 
stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one 
of their disembodied heads, it moaned faintly, Oh, 
dont mind me ... Ill just lie here and crumble. ... 

Its ugly stone face made Harry think suddenly of the 
marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophiliuss 
house, wearing that mad headdress  and then of 
the statue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the stone diadem 
upon her white curls. ... 

And as he reached the end of the passage, the 
memory of a third stone effigy came back to him: that 
of an ugly old warlock, onto whose head Harry 
himself had placed a wig and a battered old tiara. The 
shock shot through Harry with the heat of firewhisky, 
and he nearly stumbled. 

He knew, at last, where the Horcrux sat waiting for 
him. ... 

Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated 
alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume 
that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepest 
mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore 
and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in 
that particular place, but he, Harry, had strayed off 
the beaten track in his time at school  here at last 
was a secret he and Voldemort knew, that 
Dumbledore had never discovered  

He was roused by Professor Sprout, who was 
thundering past followed by Neville and half a dozen 
others, all of them wearing earmuffs and carrying 
what appeared to be large potted plants. 



  701 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Mandrakes! Neville bellowed at Harry over his 
shoulder as he ran. Going to lob them over the walls 
 they wont like this! 

Harry knew now where to go: He sped off, with Hagrid 
and Fang galloping behind him. They passed portrait 
after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside 
them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in 
armor and cloaks, cramming themselves into each 
others canvases, screaming news from other parts of 
the castle. As they reached the end of this corridor, 
the whole castle shook, and Harry knew, as a gigantic 
vase blew off its plinth with explosive force, that it 
was in the grip of enchantments more sinister than 
those of the teachers and the Order. 

Its all righ, Fang  its all righ! yelled Hagrid, but 
the great boarhound had taken flight as slivers of 
china flew like shrapnel through the air, and Hagrid 
pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry 
alone. 

He forged on through the trembling passages, his 
wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor 
the little painted knight, Sir Cadogan, rushed from 
painting to painting beside him, clanking along in his 
armor, screaming encouragement, his fat little pony 
cantering behind him. 

Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive 
them out, Harry Potter, see them off! 

Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a 
small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and 
Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty 
plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret 
passageway. Their wands were drawn and they were 
listening at the concealed hole. 



  702 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Nice night for it! Fred shouted as the castle quaked 
again, and Harry sprinted by, elated and terrified in 
equal measure. Along yet another corridor he dashed, 
and then there were owls everywhere, and Mrs. Norris 
was hissing and trying to bat them with her paws, no 
doubt to return them to their proper place. ... 

Potter! 

Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor 
ahead, his wand held ready. 

Ive had hundreds of kids thundering through my 
pub, Potter! 

I know, were evacuating, Harry said, Voldemorts 



  attacking because they havent handed you over, 
yeah, said Aberforth, Im not deaf, the whole of 
Hogsmeade heard him. And it never occurred to any 
of you to keep a few Slytherins hostage? There are 
kids of Death Eaters youve just sent to safety. 
Wouldnt it have been a bit smarter to keep em here? 

It wouldnt stop Voldemort, said Harry, and your 
brother would never have done it. 

Aberforth grunted and tore away in the opposite 
direction. 

Your brother would never have done it. ... Well, it was 
the truth, Harry thought as he ran on again; 
Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, 
would never have held students ransom. ... 

And then he skidded around a final corner and with a 
yell of mingled relief and fury he saw them: Ron and 
Hermione, both with their arms full of large, curved, 

  703 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




dirty yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under his 
arm. 

Where the hell have you been? Harry shouted. 

Chamber of Secrets, said Ron. 

Chamber  what? said Harry, coming to an 
unsteady halt before them. 

It was Ron, all Rons idea! said Hermione 
breathlessly. Wasnt it absolutely brilliant? There we 
were, after you left, and I said to Ron, even if we find 
the other one, how are we going to get rid of it? We 
still hadnt got rid of the cup! And then he thought of 
it! The basilisk! 

What the  ? 

Something to get rid of Horcruxes, said Ron simply. 

Harrys eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron 
and Hermiones arms: great curved fangs, torn, he 
now realized, from the skull of a dead basilisk. 

But how did you get in there? he asked, staring 
from the fangs to Ron. You need to speak 
Parseltongue! 

He did! whispered Hermione. Show him, Ron! 

Ron made a horrible strangled hissing noise. 

Its what you did to open the locket, he told Harry 
apologetically. I had to have a few goes to get it right, 
but, he shrugged modestly, we got there in the end. 

He was amazing. said Hermione. Amazing! 



  704 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




So ... Harry was struggling to keep up. So ... 



So were another Horcrux down, said Ron, and from 
under his jacket he pulled the mangled remains of 
Hufflepuffs cup. Hermione stabbed it. Thought she 
should. She hasnt had the pleasure yet. 

Genius! yelled Harry. 

It was nothing, said Ron, though he looked 
delighted with himself. So whats new with you? 

As he said it, there was an explosion from overhead: 
All three of them looked up as dust fell from the 
ceiling and they heard a distant scream. 

I know what the diadem looks like, and I know where 
it is, said Harry, talking fast. He hid it exactly where 
I hid my old Potions book, where everyones been 
hiding stuff for centuries. He thought he was the only 
one to find it. Come on. 

As the walls trembled again, he led the other two back 
through the concealed entrance and down the 
staircase into the Room of Requirement. It was empty 
except for three women: Ginny, Tonks, and an elderly 
witch wearing a motheaten hat, whom Harry 
recognized immediately as Nevilles grandmother. 

Ah, Potter, she said crisply as if she had been 
waiting for him. You can tell us whats going on. 

Is everyone okay? said Ginny and Tonks together. 

 S far as we know, said Harry. Are there still people 
in the passage to the Hogs Head? 

He knew that the room would not be able to 
transform while there were still users inside it. 

  705 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I was the last to come through, said Mrs. 
Longbottom. I sealed it, I think it unwise to leave it 
open now Aberforth has left his pub. Have you seen 
my grandson? 

Hes fighting, said Harry. 

Naturally, said the old lady proudly. Excuse me, I 
must go and assist him. 

With surprising speed she trotted off toward the stone 
steps. 

Harry looked at Tonks. 

I thought you were supposed to be with Teddy at 
your mothers? 

I couldnt stand not knowing   Tonks looked 
anguished. Shell look after him  have you seen 
Remus? 

He was planning to lead a group of fighters into the 
grounds   

Without another word, Tonks sped off. 

Ginny, said Harry, Im sorry, but we need you to 
leave too. Just for a bit. Then you can come back in. 

Ginny looked simply delighted to leave her sanctuary. 

And then you can come back in! he shouted after 
her as she ran up the steps after Tonks.  Youve got to 
come back ini 

Hang on a moment! said Ron sharply. Weve 
forgotten someone! 



  706 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Who? asked Hermione. 



The houseelves, theyll all be down in the kitchen, 
wont they? 

You mean we ought to get them fighting? asked 
Harry. 

No, said Ron seriously, I mean we should tell them 
to get out. We dont want any more Dobbies, do we? 
We cant order them to die for us   

There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out 
of Hermione s arms. Running at Ron, she flung them 
around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. 
Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was 
holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he 
lifted Hermione off her feet. 

Is this the moment? Harry asked weakly, and when 
nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione 
gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on 
the spot, he raised his voice. 01! Theres a war going 
on here! 

Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still 
around each other. 

I know, mate, said Ron, who looked as though he 
had recently been hit on the back of the head with a 
Bludger, so its now or never, isnt it? 

Never mind that, what about the Horcrux? Harry 
shouted. Dyou think you could just  just hold it in 
until weve got the diadem? 

Yeah  right  sorry   said Ron, and he and 
Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in 
the face. 

  707 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It was clear, as the three of them stepped back into 
the corridor upstairs, that in the minutes that they 
had spent in the Room of Requirement the situation 
within the castle had deteriorated severely: The walls 
and ceiling were shaking worse than ever; dust filled 
the air, and through the nearest window, Harry saw 
bursts of green and red light so close to the foot of the 
castle that he knew the Death Eaters must be very 
near to entering the place. Looking down, Harry saw 
Grawp the giant meandering past, swinging what 
looked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and 
roaring his displeasure. 

Lets hope he steps on some of them! said Ron as 
more screams echoed from close by. 

As long as its not any of our lot! said a voice: Harry 
turned and saw Ginny and Tonks, both with their 
wands drawn at the next window, which was missing 
several panes. Even as he watched, Ginny sent a well 
aimed jinx into a crowd of fighters below. 

Good girl! roared a figure running through the dust 
toward them, and Harry saw Aberforth again, his gray 
hair flying as he led a small group of students past. 
They look like they might be breaching the north 
battlements, theyve brought giants of their own! 

Have you seen Remus? Tonks called after him. 

He was dueling Dolohov, shouted Aberforth, 

havent seen him since! 

Tonks, said Ginny, Tonks, Im sure hes okay   
But Tonks had run off into the dust after Aberforth. 
Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 



  708 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Theyll be all right, said Harry, though he knew they 
were empty words. Ginny, well be back in a moment, 
just keep out of the way, keep safe  come on! he 
said to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the 
stretch of wall beyond which the Room of 
Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next 
entrant. 

I need the place where everything is hidden, Harry 
begged of it inside his head, and the door materialized 
on their third run past. 

The furor of the battle died the moment they crossed 
the threshold and closed the door behind them: All 
was silent. They were in a place the size of a cathedral 
with the appearance of a city, its towering walls built 
of objects hidden by thousands of longgone students. 

And he never realized anyone could get in? said 
Ron, his voice echoing in the silence. 

He thought he was the only one, said Harry. Too 
bad for him Ive had to hide stuff in my time ... this 
way, he added, I think its down here. ... 

He passed the stuffed troll and the Vanishing Cabinet 
Draco Malfoy had mended last year with such 
disastrous consequences, then hesitated, looking up 
and down aisles of junk; he could not remember 
where to go next. ... 

 Accio Diadem). cried Hermione in desperation, but 
nothing flew through the air toward them. It seemed 
that, like the vault at Gringotts, the room would not 
yield its hidden objects that easily. 

Lets split up, Harry told the other two. Look for a 
stone bust of an old man wearing a wig and a tiara! 



  709 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Its standing on a cupboard and its definitely 
somewhere near here. ... 



They sped off up adjacent aisles; Harry could hear the 
others footsteps echoing through the towering piles of 
junk, of bottles, hats, crates, chairs, books, weapons, 
broomsticks, bats. ... 

Somewhere near here, Harry muttered to himself. 
Somewhere ... somewhere ... 

Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth he went, looking 
for objects he recognized from his one previous trip 
into the room. His breath was loud in his ears, and 
then his very soul seemed to shiver: There it was, 
right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which he 
had hidden his old Potions book, and on top of it, the 
pockmarked stone warlock wearing a dusty old wig 
and what looked like an ancient, discolored tiara. 

He had already stretched out his hand, though he 
remained ten feet away, when a voice behind him 
said, Hold it, Potter. 

He skidded to a halt and turned around. Crabbe and 
Goyle were standing behind him, shoulder to 
shoulder, wands pointing right at Harry. Through the 
small space between their leering faces he saw Draco 
Malfoy. 

Thats my wand youre holding, Potter, said Malfoy, 
pointing his own through the gap between Crabbe 
and Goyle. 

Not anymore, panted Harry, tightening his grip on 
the hawthorn wand. Winners, keepers, Malfoy. Whos 
lent you theirs? 

My mother, said Draco. 

  710 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry laughed, though there was nothing very 
humorous about the situation. He could not hear Ron 
or Hermione anymore. They seemed to have run out 
of earshot, searching for the diadem. 

So how come you three arent with Voldemort? 
asked Harry. 

Were gonna be rewarded, said Crabbe: His voice 
was surprisingly soft for such an enormous person; 
Harry had hardly ever heard him speak before. 

Crabbe was smiling like a small child promised a 
large bag of sweets. We ung back, Potter. We decided 
not to go. Decided to bring you to im. 

Good plan, said Harry in mock admiration. He could 
not believe that he was this close, and was going to be 
thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. He began 
edging slowly backward toward the place where the 
Horcrux sat lopsided upon the bust. If he could just 
get his hands on it before the fight broke out . . . 

So how did you get in here? he asked, trying to 
distract them. 

I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last 
year, said Malfoy, his voice brittle. I know how to get 
in. 



We was hiding in the corridor outside, grunted 
Goyle. We can do Disslusion Charms now! And 
then, his face split into a gormless grin, you turned 
up right in front of us and said you was looking for a 
diedum! Whats a diedum? 

Harry? Rons voice echoed suddenly from the other 
side of the wall to Harrys right. Are you talking to 
someone? 



  711 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




With a whiplike movement, Crabbe pointed his wand 
at the fiftyfoot mountain of old furniture, of broken 
trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable 
junk, and shouted, DescendoV 

The wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled 
into the aisle next door where Ron stood. 

Ron! Harry bellowed, as somewhere out of sight 
Hermione screamed, and Harry heard innumerable 
objects crashing to the floor on the other side of the 
destabilized wall: He pointed his wand at the rampart, 
cried, Finite! and it steadied. 

No! shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbes arm as the 
latter made to repeat his spell. If you wreck the room 
you might bury this diadem thing! 

Whats that matter? said Crabbe, tugging himself 
free. Its Potter the Dark Lord wants, who cares 
about a diedum? 

Potter came in here to get it, said Malfoy with ill 
disguised impatience at the slowwittedness of his 
colleagues, so that must mean   

 Must mean? Crabbe turned on Malfoy with 
undisguised ferocity. Who cares what you think? I 
dont take your orders no more, Draco. You an your 
dad are finished. 

Harry? shouted Ron again, from the other side of 
the junk wall. Whats going on? 

Harry? mimicked Crabbe. Whats going  no, 

Potter! Cruciol 

Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbes curse missed 
him but hit the stone bust, which flew into the air; 

  712 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the diadem soared upward and then dropped out of 
sight in the mass of objects on which the bust had 
rested. 

STOP! Malfoy shouted at Crabbe, his voice echoing 
through the enormous room. The Dark Lord wants 
him alive   

So? Im not killing him, am I? yelled Crabbe, 
throwing off Malfoys restraining arm. But if I can, I 
will, the Dark Lord wants him dead anyway, whats 
thediff ? 

A jet of scarlet light shot past Harry by inches: 
Hermione had run around the corner behind him and 
sent a Stunning Spell straight at Crabbe s head. It 
only missed because Malfoy pulled him out of the 
way. 

Its that Mudblood! Avada Kedavral 

Harry saw Hermione dive aside, and his fury that 
Crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all else from his mind. 
He shot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out 
of the way, knocking Malfoys wand out of his hand; it 
rolled out of sight beneath a mountain of broken 
furniture and boxes. 

Dont kill him! DONT KILL HIM! Malfoy yelled at 
Crabbe and Goyle, who were both aiming at Harry: 
Their split seconds hesitation was all Harry needed. 

 Expelliarmusl 

Goyle s wand flew out of his hand and disappeared 
into the bulwark of objects beside him; Goyle leapt 
foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieve it; Malfoy 
jumped out of range of Hermione s second Stunning 
Spell, and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of the 
  713 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




aisle, shot a full BodyBind Curse at Crabbe, which 
narrowly missed. 

Crabbe wheeled around and screamed, Avada 
KedavraY again. Ron leapt out of sight to avoid the jet 
of green light. The wandless Malfoy cowered behind a 
threelegged wardrobe as Hermione charged toward 
them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spell as she 
came. 

Its somewhere here! Harry yelled at her, pointing at 
the pile of junk into which the old tiara had fallen. 
Look for it while I go and help R   

HARRY! she screamed. 

A roaring, billowing noise behind him gave him a 
moments warning. He turned and saw both Ron and 
Crabbe running as hard as they could up the aisle 
toward them. 

Like it hot, scum? roared Crabbe as he ran. 

But he seemed to have no control over what he had 
done. Flames of abnormal size were pursuing them, 
licking up the sides of the junk bulwarks, which were 
crumbling to soot at their touch. 

Aguamenti\ Harry bawled, but the jet of water that 
soared from the tip of his wand evaporated in the air. 

RUN! 

Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him 
along; Crabbe outstripped all of them, now looking 
terrified; Harry, Ron, and Hermione pelted along in 
his wake, and the fire pursued them. It was not 
normal fire; Crabbe had used a curse of which Harry 
had no knowledge: As they turned a corner the flames 
  714 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




chased them as though they were alive, sentient, 
intent upon killing them. Now the fire was mutating, 
forming a gigantic pack of fiery beasts: Flaming 
serpents, chimaeras, and dragons rose and fell and 
rose again, and the detritus of centuries on which 
they were feeding was thrown up in the air into their 
fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before 
being consumed by the inferno. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had vanished from view: 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione stopped dead; the fiery 
monsters were circling them, drawing closer and 
closer, claws and horns and tails lashed, and the heat 
was solid as a wall around them. 

What can we do? Hermione screamed over the 
deafening roars of the fire. What can we do? 

Here! 

Harry seized a pair of heavylooking broomsticks from 
the nearest pile of junk and threw one to Ron, who 
pulled Hermione onto it behind him. Harry swung his 
leg over the second broom and, with hard kicks to the 
ground, they soared up into the air, missing by feet 
the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snapped its 
jaws at them. The smoke and heat were becoming 
overwhelming: Below them the cursed fire was 
consuming the contraband of generations of hunted 
students, the guilty outcomes of a thousand banned 
experiments, the secrets of the countless souls who 
had sought refuge in the room. Harry could not see a 
trace of Malfoy, Crabbe, or Goyle anywhere: He 
swooped as low as he dared over the marauding 
monsters of flame to try to find them, but there was 
nothing but fire: What a terrible way to die. ... He had 
never wanted this. ... 



  715 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry, lets get out, lets get out! bellowed Ron, 
though it was impossible to see where the door was 
through the black smoke. 

And then Harry heard a thin, piteous human scream 
from amidst the terrible commotion, the thunder of 
devouring flame. 

Its  too  dangerous  ! Ron yelled, but Harry 
wheeled in the air. His glasses giving his eyes some 
small protection from the smoke, he raked the 
firestorm below, seeking a sign of life, a limb or a face 
that was not yet charred like wood. ... 

And he saw them: Malfoy with his arms around the 
unconscious Goyle, the pair of them perched on a 
fragile tower of charred desks, and Harry dived. 

Malfoy saw him coming and raised one arm, but even 
as Harry grasped it he knew at once that it was no 
good: Goyle was too heavy and Malfoy s hand, covered 
in sweat, slid instantly out of Harrys  

IF WE DIE FOR THEM, ILL KILL YOU, HARRY! 
roared Rons voice, and, as a great flaming chimaera 
bore down upon them, he and Hermione dragged 
Goyle onto their broom and rose, rolling and pitching, 
into the air once more as Malfoy clambered up behind 
Harry. 

The door, get to the door, the door! screamed Malfoy 
in Harrys ear, and Harry sped up, following Ron, 
Hermione, and Goyle through the billowing black 
smoke, hardly able to breathe: and all around them 
the last few objects unburned by the devouring flames 
were flung into the air, as the creatures of the cursed 
fire cast them high in celebration: cups and shields, a 
sparkling necklace, and an old, discolored tiara  



  716 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




 What are you doing, what are you doing, the doors 
that way\ screamed Malfoy, but Harry made a 
hairpin swerve and dived. The diadem seemed to fall 
in slow motion, turning and glittering as it dropped 
toward the maw of a yawning serpent, and then he 
had it, caught it around his wrist  

Harry swerved again as the serpent lunged at him; he 
soared upward and straight toward the place where, 
he prayed, the door stood open: Ron, Hermione, and 
Goyle had vanished; Malfoy was screaming and 
holding Harry so tightly it hurt. Then, through the 
smoke, Harry saw a rectangular patch on the wall 
and steered the broom at it, and moments later clean 
air filled his lungs and they collided with the wall in 
the corridor beyond. 

Malfoy fell off the broom and lay facedown, gasping, 
coughing, and retching. Harry rolled over and sat up: 
The door to the Room of Requirement had vanished, 
and Ron and Hermione sat panting on the floor beside 
Goyle, who was still unconscious. 

CCrabbe, choked Malfoy as soon as he could 
speak. CCrabbe ... 

Hes dead, said Ron harshly. 

There was silence, apart from panting and coughing. 
Then a number of huge bangs shook the castle, and a 
great cavalcade of transparent figures galloped past 
on horses, their heads screaming with bloodlust 
under their arms. Harry staggered to his feet when 
the Headless Hunt had passed and looked around: 

The battle was still going on all around him. He could 
hear more screams than those of the retreating 
ghosts. Panic flared within him. 



  717 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Wheres Ginny? he said sharply. She was here. She 
was supposed to be going back into the Room of 
Requirement. 

Blimey, dyou reckon itll still work after that fire? 
asked Ron, but he too got to his feet, rubbing his 
chest and looking left and right. Shall we split up 
and look  ? 

No, said Hermione, getting to her feet too. Malfoy 
and Goyle remained slumped hopelessly on the 
corridor floor; neither of them had wands. Lets stick 
together. I say we go  Harry, whats that on your 
arm? 

What? Oh yeah   

He pulled the diadem from his wrist and held it up. It 
was still hot, blackened with soot, but as he looked at 
it closely he was just able to make out the tiny words 
etched upon it: WIT BEYOND MEASURE IS MANS 
GREATEST TREASURE. 

A bloodlike substance, dark and tarry, seemed to be 
leaking from the diadem. Suddenly Harry felt the 
thing vibrate violently, then break apart in his hands, 
and as it did so, he thought he heard the faintest, 
most distant scream of pain, echoing not from the 
grounds or the castle, but from the thing that had 
just fragmented in his fingers. 

It must have been Fiendfyre! whimpered Hermione, 
her eyes on the broken pieces. 

Sorry? 

Fiendfyre  cursed fire  its one of the substances 
that destroy Horcruxes, but I would never, ever have 



  718 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




dared use it, its so dangerous  how did Crabbe 
know how to  ? 

Mustve learned from the Carrows, said Harry 
grimly. 

Shame he wasnt concentrating when they 
mentioned how to stop it, really, said Ron, whose 
hair, like Hermiones, was singed, and whose face was 
blackened. If he hadnt tried to kill us all, Id be quite 
sorry he was dead. 

But dont you realize? whispered Hermione. This 
means, if we can just get the snake   

But she broke off as yells and shouts and the 
unmistakable noises of dueling filled the corridor. 
Harry looked around and his heart seemed to fail: 
Death Eaters had penetrated Hogwarts. Fred and 
Percy had just backed into view, both of them dueling 
masked and hooded men. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione ran forward to help: Jets of 
light flew in every direction and the man dueling 
Percy backed off, fast: Then his hood slipped and they 
saw a high forehead and streaked hair  

Hello, Minister! bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx 
straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand and 
clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful 
discomfort. Did I mention Im resigning? 

Youre joking, Perce! shouted Fred as the Death 
Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of 
three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen 
to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over him; 
he seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. 
Fred looked at Percy with glee. 



  719 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You actually are joking, Perce. ... I dont think Ive 
heard you joke since you were   

The air exploded. They had been grouped together, 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Percy, the two 
Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other 
Transfigured; and in that fragment of a moment, 
when danger seemed temporarily at bay, the world 
was rent apart. Harry felt himself flying through the 
air, and all he could do was hold as tightly as possible 
to that thin stick of wood that was his one and only 
weapon, and shield his head in his arms: He heard 
the screams and yells of his companions without a 
hope of knowing what had happened to them  

And then the world resolved itself into pain and 
semidarkness: He was half buried in the wreckage of 
a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible 
attack. Cold air told him that the side of the castle 
had been blown away, and hot stickiness on his 
cheek told him that he was bleeding copiously. Then 
he heard a terrible cry that pulled at his insides, that 
expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse 
could cause, and he stood up, swaying, more 
frightened than he had been that day, more 
frightened, perhaps, than he had been in his life. ... 

And Hermione was struggling to her feet in the 
wreckage, and three redheaded men were grouped on 
the ground where the wall had blasted apart. Harry 
grabbed Hermione s hand as they staggered and 
stumbled over stone and wood. 

No  no  no! someone was shouting. No! Fred! 
No! 

And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was 
kneeling beside them, and Freds eyes stared without 



  720 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon 
his face. 



  721 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE ELDER WAND 

The world had ended, so why had the battle not 
ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every 
combatant laid down their arms? Harrys mind was in 
free fall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the 
impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be 
dead, the evidence of all his senses must be lying  

And then a body fell past the hole blown into the side 
of the school, and curses flew in at them from the 
darkness, hitting the wall behind their heads. 

Get down! Harry shouted, as more curses flew 
through the night: He and Ron had both grabbed 
Hermione and pulled her to the floor, but Percy lay 
across Freds body, shielding it from further harm, 
and when Harry shouted, Percy, come on, weve got 
to move! he shook his head. 

Percy! Harry saw tear tracks streaking the grime 
coating Rons face as he seized his elder brothers 
shoulders and pulled, but Percy would not budge. 



  722 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Percy, you cant do anything for him! Were going to 



Hermione screamed, and Harry, turning, did not need 
to ask why. A monstrous spider the size of a small car 
was trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall: 
One of Aragogs descendants had joined the fight. 

Ron and Harry shouted together; their spells collided 
and the monster was blown backward, its legs jerking 
horribly, and vanished into the darkness. 

It brought friends! Harry called to the others, 
glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole 
in the wall the curses had blasted: More giant spiders 
were climbing the side of the building, liberated from 
the Forbidden Forest, into which the Death Eaters 
must have penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spells 
down upon them, knocking the lead monster into its 
fellows, so that they rolled back down the building 
and out of sight. Then more curses came soaring over 
Harrys head, so close he felt the force of them blow 
his hair. 

Lets move, NOW! 

Pushing Hermione ahead of him with Ron, Harry 
stooped to seize Freds body under the armpits. Percy, 
realizing what Harry was trying to do, stopped 
clinging to the body and helped; together, crouching 
low to avoid the curses flying at them from the 
grounds, they hauled Fred out of the way. 

Here, said Harry, and they placed him in a niche 
where a suit of armor had stood earlier. He could not 
bear to look at Fred a second longer than he had to, 
and after making sure that the body was well hidden, 
he took off after Ron and Hermione. Malfoy and Goyle 
had vanished, but at the end of the corridor, which 
  723 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




was now full of dust and falling masonry, glass long 
gone from the windows, he saw many people running 
backward and forward, whether friends or foes he 
could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percy let out a 
bulllike roar: ROOKWOOD! and sprinted off in the 
direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of 
students. 

Harry, in here! Hermione screamed. 

She had pulled Ron behind a tapestry: They seemed 
to be wrestling together, and for one mad second 
Harry thought that they were embracing again; then 
he saw that Hermione was trying to restrain Ron, to 
stop him running after Percy. 

Listen to me  LISTEN, ROM 

I wanna help  I wanna kill Death Eaters   

His face was contorted, smeared with dust and 
smoke, and he was shaking with rage and grief. 

Ron, were the only ones who can end it! Please  
Ron  we need the snake, weve got to kill the snake! 
said Hermione. 

But Harry knew how Ron felt: Pursuing another 
Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge; 
he too wanted to fight, to punish them, the people 
who had killed Fred, and he wanted to find the other 
Weasleys, and above all make sure, make quite sure, 
that Ginny was not  but he could not permit that 
idea to form in his mind  

We will fight! Hermione said. Well have to, to reach 
the snake! But lets not lose sight now of what were 
supposed to be ddoing! Were the only ones who can 
end it! 

  724 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She was crying too, and she wiped her face on her 
torn and singed sleeve as she spoke, but she took 
great heaving breaths to calm herself as, still keeping 
a tight hold on Ron, she turned to Harry. 

You need to find out where Voldemort is, because 
hell have the snake with him, wont he? Do it, Harry 
 look inside him! 

Why was it so easy? Because his scar had been 
burning for hours, yearning to show him Voldemorts 
thoughts? He closed his eyes on her command, and at 
once, the screams and the bangs and all the 
discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until 
they became distant, as though he stood far, far away 
from them. ... 

He was standing in the middle of a desolate but 
strangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the 
walls and all the windows boarded except for one. The 
sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and 
distant. The single unblocked window revealed 
distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but 
inside the room it was dark except for a solitary oil 
lamp. 

He was rolling his wand between his fingers, watching 
it, his thoughts on the room in the castle, the secret 
room only he had ever found, the room, like the 
Chamber, that you had to be clever and cunning and 
inquisitive to discover. . . . He was confident that the 
boy would not find the diadem . . . although 
Dumbledores puppet had come much farther than he 
had ever expected . . . too far. . . . 

My Lord, said a voice, desperate and cracked. He 
turned: There was Lucius Malfoy sitting in the 
darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of 
the punishment he had received after the boys last 

  725 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




escape. One of his eyes remained closed and puffy. 
My Lord ... please ... my son ... 

If your son is dead, Lucius, it is not my fault. He did 
not come and join me, like the rest of the Slytherins. 
Perhaps he has decided to befriend Harry Potter? 

No  never, whispered Malfoy. 

You must hope not. 

Arent  arent you afraid, my Lord, that Potter 
might die at another hand but yours? asked Malfoy, 
his voice shaking. Wouldnt it be ... forgive me ... 
more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle, 
and seek him yyourself? 

Do not pretend, Lucius. You wish the battle to cease 
so that you can discover what has happened to your 
son. And I do not need to seek Potter. Before the night 
is out, Potter will have come to find me. 

Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the wand in 
his fingers. It troubled him ... and those things that 
troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged. ... 

Go and fetch Snape. 

Snape, mmy Lord? 

Snape. Now. I need him. There is a  service  I 
require from him. Go. 

Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, 
Lucius left the room. Voldemort continued to stand 
there, twirling the wand between his fingers, staring 
at it. 



  726 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




It is the only way, Nagini, he whispered, and he 
looked around, and there was the great thick snake, 
now suspended in midair, twisting gracefully within 
the enchanted, protected space he had made for her, 
a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between 
glittering cage and tank. 

With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened his eyes; 
at the same moment his ears were assaulted with the 
screeches and cries, the smashes and bangs of battle. 

Hes in the Shrieking Shack. The snakes with him, 
its got some sort of magical protection around it. Hes 
just sent Lucius Malfoy to find Snape. 

Voldemorts sitting in the Shrieking Shack? said 
Hermione, outraged. Hes not  hes not even 
fighting? 

He doesnt think he needs to fight, said Harry. He 
thinks Im going to go to him. 

But why? 

He knows Im after Horcruxes  hes keeping Nagini 
close beside him  obviously Im going to have to go 
to him to get near the thing   

Right, said Ron, squaring his shoulders. So you 
cant go, thats what he wants, what hes expecting. 
You stay here and look after Hermione, and Ill go and 
get it   

Harry cut across Ron. 

You two stay here, Ill go under the Cloak and Ill be 
back as soon as I   



  727 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, said Hermione, it makes much more sense if I 
take the Cloak and   

Dont even think about it, Ron snarled at her. 

Before Hermione could get farther than Ron, Im just 
as capable   the tapestry at the top of the staircase 
on which they stood was ripped open. 

POTTER! 

Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even 
before their wands were fully raised, Hermione 
shouted, Glisseo\ 

The stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute 
and she, Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to 
control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters 
Stunning Spells flew far over their heads. They shot 
through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and 
spun onto the floor, hitting the opposite wall. 

Duro\ cried Hermione, pointing her wand at the 
tapestry, and there were two loud, sickening crunches 
as the tapestry turned to stone and the Death Eaters 
pursuing them crumpled against it. 

Get back! shouted Ron, and he, Harry, and 
Hermione flattened themselves against a door as a 
herd of galloping desks thundered past, shepherded 
by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. She appeared 
not to notice them: Her hair had come down and 
there was a gash on her cheek. As she turned the 
corner, they heard her scream, CHARGE! 

Harry, you get the Cloak on, said Hermione. Never 
mind us   



  728 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But he threw it over all three of them; large though 
they were, he doubted anyone would see their 
disembodied feet through the dust that clogged the 
air, the falling stone, the shimmer of spells. 

They ran down the next staircase and found 
themselves in a corridor full of duelers. The portraits 
on either side of the fighters were crammed with 
figures screaming advice and encouragement, while 
Death Eaters, both masked and unmasked, dueled 
students and teachers. Dean had won himself a 
wand, for he was facetoface with Dolohov, Parvati 
with Travers. Harry, Ron, and Hermione raised their 
wands at once, ready to strike, but the duelers were 
weaving and darting around so much that there was a 
strong likelihood of hurting one of their own side if 
they cast curses. Even as they stood braced, looking 
for the opportunity to act, there came a great 
Wheeeeeeeeeeee\ and, looking up, Harry saw Peeves 
zooming over them, dropping Snargaluff pods down 
onto the Death Eaters, whose heads were suddenly 
engulfed in wriggling green tubers like fat worms. 

Argh! 

A fistful of tubers had hit the Cloak over Rons head; 
the slimy green roots were suspended improbably in 
midair as Ron tried to shake them loose. 

Someones invisible there! shouted a masked Death 
Eater, pointing. 

Dean made the most of the Death Eaters momentary 
distraction, knocking him out with a Stunning Spell; 
Dolohov attempted to retaliate and Parvati shot a 
BodyBind Curse at him. 

LETS GO! Harry yelled, and he, Ron, and Hermione 
gathered the Cloak tightly around themselves and 

  729 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




pelted, heads down, through the midst of the fighters, 
slipping a little in pools of Snargaluff juice, toward the 
top of the marble staircase into the entrance hall. 

Im Draco Malfoy, Im Draco, Im on your side! 

Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with 
another masked Death Eater. Harry Stunned the 
Death Eater as they passed: Malfoy looked around, 
beaming, for his savior, and Ron punched him from 
under the Cloak. Malfoy fell backward on top of the 
Death Eater, his mouth bleeding, utterly bemused. 

And thats the second time weve saved your life 
tonight, you twofaced bastard! Ron yelled. 

There were more duelers all over the stairs and in the 
hall, Death Eaters everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, 
close to the front doors, in combat with Flitwick, a 
masked Death Eater dueling Kingsley right beside 
them. Students ran in every direction, some carrying 
or dragging injured friends. Harry directed a Stunning 
Spell toward the masked Death Eater; it missed but 
nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere 
brandishing armfuls of Venomous Tentacula, which 
looped itself happily around the nearest Death Eater 
and began reeling him in. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione sped down the marble 
staircase: Glass shattered to their left, and the 
Slytherin hourglass that had recorded House points 
spilled its emeralds everywhere, so that people slipped 
and staggered as they ran. Two bodies fell from the 
balcony overhead as they reached the ground, and a 
gray blur that Harry took for an animal sped four 
legged across the hall to sink its teeth into one of the 
fallen. 



  730 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




NO! shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast 
from her wand, Fenrir Greyback was thrown 
backward from the feebly stirring body of Lavender 
Brown. He hit the marble banisters and struggled to 
return to his feet. Then, with a bright white flash and 
a crack, a crystal ball fell on top of his head, and he 
crumpled to the ground and did not move. 

I have more! shrieked Professor Trelawney from over 
the banisters. More for any who want them! Here   

And with a movement like a tennis serve, she heaved 
another enormous crystal sphere from her bag, waved 
her wand through the air, and caused the ball to 
speed across the hall and smash through a window. 
At the same moment, the heavy wooden front doors 
burst open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced 
their way into the entrance hall. 

Screams of terror rent the air: The fighters scattered, 
Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and 
green jets of light flew into the midst of the oncoming 
monsters, which shuddered and reared, more 
terrifying than ever. 

How do we get out? yelled Ron over all the 
screaming, but before either Harry or Hermione could 
answer they were bowled aside: Hagrid had come 
thundering down the stairs, brandishing his flowery 
pink umbrella. 

Dont hurt em, dont hurt em! he yelled. 

HAGRID, NO! 

Harry forgot everything else: He sprinted out from 
under the Cloak, running bent double to avoid the 
curses illuminating the whole hall. 



  731 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




HAGRID, COME BACK! 



But he was not even halfway to Hagrid when he saw it 
happen: Hagrid vanished amongst the spiders, and 
with a great scurrying, a foul swarming movement, 
they retreated under the onslaught of spells, Hagrid 
buried in their midst. 

HAGRID! 

Harry heard someone calling his own name, whether 
friend or foe he did not care: He was sprinting down 
the front steps into the dark grounds, and the spiders 
were swarming away with their prey, and he could see 
nothing of Hagrid at all. 

HAGRID! 

He thought he could make out an enormous arm 
waving from the midst of the spider swarm, but as he 
made to chase after them, his way was impeded by a 
monumental foot, which swung down out of the 
darkness and made the ground on which he stood 
shudder. He looked up: A giant stood before him, 
twenty feet high, its head hidden in shadow, nothing 
but its treelike, hairy shins illuminated by light from 
the castle doors. With one brutal, fluid movement, it 
smashed a massive fist through an upper window, 
and glass rained down upon Harry, forcing him back 
under the shelter of the doorway. 

Oh my  ! shrieked Hermione, as she and Ron 
caught up with Harry and gazed upward at the giant 
now trying to seize people through the window above. 

DONT! Ron yelled, grabbing Hermiones hand as 
she raised her wand. Stun him and hell crush half 
the castle   

  732 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




HAGGER? 



Grawp came lurching around the corner of the castle; 
only now did Harry realize that Grawp was, indeed, 
an undersized giant. The gargantuan monster trying 
to crush people on the upper floors looked around 
and let out a roar. The stone steps trembled as he 
stomped toward his smaller kin, and Grawp s 
lopsided mouth fell open, showing yellow, halfbrick 
sized teeth; and then they launched themselves at 
each other with the savagery of lions. 

RUN! Harry roared; the night was full of hideous 
yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and he seized 
Hermiones hand and tore down the steps into the 
grounds, Ron bringing up the rear. Harry had not lost 
hope of finding and saving Hagrid; he ran so fast that 
they were halfway toward the forest before they were 
brought up short again. 

The air around them had frozen: Harrys breath 
caught and solidified in his chest. Shapes moved out 
in the darkness, swirling figures of concentrated 
blackness, moving in a great wave toward the castle, 
their faces hooded and their breath rattling. . . . 

Ron and Hermione closed in beside him as the 
sounds of fighting behind them grew suddenly muted, 
deadened, because a silence only dementors could 
bring was falling thickly through the night, and Fred 
was gone, and Hagrid was surely dying or already 
dead. ... 

Come on, Harry! said Hermiones voice from a very 
long way away. Patronuses, Harry, come on! 

He raised his wand, but a dull hopelessness was 
spreading through him: How many more lay dead 



  733 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




that he did not yet know about; he felt as though his 
soul had already half left his body. . . . 



HARRY, COME ON! screamed Hermione. 

A hundred dementors were advancing, gliding toward 

them, sucking their way closer to Harrys despair, 
which was like a promise of a feast. ... 

He saw Rons silver terrier burst into the air, flicker 
feebly, and expire; he saw Hermiones otter twist in 
midair and fade; and his own wand trembled in his 
hand, and he almost welcomed the oncoming 
oblivion, the promise of nothing, of no feeling. . . . 

And then a silver hare, a boar, and a fox soared past 
Harry, Ron, and Hermiones heads: The dementors 
fell back before the creatures approach. Three more 
people had arrived out of the darkness to stand 
beside them, their wands outstretched, continuing to 
cast their Patronuses: Luna, Ernie, and Seamus. 

Thats right, said Luna encouragingly, as if they 
were back in the Room of Requirement and this was 
simply spell practice for the D.A. Thats right, Harry 
... come on, think of something happy. ... 

Something happy? he said, his voice cracked. 

Were all still here, she whispered, were still 
fighting. Come on, now. ... 

There was a silver spark, then a wavering light, and 

then, with the greatest effort it had ever cost him, the 
stag burst from the end of Harrys wand. It cantered 
forward, and now the dementors scattered in earnest, 
and immediately the night was mild again, but the 
sounds of the surrounding battle were loud in his 
ears. 

  734 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Cant thank you enough, said Ron shakily, turning 
to Luna, Ernie, and Seamus, you just saved   

With a roar and an earthquaking tremor, another 
giant came lurching out of the darkness from the 
direction of the forest, brandishing a club taller than 
any of them. 

RUN! Harry shouted again, but the others needed 
no telling: They all scattered, and not a second too 
soon, for next moment the creatures vast foot had 
fallen exactly where they had been standing. Harry 
looked round: Ron and Hermione were following him, 
but the other three had vanished back into the battle. 

Lets get out of range! yelled Ron as the giant swung 
its club again and its bellows echoed through the 
night, across the grounds where bursts of red and 
green light continued to illuminate the darkness. 

The Whomping Willow, said Harry, go! 

Somehow he walled it all up in his mind, crammed it 
into a small space into which he could not look now: 
Thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and his terror for all the 
people he loved, scattered in and outside the castle, 
must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach 
the snake and Voldemort, because that was, as 
Hermione said, the only way to end it  

He sprinted, half believing he could outdistance death 
itself, ignoring the jets of light flying in the darkness 
all around him, and the sound of the lake crashing 
like the sea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Forest 
though the night was windless; through grounds that 
seemed themselves to have risen in rebellion, he ran 
faster than he had ever moved in his life, and it was 
he who saw the great tree first, the Willow that 



  735 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




protected the secret at its roots with whiplike, 
slashing branches. 



Panting and gasping, Harry slowed down, skirting the 
Willows swiping branches, peering through the 
darkness toward its thick trunk, trying to see the 
single knot in the bark of the old tree that would 
paralyze it. Ron and Hermione caught up, Hermione 
so out of breath she could not speak. 

How  howre we going to get in? panted Ron. I can 
 see the place  if we just had  Crookshanks 
again   

Crookshanks? wheezed Hermione, bent double, 
clutching her chest. Are you a wizard, or what? 

Oh  right  yeah   

Ron looked around, then directed his wand at a twig 
on the ground and said, Wingardium Leviosal The 
twig flew up from the ground, spun through the air as 
if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at 
the trunk through the Willows ominously swaying 
branches. It jabbed at a place near the roots, and at 
once, the writhing tree became still. 

Perfect! panted Hermione. 

Wait. 

For one teetering second, while the crashes and 
booms of the battle filled the air, Harry hesitated. 
Voldemort wanted him to do this, wanted him to 
come. ... Was he leading Ron and Hermione into a 
trap? 

But then the reality seemed to close upon him, cruel 
and plain: The only way forward was to kill the snake, 

  736 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and the snake was where Voldemort was, and 
Voldemort was at the end of this tunnel. ... 



Harry, were coming, just get in there! said Ron, 
pushing him forward. 

Harry wriggled into the earthy passage hidden in the 
trees roots. It was a much tighter squeeze than it had 
been the last time they had entered it. The tunnel was 
lowceilinged: They had had to double up to move 
through it nearly four years previously; now there was 
nothing for it but to crawl. Harry went first, his wand 
illuminated, expecting at any moment to meet 
barriers, but none came. They moved in silence, 
Harrys gaze fixed upon the swinging beam of the 
wand held in his fist. 

At last the tunnel began to slope upward and Harry 
saw a sliver of light ahead. Hermione tugged at his 
ankle. 

The Cloak! she whispered. Put the Cloak on! 

He groped behind him and she forced the bundle of 
slippery cloth into his free hand. With difficulty he 
dragged it over himself, murmured, Nox, 
extinguishing his wandlight, and continued on his 
hands and knees, as silently as possible, all his 
senses straining, expecting every second to be 
discovered, to hear a cold clear voice, see a flash of 
green light. 

And then he heard voices coming from the room 
directly ahead of them, only slightly muffled by the 
fact that the opening at the end of the tunnel had 
been blocked up by what looked like an old crate. 
Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged right up to the 
opening and peered through a tiny gap left between 
crate and wall. 

  737 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




The room beyond was dimly lit, but he could see 
Nagini, swirling and coiling like a serpent underwater, 
safe in her enchanted, starry sphere, which floated 
unsupported in midair. He could see the edge of a 
table, and a longfingered white hand toying with a 
wand. Then Snape spoke, and Harrys heart lurched: 
Snape was inches away from where he crouched, 
hidden. 

"... my Lord, their resistance is crumbling   

  and it is doing so without your help, said 
Voldemort in his high, clear voice. Skilled wizard 
though you are, Severus, I do not think you will make 
much difference now. We are almost there ... almost. 

Let me find the boy. Let me bring you Potter. I know I 
can find him, my Lord. Please. 

Snape strode past the gap, and Harry drew back a 
little, keeping his eyes fixed upon Nagini, wondering 
whether there was any spell that might penetrate the 
protection surrounding her, but he could not think of 
anything. One failed attempt, and he would give away 
his position. ... 

Voldemort stood up. Harry could see him now, see the 
red eyes, the flattened, serpentine face, the pallor of 
him gleaming slightly in the semidarkness. 

I have a problem, Severus, said Voldemort softly. 

My Lord? said Snape. 

Voldemort raised the Elder Wand, holding it as 
delicately and precisely as a conductors baton. 

Why doesnt it work for me, Severus? 



  738 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




In the silence Harry imagined he could hear the snake 
hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled  or was it 
Voldemorts sibilant sigh lingering on the air? 

My  my Lord? said Snape blankly. I do not 
understand. You  you have performed extraordinary 
magic with that wand. 

No, said Voldemort. I have performed my usual 
magic. I am extraordinary, but this wand ... no. It has 
not revealed the wonders it has promised. I feel no 
difference between this wand and the one I procured 
from Ollivander all those years ago. 

Voldemorts tone was musing, calm, but Harrys scar 
had begun to throb and pulse: Pain was building in 
his forehead, and he could feel that controlled sense 
of fury building inside Voldemort. 

No difference, said Voldemort again. 

Snape did not speak. Harry could not see his face: He 
wondered whether Snape sensed danger, was trying 
to find the right words to reassure his master. 

Voldemort started to move around the room: Harry 
lost sight of him for seconds as he prowled, speaking 
in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury 
mounted in Harry. 

I have thought long and hard, Severus. ... Do you 
know why I have called you back from the battle? 

And for a moment Harry saw Snape s profile: His eyes 
were fixed upon the coiling snake in its enchanted 
cage. 

No, my Lord, but I beg you will let me return. Let me 
find Potter. 

  739 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You sound like Lucius. Neither of you understands 
Potter as I do. He does not need finding. Potter will 
come to me. I know his weakness, you see, his one 
great flaw. He will hate watching the others struck 
down around him, knowing that it is for him that it 
happens. He will want to stop it at any cost. He will 
come. 

But my Lord, he might be killed accidentally by one 
other than yourself   

My instructions to my Death Eaters have been 
perfectly clear. Capture Potter. Kill his friends  the 
more, the better  but do not kill him. 

But it is of you that I wished to speak, Severus, not 
Harry Potter. You have been very valuable to me. Very 
valuable. 

My Lord knows I seek only to serve him. But  let 
me go and find the boy, my Lord. Let me bring him to 
you. I know I can   

I have told you, no! said Voldemort, and Harry 
caught the glint of red in his eyes as he turned again, 
and the swishing of his cloak was like the slithering of 
a snake, and he felt Voldemorts impatience in his 
burning scar. My concern at the moment, Severus, is 
what will happen when I finally meet the boy! 

My Lord, there can be no question, surely  ? 

  but there is a question, Severus. There is. 

Voldemort halted, and Harry could see him plainly 
again as he slid the Elder Wand through his white 
fingers, staring at Snape. 



  740 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Why did both the wands I have used fail when 
directed at Harry Potter? 

I  I cannot answer that, my Lord. 

Cant you? 

The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through 
Harrys head: He forced his own fist into his mouth to 
stop himself from crying out in pain. He closed his 
eyes, and suddenly he was Voldemort, looking into 
Snapes pale face. 

My wand of yew did everything of which I asked it, 
Severus, except to kill Harry Potter. Twice it failed. 
Ollivander told me under torture of the twin cores, 
told me to take anothers wand. I did so, but Luciuss 
wand shattered upon meeting Potters. 

I  I have no explanation, my Lord. 

Snape was not looking at Voldemort now. His dark 
eyes were still fixed upon the coiling serpent in its 
protective sphere. 

I sought a third wand, Severus. The Elder Wand, the 
Wand of Destiny, the Deathstick. I took it from its 
previous master. I took it from the grave of Albus 
Dumbledore. 

And now Snape looked at Voldemort, and Snapes 
face was like a death mask. It was marble white and 
so still that when he spoke, it was a shock to see that 
anyone lived behind the blank eyes. 

My Lord  let me go to the boy   

All this long night, when I am on the brink of victory, 

I have sat here, said Voldemort, his voice barely 

  741 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




louder than a whisper, wondering, wondering, why 
the Elder Wand refuses to be what it ought to be, 
refuses to perform as legend says it must perform for 
its rightful owner ... and I think I have the answer. 

Snape did not speak. 

Perhaps you already know it? You are a clever man, 
after all, Severus. You have been a good and faithful 
servant, and I regret what must happen. 

My Lord   

The Elder Wand cannot serve me properly, Severus, 
because I am not its true master. The Elder Wand 
belongs to the wizard who killed its last owner. You 
killed Albus Dumbledore. While you live, Severus, the 
Elder Wand cannot be truly mine. 

My Lord! Snape protested, raising his wand. 

It cannot be any other way, said Voldemort. I must 
master the wand, Severus. Master the wand, and I 
master Potter at last. 

And Voldemort swiped the air with the Elder Wand. It 
did nothing to Snape, who for a split second seemed 
to think he had been reprieved: But then Voldemorts 
intention became clear. The snakes cage was rolling 
through the air, and before Snape could do anything 
more than yell, it had encased him, head and 
shoulders, and Voldemort spoke in Parseltongue. 

Kill. 

There was a terrible scream. Harry saw Snape s face 
losing the little color it had left; it whitened as his 
black eyes widened, as the snakes fangs pierced his 



  742 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




neck, as he failed to push the enchanted cage off 
himself, as his knees gave way and he fell to the floor. 

I regret it, said Voldemort coldly. 

He turned away; there was no sadness in him, no 
remorse. It was time to leave this shack and take 
charge, with a wand that would now do his full 
bidding. He pointed it at the starry cage holding the 
snake, which drifted upward, off Snape, who fell 
sideways onto the floor, blood gushing from the 
wounds in his neck. Voldemort swept from the room 
without a backward glance, and the great serpent 
floated after him in its huge protective sphere. 

Back in the tunnel and his own mind, Harry opened 
his eyes: He had drawn blood biting down on his 
knuckles in the effort not to shout out. Now he was 
looking through the tiny crack between crate and 
wall, watching a foot in a black boot trembling on the 
floor. 

Harry! breathed Hermione behind him, but he had 
already pointed his wand at the crate blocking his 
view. It lifted an inch into the air and drifted sideways 
silently. As quietly as he could, he pulled himself up 
into the room. 

He did not know why he was doing it, why he was 
approaching the dying man: He did not know what he 
felt as he saw Snapes white face, and the fingers 
trying to staunch the bloody wound at his neck. 

Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak and looked down 
upon the man he hated, whose widening black eyes 
found Harry as he tried to speak. Harry bent over 
him, and Snape seized the front of his robes and 
pulled him close. 



  743 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




A terrible rasping, gurgling noise issued from Snapes 
throat. 

Take ... it. ... Take ... it. ... 

Something more than blood was leaking from Snape. 
Silvery blue, neither gas nor liquid, it gushed from his 
mouth and his ears and his eyes, and Harry knew 
what it was, but did not know what to do  

A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrust into his 
shaking hands by Hermione. Harry lifted the silvery 
substance into it with his wand. When the flask was 
full to the brim, and Snape looked as though there 
was no blood left in him, his grip on Harrys robes 
slackened. 

Look ... at ... me. ... he whispered. 

The green eyes found the black, but after a second, 
something in the depths of the dark pair seemed to 
vanish, leaving them fixed, blank, and empty. The 
hand holding Harry thudded to the floor, and Snape 
moved no more. 



  744 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE PRINCES TALE 

Harry remained kneeling at Snapes side, simply 
staring down at him, until quite suddenly a high, cold 
voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped to his 
feet, the flask gripped tightly in his hands, thinking 
that Voldemort had reentered the room. 

Voldemort s voice reverberated from the walls and 
floor, and Harry realized that he was talking to 
Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area, that the 
residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in 
the castle would hear him as clearly as if he stood 
beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a 
deathblow away. 

You have fought, said the high, cold voice, 

valiantly. Lord Voldemort knows how to value 
bravery. 

Yet you have sustained heavy losses. If you continue 
to resist me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wish 
this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is 
a loss and a waste. 

  745 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Lord Voldemort is merciful. I command my forces to 
retreat immediately. 



You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with 
dignity. Treat your injured. 

I speak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have 
permitted your friends to die for you rather than face 
me yourself. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden 
Forest. If, at the end of that hour, you have not come 
to me, have not given yourself up, then battle 
recommences. This time, I shall enter the fray myself, 
Harry Potter, and I shall find you, and I shall punish 
every last man, woman, and child who has tried to 
conceal you from me. One hour. 

Both Ron and Hermione shook their heads frantically, 
looking at Harry. 

Dont listen to him, said Ron. 

Itll be all right, said Hermione wildly. Lets  lets 
get back to the castle, if hes gone to the forest well 
need to think of a new plan   

She glanced at Snapes body, then hurried back to 
the tunnel entrance. Ron followed her. Harry gathered 
up the Invisibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. 
He did not know what to feel, except shock at the way 
Snape had been killed, and the reason for which it 
had been done. ... 

They crawled back through the tunnel, none of them 
talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron and 
Hermione could still hear Voldemort ringing in their 
heads, as he could. 



  746 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You have permitted your friends to die for you rather 
than face me yourself I shall wait for one hour in the 
Forbidden Forest. . . . One hour. . . . 

Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of 
the castle. It could only be an hour or so from dawn, 
yet it was pitchblack. The three of them hurried 
toward the stone steps. A lone clog, the size of a small 
boat, lay abandoned in front of them. There was no 
other sign of Grawp or of his attacker. 

The castle was unnaturally silent. There were no 
flashes of light now, no bangs or screams or shouts. 
The flagstones of the deserted entrance hall were 
stained with blood. Emeralds were still scattered all 
over the floor, along with pieces of marble and 
splintered wood. Part of the banisters had been blown 
away. 

Where is everyone? whispered Hermione. 

Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in 
the doorway. 

The House tables were gone and the room was 
crowded. The survivors stood in groups, their arms 
around each others necks. The injured were being 
treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey 
and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongst the 
injured; his flank poured blood and he shook where 
he lay, unable to stand. 

The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall. Harry 
could not see Freds body, because his family 
surrounded him. George was kneeling at his head; 
Mrs. Weasley was lying across Freds chest, her body 
shaking, Mr. Weasley stroking her hair while tears 
cascaded down his cheeks. 



  747 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked 
away. Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny, whose 
face was swollen and blotchy, and hug her. Ron 
joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm 
around Rons shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione 
moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a 
clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and 
Tonks, pale and still and peacefullooking, apparently 
asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling. 

The Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, 
shrink, as Harry reeled backward from the doorway. 
He could not draw breath. He could not bear to look 
at any of the other bodies, to see who else had died 
for him. He could not bear to join the Weasleys, could 
not look into their eyes, when if he had given himself 
up in the first place, Fred might never have died. ... 

He turned away and ran up the marble staircase. 
Lupin, Tonks ... He yearned not to feel. ... He wished 
he could rip out his heart, his innards, everything 
that was screaming inside him. ... 

The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts 
seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the 
Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping, clutching the 
crystal flask of Snapes last thoughts, and he did not 
slow down until he reached the stone gargoyle 
guarding the headmasters office. 

Password? 

Dumbledore! said Harry without thinking, because 
it was he whom he yearned to see, and to his surprise 
the gargoyle slid aside, revealing the spiral staircase 
behind. 

But when Harry burst into the circular office he found 
a change. The portraits that hung all around the 

  748 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




walls were empty. Not a single headmaster or 
headmistress remained to see him; all, it seemed, had 
flitted away, charging through the paintings that lined 
the castle, so that they could have a clear view of 
what was going on. 

Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledores deserted 
frame, which hung directly behind the headmasters 
chair, then turned his back on it. The stone Pensieve 
lay in the cabinet where it had always been: Harry 
heaved it onto the desk and poured Snapes memories 
into the wide basin with its runic markings around 
the edge. To escape into someone elses head would 
be a blessed relief. ... Nothing that even Snape had 
left him could be worse than his own thoughts. The 
memories swirled, silver white and strange, and 
without hesitating, with a feeling of reckless 
abandonment, as though this would assuage his 
torturing grief, Harry dived. 

He fell headlong into sunlight, and his feet found 
warm ground. When he straightened up, he saw that 
he was in a nearly deserted playground. A single huge 
chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls 
were swinging backward and forward, and a skinny 
boy was watching them from behind a clump of 
bushes. His black hair was overlong and his clothes 
were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too 
short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have 
belonged to a grown man, an odd smocklike shirt. 

Harry moved closer to the boy. Snape looked no more 
than nine or ten years old, sallow, small, stringy. 
There was undisguised greed in his thin face as he 
watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher 
and higher than her sister. 

Lily, dont do it! shrieked the elder of the two. 



  749 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But the girl had let go of the swing at the very height 
of its arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, 
launched herself skyward with a great shout of 
laughter, and instead of crumpling on the playground 
asphalt, she soared like a trapeze artist through the 
air, staying up far too long, landing far too lightly. 

Mummy told you not to! 

Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels of 
her sandals on the ground, making a crunching, 
grinding sound, then leapt up, hands on hips. 

Mummy said you werent allowed, Lily! 

But Im fine, said Lily, still giggling. Tuney, look at 
this. Watch what I can do. 

Petunia glanced around. The playground was 
deserted apart from themselves and, though the girls 
did not know it, Snape. Lily had picked up a fallen 
flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. 
Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity 
and disapproval. Lily waited until Petunia was near 
enough to have a clear view, then held out her palm. 
The flower sat there, opening and closing its petals, 
like some bizarre, manylipped oyster. 

Stop it! shrieked Petunia. 

Its not hurting you, said Lily, but she closed her 
hand on the blossom and threw it back to the ground. 

Its not right, said Petunia, but her eyes had 
followed the flowers flight to the ground and lingered 
upon it. How do you do it? she added, and there 
was definite longing in her voice. 



  750 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Its obvious, isnt it? Snape could no longer contain 
himself, but had jumped out from behind the bushes. 
Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the 
swings, but Lily, though clearly startled, remained 
where she was. Snape seemed to regret his 
appearance. A dull flush of color mounted the sallow 
cheeks as he looked at Lily. 

Whats obvious? asked Lily. 

Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a 
glance at the distant Petunia, now hovering beside the 
swings, he lowered his voice and said, I know what 
you are. 

What do you mean? 

Youre ... youre a witch, whispered Snape. 

She looked affronted. 

 Thats not a very nice thing to say to somebody! 

She turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward 
her sister. 

No! said Snape. He was highly colored now, and 
Harry wondered why he did not take off the 
ridiculously large coat, unless it was because he did 
not want to reveal the smock beneath it. He flapped 
after the girls, looking ludicrously batlike, like his 
older self. 

The sisters considered him, united in disapproval, 
both holding on to one of the swing poles as though it 
was the safe place in tag. 



  751 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You are, said Snape to Lily. You are a witch. Ive 
been watching you for a while. But theres nothing 
wrong with that. My mums one, and Im a wizard. 

Petunias laugh was like cold water. 

Wizard! she shrieked, her courage returned now 
that she had recovered from the shock of his 
unexpected appearance. I know who you are. Youre 
that Snape boy! They live down Spinners End by the 
river, she told Lily, and it was evident from her tone 
that she considered the address a poor 
recommendation. Why have you been spying on us? 

Havent been spying, said Snape, hot and 
uncomfortable and dirtyhaired in the bright sunlight. 
Wouldnt spy on you, anyway, he added spitefully, 

 youre a Muggle. 

Though Petunia evidently did not understand the 
word, she could hardly mistake the tone. 

Lily, come on, were leaving! she said shrilly. Lily 
obeyed her sister at once, glaring at Snape as she left. 
He stood watching them as they marched through the 
playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to 
observe him, recognized Snape s bitter 
disappointment, and understood that Snape had been 
planning this moment for a while, and that it had all 
gone wrong. . . . 

The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew it, re 
formed around him. He was now in a small thicket of 
trees. He could see a sunlit river glittering through 
their trunks. The shadows cast by the trees made a 
basin of cool green shade. Two children sat facing 
each other, crosslegged on the ground. Snape had 
removed his coat now; his odd smock looked less 
peculiar in the half light. 

  752 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




"... and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic 
outside school, you get letters. 

But I have done magic outside school! 

Were all right. We havent got wands yet. They let 
you off when youre a kid and you cant help it. But 
once youre eleven, he nodded importantly, and they 
start training you, then youve got to go careful. 

There was a little silence. Lily had picked up a fallen 
twig and twirled it in the air, and Harry knew that she 
was imagining sparks trailing from it. Then she 
dropped the twig, leaned in toward the boy, and said, 
It is real, isnt it? Its not a joke? Petunia says youre 
lying to me. Petunia says there isnt a Hogwarts. It is 
real, isnt it? 

Its real for us, said Snape. Not for her. But well get 
the letter, you and me. 

Really? whispered Lily. 

Definitely, said Snape, and even with his poorly cut 
hair and his odd clothes, he struck an oddly 
impressive figure sprawled in front of her, brimful of 
confidence in his destiny. 

And will it really come by owl? Lily whispered. 

Normally, said Snape. But youre Muggleborn, so 
someone from the school will have to come and 
explain to your parents. 

Does it make a difference, being Muggleborn? 

Snape hesitated. His black eyes, eager in the greenish 
gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair. 



  753 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, he said. It doesnt make any difference. 

Good, said Lily, relaxing: It was clear that she had 
been worrying. 

Youve got loads of magic, said Snape. I saw that. 
All the time I was watching you ... 

His voice trailed away; she was not listening, but had 
stretched out on the leafy ground and was looking up 
at the canopy of leaves overhead. He watched her as 
greedily as he had watched her in the playground. 

How are things at your house? Lily asked. 

A little crease appeared between his eyes. 

Fine, he said. 

Theyre not arguing anymore? 

Oh yes, theyre arguing, said Snape. He picked up a 
fistful of leaves and began tearing them apart, 
apparently unaware of what he was doing. But it 
wont be that long and Ill be gone. 

Doesnt your dad like magic? 

He doesnt like anything, much, said Snape. 

Severus? 

A little smile twisted Snape s mouth when she said 
his name. 

Yeah? 

Tell me about the dementors again. 



  754 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




What dyou want to know about them for? 

If I use magic outside school   

They wouldnt give you to the dementors for that! 
Dementors are for people who do really bad stuff. 
They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban. Youre not 
going to end up in Azkaban, youre too   

He turned red again and shredded more leaves. Then 
a small rustling noise behind Harry made him turn: 
Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost her footing. 

Tuney! said Lily, surprise and welcome in her voice, 
but Snape had jumped to his feet. 

Whos spying now? he shouted. What dyou want? 

Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. 
Harry could see her struggling for something hurtful 
to say. 

What is that youre wearing, anyway? she said, 
pointing at Snapes chest. Your mums blouse? 

There was a crack: A branch over Petunias head had 
fallen. Lily screamed: The branch caught Petunia on 
the shoulder, and she staggered backward and burst 
into tears. 

Tuney! 

But Petunia was running away. Lily rounded on 
Snape. 

Did you make that happen? 

No. He looked both defiant and scared. 



  755 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You did! She was backing away from him. You did). 
You hurt her! 



No  no I didnt! 

But the lie did not convince Lily: After one last 
burning look, she ran from the little thicket, off after 
her sister, and Snape looked miserable and confused. 



And the scene reformed. Harry looked around: He 
was on platform nine and threequarters, and Snape 
stood beside him, slightly hunched, next to a thin, 
sallowfaced, sourlooking woman who greatly 
resembled him. Snape was staring at a family of four 
a short distance away. The two girls stood a little 
apart from their parents. Lily seemed to be pleading 
with her sister; Harry moved closer to listen. 

"... Im sorry, Tuney, Im sorry! Listen   She caught 
her sisters hand and held tight to it, even though 
Petunia tried to pull it away. Maybe once Im there  
no, listen, Tuney! Maybe once Im there, Ill be able to 
go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to 
change his mind! 

I dont  want  to  go! said Petunia, and she 
dragged her hand back out of her sisters grasp. You 
think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to 
be a  a   

Her pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats 
mewling in their owners arms, over the owls 
fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the 
students, some already in their long black robes, 
loading trunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else 
greeting one another with glad cries after a summer 
apart. 

  756 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




  you think I want to be a  a freak? 

Lilys eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in 
tugging her hand away. 

Im not a freak, said Lily. Thats a horrible thing to 
say. 

Thats where youre going, said Petunia with relish. 
A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy 
... weirdos, thats what you two are. Its good youre 
being separated from normal people. Its for our 
safety. 

Lily glanced toward her parents, who were looking 
around the platform with an air of wholehearted 
enjoyment, drinking in the scene. Then she looked 
back at her sister, and her voice was low and fierce. 

You didnt think it was such a freaks school when 
you wrote to the headmaster and begged him to take 
you. 

Petunia turned scarlet. 

Beg? I didnt beg! 

I saw his reply. It was very kind. 

You shouldnt have read   whispered Petunia, that 
was my private  how could you  ? 

Lily gave herself away by halfglancing toward where 
Snape stood nearby. Petunia gasped. 

That boy found it! You and that boy have been 
sneaking in my room! 



  757 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No  not sneaking   Now Lily was on the 
defensive. Severus saw the envelope, and he couldnt 
believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, 
thats all! He says there must be wizards working 
undercover in the postal service who take care of   

Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere! 
said Petunia, now as pale as she had been flushed. 

 Freak). she spat at her sister, and she flounced off to 
where her parents stood. ... 

The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along 
the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clattered 
through the countryside. He had already changed into 
his school robes, had perhaps taken the first 
opportunity to take off his dreadful Muggle clothes. At 
last he stopped, outside a compartment in which a 
group of rowdy boys were talking. Hunched in a 
corner seat beside the window was Lily, her face 
pressed against the windowpane. 

Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down 
opposite Lily. She glanced at him and then looked 
back out of the window. She had been crying. 

I dont want to talk to you, she said in a constricted 
voice. 

Why not? 

Tuney hhates me. Because we saw that letter from 
Dumbledore. 

So what? 

She threw him a look of deep dislike. 

So shes my sister! 



  758 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Shes only a   He caught himself quickly; Lily, too 
busy trying to wipe her eyes without being noticed, 
did not hear him. 

But were going! he said, unable to suppress the 
exhilaration in his voice. This is it! Were off to 
Hogwarts! 

She nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of herself, 
she half smiled. 

Youd better be in Slytherin, said Snape, encouraged 
that she had brightened a little. 

Slytherin? 

One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had 
shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that 
point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose 
attention had been focused entirely on the two beside 
the window, saw his father: slight, blackhaired like 
Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been 
wellcaredfor, even adored, that Snape so 
conspicuously lacked. 

Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think Id leave, 
wouldnt you? James asked the boy lounging on the 
seats opposite him, and with a jolt, Harry realized 
that it was Sirius. Sirius did not smile. 

My whole family have been in Slytherin, he said. 

Blimey, said James, and I thought you seemed all 
right! 

Sirius grinned. 

Maybe Ill break the tradition. Where are you 
heading, if youve got the choice? 

  759 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




James lifted an invisible sword. 



 Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart! Like my 
dad. 

Snape made a small, disparaging noise. James turned 
on him. 

Got a problem with that? 

No, said Snape, though his slight sneer said 
otherwise. If youd rather be brawny than brainy   

Where re you hoping to go, seeing as youre neither? 
interjected Sirius. 

James roared with laughter. Lily sat up, rather 
flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike. 

Come on, Severus, lets find another compartment. 

Oooooo ... 

James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice; James tried 
to trip Snape as he passed. 

See ya, Snivellus! a voice called, as the 
compartment door slammed. ... 

And the scene dissolved once more. ... 

Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced 
the candlelit House tables, lined with rapt faces. Then 
Professor McGonagall said, Evans, Lily! 

He watched his mother walk forward on trembling 
legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. Professor 
McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto her head, 



  760 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and barely a second after it had touched the dark red 
hair, the hat cried,  Gryffindoii 



Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. Lily took off 
the hat, handed it back to Professor McGonagall, then 
hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors, but as she 
went she glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad 
little smile on her face. Harry saw Sirius move up the 
bench to make room for her. She took one look at 
him, seemed to recognize him from the train, folded 
her arms, and firmly turned her back on him. 

The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, 
Pettigrew, and his father join Lily and Sirius at the 
Gryffindor table. At last, when only a dozen students 
remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called 
Snape. 

Harry walked with him to the stool, watched him 
place the hat upon his head. Slytherinl cried the 
Sorting Hat. 

And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the 
Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherins were 
cheering him, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge 
gleaming upon his chest, patted Snape on the back as 
he sat down beside him. ... 

And the scene changed. ... 

Lily and Snape were walking across the castle 
courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch 
up with them, to listen in. As he reached them, he 
realized how much taller they both were: A few years 
seemed to have passed since their Sorting. 

"... thought we were supposed to be friends? Snape 
was saying. Best friends? 

  761 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




We are, Sev, but I dont like some of the people youre 
hanging round with! Im sorry, but I detest Avery and 
Mulciber! Mulciber\ What do you see in him, Sev, hes 
creepy! Dyou know what he tried to do to Mary 
Macdonald the other day? 

Lily had reached a pillar and leaned against it, 
looking up into the thin, sallow face. 

That was nothing, said Snape. It was a laugh, 
thats all   

It was Dark Magic, and if you think thats funny   

What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up 
to? demanded Snape. His color rose again as he said 
it, unable, it seemed, to hold in his resentment. 

Whats Potter got to do with anything? said Lily. 

They sneak out at night. Theres something weird 
about that Lupin. Where does he keep going? 

Hes ill, said Lily. They say hes ill   

Every month at the full moon? said Snape. 

I know your theory, said Lily, and she sounded cold. 
Why are you so obsessed with them anyway? Why do 
you care what theyre doing at night? 

Im just trying to show you theyre not as wonderful 
as everyone seems to think they are. 

The intensity of his gaze made her blush. 

They dont use Dark Magic, though. She dropped 
her voice. And youre being really ungrateful. I heard 
what happened the other night. You went sneaking 

  762 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow, and 
James Potter saved you from whatevers down there 



Snapes whole face contorted and he spluttered, 
Saved? Saved? You think he was playing the hero? 

He was saving his neck and his friends too! Youre 
not going to  I wont let you   

Let me? Let me? 

Lilys bright green eyes were slits. Snape backtracked 
at once. 

I didnt mean  I just dont want to see you made a 
fool of  He fancies you, James Potter fancies you! 
The words seemed wrenched from him against his 
will. And hes not ... everyone thinks ... big Quidditch 
hero   Snapes bitterness and dislike were rendering 
him incoherent, and Lilys eyebrows were traveling 
farther and farther up her forehead. 

I know James Potters an arrogant toerag, she said, 
cutting across Snape. I dont need you to tell me 
that. But Mulcibers and Averys idea of humor is just 
evil. Evil, Sev. I dont understand how you can be 
friends with them. 

Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her 
strictures on Mulciber and Avery. The moment she 
had insulted James Potter, his whole body had 
relaxed, and as they walked away there was a new 
spring in Snapes step. ... 

And the scene dissolved. ... 

Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after 
sitting his O.W.L. in Defense Against the Dark Arts, 
watched as he wandered away from the castle and 

  763 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




strayed inadvertently close to the place beneath the 
beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew 
sat together. But Harry kept his distance this time, 
because he knew what happened after James had 
hoisted Severus into the air and taunted him; he 
knew what had been done and said, and it gave him 
no pleasure to hear it again. ... He watched as Lily 
joined the group and went to Snapes defense. 
Distantly he heard Snape shout at her in his 
humiliation and his fury, the unforgivable word: 
MudbloocL. 

The scene changed. ... 

Im sorry. 

Im not interested. 

Im sorry! 

Save your breath. 

It was nighttime. Lily, who was wearing a dressing 
gown, stood with her arms folded in front of the 
portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor 
Tower. 

I only came out because Mary told me you were 
threatening to sleep here. 

I was. I would have done. I never meant to call you 
Mudblood, it just   

Slipped out? There was no pity in Lilys voice. Its 
too late. Ive made excuses for you for years. None of 
my friends can understand why I even talk to you. 
You and your precious little Death Eater friends  
you see, you dont even deny it! You dont even deny 



  764 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




thats what youre all aiming to be! You cant wait to 
join You Know Who, can you? 

He opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking. 

I cant pretend anymore. Youve chosen your way, 

Ive chosen mine. 

No  listen, I didnt mean   

  to call me Mudblood? But you call everyone of my 
birth Mudblood, Severus. Why should I be any 
different? 

He struggled on the verge of speech, but with a 
contemptuous look she turned and climbed back 
through the portrait hole. ... 

The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a little 
longer to reform: Harry seemed to fly through shifting 
shapes and colors until his surroundings solidified 
again and he stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in 
the darkness, the wind whistling through the 
branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was 
panting, turning on the spot, his wand gripped tightly 
in his hand, waiting for something or for someone. ... 
His fear infected Harry too, even though he knew that 
he could not be harmed, and he looked over his 
shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was 
waiting for  

Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through 
the air: Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had 
dropped to his knees and his wand had flown out of 
his hand. 

Dont kill me! 

That was not my intention. 

  765 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been 
drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. 

He stood before Snape with his robes whipping 
around him, and his face was illuminated from below 
in the light cast by his wand. 

Well, Severus? What message does Lord Voldemort 
have for me? 

No  no message  Im here on my own account! 

Snape was wringing his hands: He looked a little 
mad, with his straggling black hair flying around him. 

I  I come with a warning  no, a request  please 



Dumbledore flicked his wand. Though leaves and 
branches still flew through the night air around them, 
silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced 
each other. 

What request could a Death Eater make of me? 

The  the prophecy . . . the prediction . . . Trelawney 



Ah, yes, said Dumbledore. How much did you relay 
to Lord Voldemort? 

Everything  everything I heard! said Snape. That 
is why  it is for that reason  he thinks it means 
Lily Evans! 

The prophecy did not refer to a woman, said 
Dumbledore. It spoke of a boy born at the end of 
July   



  766 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You know what I mean! He thinks it means her son, 
he is going to hunt her down  kill them all   

If she means so much to you, said Dumbledore, 
surely Lord Voldemort will spare her? Could you not 
ask for mercy for the mother, in exchange for the 
son? 

I have  I have asked him   

You disgust me, said Dumbledore, and Harry had 
never heard so much contempt in his voice. Snape 
seemed to shrink a little. You do not care, then, 
about the deaths of her husband and child? They can 
die, as long as you have what you want? 

Snape said nothing, but merely looked up at 
Dumbledore. 

Hide them all, then, he croaked. Keep her  them 
 safe. Please. 

And what will you give me in return, Severus? 

In  in return? Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and 
Harry expected him to protest, but after a long 
moment he said, Anything. 

The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledores 
office, and something was making a terrible sound, 
like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forward 
in a chair and Dumbledore was standing over him, 
looking grim. After a moment or two, Snape raised his 
face, and he looked like a man who had lived a 
hundred years of misery since leaving the wild hilltop. 

I thought ... you were going ... to keep her ... safe. 



  767 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




She and James put their faith in the wrong person, 
said Dumbledore. Rather like you, Severus. Werent 
you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare her? 

Snapes breathing was shallow. 

Her boy survives, said Dumbledore. 

With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off 
an irksome fly. 

Her son lives. He has her eyes, precisely her eyes. 

You remember the shape and color of Lily Evanss 
eyes, I am sure? 

DONT! bellowed Snape. Gone ... dead ... 

Is this remorse, Severus? 

I wish ... I wish / were dead. ... 

And what use would that be to anyone? said 
Dumbledore coldly. If you loved Lily Evans, if you 
truly loved her, then your way forward is clear. 

Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and 
Dumbledore s words appeared to take a long time to 
reach him. 

What  what do you mean? 

You know how and why she died. Make sure it was 
not in vain. Help me protect Lilys son. 

He does not need protection. The Dark Lord has gone 



The Dark Lord will return, and Harry Potter will be in 
terrible danger when he does. 

  768 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




There was a long pause, and slowly Snape regained 
control of himself, mastered his own breathing. At 
last he said, Very well. Very well. But never  never 
tell, Dumbledore! This must be between us! Swear it! I 
cannot bear . . . especially Potters son ... I want your 
word! 

My word, Severus, that I shall never reveal the best 
of you? Dumbledore sighed, looking down into 
Snapes ferocious, anguished face. If you insist ... 

The office dissolved but reformed instantly. Snape 
was pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore. 

  mediocre, arrogant as his father, a determined 
rulebreaker, delighted to find himself famous, 
attentionseeking and impertinent   

You see what you expect to see, Severus, said 
Dumbledore, without raising his eyes from a copy of 
Transfiguration Today. Other teachers report that the 
boy is modest, likable, and reasonably talented. 
Personally, I find him an engaging child. 

Dumbledore turned a , and said, without looking 
up, Keep an eye on Quirrell, wont you? 

A whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and 
Snape and Dumbledore stood a little apart in the 
entrance hall, while the last stragglers from the Yule 
Ball passed them on their way to bed. 

Well? murmured Dumbledore. 

Karkaroffs Mark is becoming darker too. He is 
panicking, he fears retribution; you know how much 
help he gave the Ministry after the Dark Lord fell. 
Snape looked sideways at Dumbledore s crooked 



P a g e  769 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




nosed profile. Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark 
burns. 

Does he? said Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour 
and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. 
And are you tempted to join him? 

No, said Snape, his black eyes on Fleurs and 
Rogers retreating figures. I am not such a coward. 

No, agreed Dumbledore. You are a braver man by 
far than Igor Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think 
we Sort too soon. ... 

He walked away, leaving Snape looking stricken. ... 

And now Harry stood in the headmasters office yet 
again. It was nighttime, and Dumbledore sagged 
sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk, 
apparently semiconscious. His right hand dangled 
over the side, blackened and burned. Snape was 
muttering incantations, pointing his wand at the 
wrist of the hand, while with his left hand he tipped a 
goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore s 
throat. After a moment or two, Dumbledore s eyelids 
fluttered and opened. 

Why, said Snape, without preamble,  why did you 
put on that ring? It carries a curse, surely you 
realized that. Why even touch it? 

Marvolo Gaunts ring lay on the desk before 
Dumbledore. It was cracked; the sword of Gryffindor 
lay beside it. 

Dumbledore grimaced. 

I ... was a fool. Sorely tempted ... 



  770 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Tempted by what? 
Dumbledore did not answer. 



It is a miracle you managed to return here! Snape 
sounded furious. That ring carried a curse of 
extraordinary power, to contain it is all we can hope 
for; I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time 
being   

Dumbledore raised his blackened, useless hand, and 
examined it with the expression of one being shown 
an interesting curio. 

You have done very well, Severus. How long do you 
think I have? 

Dumbledore s tone was conversational; he might have 
been asking for a weather forecast. Snape hesitated, 
and then said, I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There is 
no halting such a spell forever. It will spread 
eventually, it is the sort of curse that strengthens over 
time. 

Dumbledore smiled. The news that he had less than a 
year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to 
him. 

I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, 
Severus. 

If you had only summoned me a little earlier, I might 
have been able to do more, buy you more time! said 
Snape furiously. He looked down at the broken ring 
and the sword. Did you think that breaking the ring 
would break the curse? 

Something like that ... I was delirious, no doubt. ... 
said Dumbledore. With an effort he straightened 

  771 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




himself in his chair. Well, really, this makes matters 
much more straightforward. 

Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore smiled. 

I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around 
me. His plan to have the poor Malfoy boy murder me. 

Snape sat down in the chair Harry had so often 
occupied, across the desk from Dumbledore. Harry 
could tell that he wanted to say more on the subject 
of Dumbledore s cursed hand, but the other held it up 
in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. 
Scowling, Snape said, The Dark Lord does not expect 
Draco to succeed. This is merely punishment for 
Luciuss recent failures. Slow torture for Dracos 
parents, while they watch him fail and pay the price. 

In short, the boy has had a death sentence 
pronounced upon him as surely as I have, said 
Dumbledore. Now, I should have thought the natural 
successor to the job, once Draco fails, is yourself? 

There was a short pause. 

That, I think, is the Dark Lords plan. 

Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future 
when he will not need a spy at Hogwarts? 

He believes the school will soon be in his grasp, yes. 

And if it does fall into his grasp, said Dumbledore, 
almost, it seemed, as an aside, I have your word that 
you will do all in your power to protect the students of 
Hogwarts? 

Snape gave a stiff nod. 



  772 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Good. Now then. Your first priority will be to discover 
what Draco is up to. A frightened teenage boy is a 
danger to others as well as to himself. Offer him help 
and guidance, he ought to accept, he likes you   

  much less since his father has lost favor. Draco 
blames me, he thinks I have usurped Luciuss 
position. 

All the same, try. I am concerned less for myself than 
for accidental victims of whatever schemes might 
occur to the boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only 
one thing to be done if we are to save him from Lord 
Voldemorts wrath. 

Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic 
as he asked, Are you intending to let him kill you? 

Certainly not. You must kill me. 

There was a long silence, broken only by an odd 
clicking noise. Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit 
of cuttlebone. 

Would you like me to do it now? asked Snape, his 
voice heavy with irony. Or would you like a few 
moments to compose an epitaph? 

Oh, not quite yet, said Dumbledore, smiling. I 
daresay the moment will present itself in due course. 
Given what has happened tonight, he indicated his 
withered hand, we can be sure that it will happen 
within a year. 

If you dont mind dying, said Snape roughly, why 
not let Draco do it? 



  773 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




That boys soul is not yet so damaged, said 
Dumbledore. I would not have it ripped apart on my 
account. 

And my soul, Dumbledore? Mine? 

You alone know whether it will harm your soul to 
help an old man avoid pain and humiliation, said 
Dumbledore. I ask this one great favor of you, 
Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as 
the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this years 
league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit 
to the protracted and messy affair it will be if, for 
instance, Greyback is involved  I hear Voldemort 
has recruited him? Or dear Bellatrix, who likes to 
play with her food before she eats it. 

His tone was light, but his blue eyes pierced Snape as 
they had frequently pierced Harry, as though the soul 
they discussed was visible to him. At last Snape gave 
another curt nod. 

Dumbledore seemed satisfied. 

Thank you, Severus ... 

The office disappeared, and now Snape and 
Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted 
castle grounds by twilight. 

What are you doing with Potter, all these evenings 
you are closeted together? Snape asked abruptly. 

Dumbledore looked weary. 

Why? You arent trying to give him more detentions, 
Severus? The boy will soon have spent more time in 
detention than out. 



  774 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He is his father over again   

In looks, perhaps, but his deepest nature is much 
more like his mothers. I spend time with Harry 
because I have things to discuss with him, 
information I must give him before it is too late. 

Information, repeated Snape. You trust him ... you 
do not trust me. 

It is not a question of trust. I have, as we both know, 
limited time. It is essential that I give the boy enough 
information for him to do what he needs to do. 

And why may I not have the same information? 

I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket, 
particularly not a basket that spends so much time 
dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort. 

Which I do on your orders! 

And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I 
underestimate the constant danger in which you 
place yourself, Severus. To give Voldemort what 
appears to be valuable information while withholding 
the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but 
you. 

Yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable 
of Occlumency, whose magic is mediocre, and who 
has a direct connection into the Dark Lords mind! 

Voldemort fears that connection, said Dumbledore. 
Not so long ago he had one small taste of what truly 
sharing Harrys mind means to him. It was pain such 
as he has never experienced. He will not try to 
possess Harry again, I am sure of it. Not in that way. 



  775 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I dont understand. 



Lord Voldemorts soul, maimed as it is, cannot bear 
close contact with a soul like Harrys. Like a tongue 
on frozen steel, like flesh in flame   

Souls? We were talking of minds! 

In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to speak of 
one is to speak of the other. 

Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they 
were alone. They were close by the Forbidden Forest 
now, but there was no sign of anyone near them. 

After you have killed me, Severus   

You refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that 
small service of me! snarled Snape, and real anger 
flared in the thin face now. You take a great deal for 
granted, Dumbledore! Perhaps I have changed my 
mind! 

You gave me your word, Severus. And while we are 
talking about services you owe me, I thought you 
agreed to keep a close eye on our young Slytherin 
friend? 

Snape looked angry, mutinous. Dumbledore sighed. 

Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and 
you shall not complain that I have no confidence in 
you. ... 

They were back in Dumbledore s office, the windows 
dark, and Fawkes sat silent as Snape sat quite still, 
as Dumbledore walked around him, talking. 



  776 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not 
until it is necessary, otherwise how could he have the 
strength to do what must be done? 

But what must he do? 

That is between Harry and me. Now listen closely, 
Severus. There will come a time  after my death  
do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time 
when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of 
his snake. 

For Nagini? Snape looked astonished. 

Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort 
stops sending that snake forth to do his bidding, but 
keeps it safe beside him under magical protection, 
then, I think, it will be safe to tell Harry. 

Tell him what? 

Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes. 

Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill 
him, when Lily cast her own life between them as a 
shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord 
Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemorts soul was 
blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself onto 
the only living soul left in that collapsing building. 

Part of Lord Voldemort lives inside Harry, and it is 
that which gives him the power of speech with 
snakes, and a connection with Lord Voldemorts mind 
that he has never understood. And while that 
fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains 
attached to and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort 
cannot die. 



  777 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one 
end of a long tunnel, they were so far away from him, 
their voices echoing strangely in his ears. 

So the boy . . . the boy must die? asked Snape quite 
calmly. 

And Voldemort himself must do it, Severus. That is 
essential. 

Another long silence. Then Snape said, I thought ... 
all these years . . . that we were protecting him for her. 
For Lily. 

We have protected him because it has been essential 
to teach him, to raise him, to let him try his strength, 
said Dumbledore, his eyes still tight shut. 

Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever 
stronger, a parasitic growth: Sometimes I have 
thought he suspects it himself. If I know him, he will 
have arranged matters so that when he does set out 
to meet his death, it will truly mean the end of 
Voldemort. 

Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified. 

You have kept him alive so that he can die at the 
right moment? 

Dont be shocked, Severus. How many men and 
women have you watched die? 

Lately, only those whom I could not save, said 
Snape. He stood up. You have used me. 

Meaning? 

I have spied for you and lied for you, put myself in 
mortal danger for you. Everything was supposed to be 

  778 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




to keep Lily Potters son safe. Now you tell me you 
have been raising him like a pig for slaughter   

But this is touching, Severus, said Dumbledore 
seriously. Have you grown to care for the boy, after 
all? 

For him? shouted Snape. Expecto Patronuml 

From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe: She 
landed on the office floor, bounded once across the 
office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore 
watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded 
he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of 
tears. 

After all this time? 

Always, said Snape. 

And the scene shifted. Now, Harry saw Snape talking 
to the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk. 

You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of 
Harrys departure from his aunt and uncles, said 
Dumbledore. Not to do so will raise suspicion, when 
Voldemort believes you so well informed. However, 
you must plant the idea of decoys; that, I think, ought 
to ensure Harrys safety. Try Confunding Mundungus 
Fletcher. And Severus, if you are forced to take part 
in the chase, be sure to act your part convincingly. ... 

I am counting upon you to remain in Lord 
Voldemorts good books as long as possible, or 
Hogwarts will be left to the mercy of the Carrows. ... 

Now Snape was head to head with Mundungus in an 
unfamiliar tavern, Mundungus s face looking 
curiously blank, Snape frowning in concentration. 



  779 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You will suggest to the Order of the Phoenix, Snape 
murmured, that they use decoys. Polyjuice Potion. 
Identical Potters. It is the only thing that might work. 
You will forget that I have suggested this. You will 
present it as your own idea. You understand? 

I understand, murmured Mundungus, his eyes 
unfocused. ... 

Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a 
broomstick through a clear dark night: He was 
accompanied by other hooded Death Eaters, and 
ahead were Lupin and a Harry who was really George. 
... A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised 
his wand, pointing it directly at Lupins back  

 Sectumsemprcd shouted Snape. 

But the spell, intended for the Death Eaters wand 
hand, missed and hit George instead  

And next, Snape was kneeling in Siriuss old 
bedroom. Tears were dripping from the end of his 
hooked nose as he read the old letter from Lily. The 
second  carried only a few words: 

could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. 

I think her minds going, personally! 

Lots of love, 

Lily 

Snape took the  bearing Lilys signature, and her 
love, and tucked it inside his robes. Then he ripped in 
two the photograph he was also holding, so that he 
kept the part from which Lily laughed, throwing the 
portion showing James and Harry back onto the floor, 
under the chest of drawers. ... 

  780 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And now Snape stood again in the headmasters 
study as Phineas Nigellus came hurrying into his 
portrait. 

Headmaster! They are camping in the Forest of Dean! 
The Mudblood   

Do not use that word! 

  the Granger girl, then, mentioned the place as she 
opened her bag and I heard her! 

Good. Very good! cried the portrait of Dumbledore 
behind the headmasters chair. Now, Severus, the 
sword! Do not forget that it must be taken under 
conditions of need and valor  and he must not know 
that you give it! If Voldemort should read Harrys 
mind and see you acting for him   

I know, said Snape curtly. He approached the 
portrait of Dumbledore and pulled at its side. It 
swung forward, revealing a hidden cavity behind it 
from which he took the sword of Gryffindor. 

And you still arent going to tell me why its so 
important to give Potter the sword? said Snape as he 
swung a traveling cloak over his robes. 

No, I dont think so, said Dumbledores portrait. He 
will know what to do with it. And Severus, be very 
careful, they may not take kindly to your appearance 
after George Weasleys mishap   

Snape turned at the door. 

Dont worry, Dumbledore, he said coolly. I have a 
plan. ... 



  781 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




And Snape left the room. Harry rose up out of the 
Pensieve, and moments later he lay on the carpeted 
floor in exactly the same room: Snape might just have 
closed the door. 



  782 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE FOREST AGAIN 

Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the 
dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought 
he was learning the secrets of victory, Harry 
understood at last that he was not supposed to 
survive. His job was to walk calmly into Deaths 
welcoming arms. Along the way, he was to dispose of 
Voldemorts remaining links to life, so that when at 
last he flung himself across Voldemorts path, and did 
not raise a wand to defend himself, the end would be 
clean, and the job that ought to have been done in 
Godrics Hollow would be finished: Neither would live, 
neither could survive. 

He felt his heart pounding fiercely in his chest. How 
strange that in his dread of death, it pumped all the 
harder, valiantly keeping him alive. But it would have 
to stop, and soon. Its beats were numbered. How 
many would there be time for, as he rose and walked 
through the castle for the last time, out into the 
grounds and into the forest? 



  783 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



Terror washed over him as he lay on the floor, with 
that funeral drum pounding inside him. Would it hurt 
to die? All those times he had thought that it was 
about to happen and escaped, he had never really 
thought of the thing itself: His will to live had always 
been so much stronger than his fear of death. Yet it 
did not occur to him now to try to escape, to outrun 
Voldemort. It was over, he knew it, and all that was 
left was the thing itself: dying. 

If he could only have died on that summers night 
when he had left number four, Privet Drive, for the 
last time, when the noble phoenixfeather wand had 
saved him! If he could only have died like Hedwig, so 
quickly he would not have known it had happened! 

Or if he could have launched himself in front of a 
wand to save someone he loved. ... He envied even his 
parents deaths now. This coldblooded walk to his 
own destruction would require a different kind of 
bravery. He felt his fingers trembling slightly and 
made an effort to control them, although no one could 
see him; the portraits on the walls were all empty. 

Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so he felt 
more alive and more aware of his own living body 
than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what 
a miracle he was, brain and nerve and bounding 
heart? It would all be gone ... or at least, he would be 
gone from it. His breath came slow and deep, and his 
mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were 
his eyes. 

Dumbledores betrayal was almost nothing. Of course 
there had been a bigger plan; Harry had simply been 
too foolish to see it, he realized that now. He had 
never questioned his own assumption that 
Dumbledore wanted him alive. Now he saw that his 
life span had always been determined by how long it 
took to eliminate all the Horcruxes. Dumbledore had 
  784 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




passed the job of destroying them to him, and 
obediently he had continued to chip away at the 
bonds tying not only Voldemort, but himself, to life! 
How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, 
but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had 
already been marked for slaughter, and whose death 
would not be a calamity, but another blow against 
Voldemort. 

And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not 
duck out, that he would keep going to the end, even 
though it was his end, because he had taken trouble 
to get to know him, hadnt he? Dumbledore knew, as 
Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else 
die for him now that he had discovered it was in his 
power to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin, and 
Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way 
back into his minds eye, and for a moment he could 
hardly breathe: Death was impatient. ... 

But Dumbledore had overestimated him. He had 
failed: The snake survived. One Horcrux remained to 
bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had 
been killed. True, that would mean an easier job for 
somebody. He wondered who would do it. ... Ron and 
Hermione would know what needed to be done, of 
course. ... That would have been why Dumbledore 
wanted him to confide in two others ... so that if he 
fulfilled his true destiny a little early, they could carry 
on. ... 

Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered 
against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth, 
which was that he must die. I must die. It must end. 

Ron and Hermione seemed a long way away, in a far 
off country; he felt as though he had parted from 
them long ago. There would be no goodbyes and no 
explanations, he was determined of that. This was a 

  785 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




journey they could not take together, and the 
attempts they would make to stop him would waste 
valuable time. He looked down at the battered gold 
watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. 
Nearly half of the hour allotted by Voldemort for his 
surrender had elapsed. 

He stood up. His heart was leaping against his ribs 
like a frantic bird. Perhaps it knew it had little time 
left, perhaps it was determined to fulfill a lifetimes 
beats before the end. He did not look back as he 
closed the office door. 

The castle was empty. He felt ghostly striding through 
it alone, as if he had already died. The portrait people 
were still missing from their frames; the whole place 
was eerily still, as if all its remaining lifeblood were 
concentrated in the Great Hall where the dead and 
the mourners were crammed. 

Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over himself and 
descended through the floors, at last walking down 
the marble staircase into the entrance hall. Perhaps 
some tiny part of him hoped to be sensed, to be seen, 
to be stopped, but the Cloak was, as ever, 
impenetrable, perfect, and he reached the front doors 
easily. 

Then Neville nearly walked into him. He was one half 
of a pair that was carrying a body in from the 
grounds. Harry glanced down and felt another dull 
blow to his stomach: Colin Creevey, though underage, 
must have sneaked back just as Malfoy, Crabbe, and 
Goyle had done. He was tiny in death. 

You know what? I can manage him alone, Neville, 
said Oliver Wood, and he heaved Colin over his 
shoulder in a firemans lift and carried him into the 
Great Hall. 

  786 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Neville leaned against the door frame for a moment 
and wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. He 
looked like an old man. Then he set off down the 
steps again into the darkness to recover more bodies. 

Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the 
Great Hall. People were moving around, trying to 
comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the 
dead, but he could not see any of the people he loved, 
no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other 
Weasleys, no Luna. He felt he would have given all the 
time remaining to him for just one last look at them; 
but then, would he ever have the strength to stop 
looking? It was better like this. 

He moved down the steps and out into the darkness. 

It was nearly four in the morning, and the deathly 
stillness of the grounds felt as though they were 
holding their breath, waiting to see whether he could 
do what he must. 

Harry moved toward Neville, who was bending over 
another body. 

Neville. 

Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure! 

Harry had pulled off the Cloak: The idea had come to 
him out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make 
absolutely sure. 

Where are you going, alone? Neville asked 
suspiciously. 

Its all part of the plan, said Harry. Theres 
something Ive got to do. Listen  Neville   



  787 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry! Neville looked suddenly scared. Harry, 
youre not thinking of handing yourself over? 



No, Harry lied easily.  Course not ... this is 
something else. But I might be out of sight for a while. 
You know Voldemorts snake, Neville? Hes got a huge 
snake. ... Calls it Nagini ... 

Ive heard, yeah. ... What about it? 

Its got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, 
but just in case they   

The awfulness of that possibility smothered him for a 
moment, made it impossible to keep talking. But he 
pulled himself together again: This was crucial, he 
must be like Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make 
sure there were backups, others to carry on. 
Dumbledore had died knowing that three people still 
knew about the Horcruxes; now Neville would take 
Harrys place: There would still be three in the secret. 

Just in case theyre  busy  and you get the 
chance   

Kill the snake? 

Kill the snake, Harry repeated. 

All right, Harry. Youre okay, are you? 

Im fine. Thanks, Neville. 

But Neville seized his wrist as Harry made to move 
on. 

Were all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know 
that? 

  788 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Yeah, I   



The suffocating feeling extinguished the end of the 
sentence; he could not go on. Neville did not seem to 
find it strange. He patted Harry on the shoulder, 
released him, and walked away to look for more 
bodies. 

Harry swung the Cloak back over himself and walked 
on. Someone else was moving not far away, stooping 
over another prone figure on the ground. He was feet 
away from her when he realized it was Ginny. 

He stopped in his tracks. She was crouching over a 
girl who was whispering for her mother. 

Its all right, Ginny was saying. Its okay. Were 
going to get you inside. 

But I want to go home, whispered the girl. I dont 
want to fight anymore! 

I know, said Ginny, and her voice broke. Its going 
to be all right. 

Ripples of cold undulated over Harrys skin. He 
wanted to shout out to the night, he wanted Ginny to 
know that he was there, he wanted her to know where 
he was going. He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged 
back, to be sent back home. ... 

But he was home. Hogwarts was the first and best 
home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, 
the abandoned boys, had all found home here. ... 

Ginny was kneeling beside the injured girl now, 
holding her hand. With a huge effort Harry forced 
himself on. He thought he saw Ginny look around as 
he passed, and wondered whether she had sensed 

  789 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




someone walking nearby, but he did not speak, and 
he did not look back. 

Hagrids hut loomed out of the darkness. There were 
no lights, no sound of Fang scrabbling at the door, 
his bark booming in welcome. All those visits to 
Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, 
and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great 
bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione 
helping him save Norbert ... 

He moved on, and now he reached the edge of the 
forest, and he stopped. 

A swarm of dementors was gliding amongst the trees; 
he could feel their chill, and he was not sure he would 
be able to pass safely through it. He had no strength 
left for a Patronus. He could no longer control his own 
trembling. It was not, after all, so easy to die. Every 
second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool 
air on his face, was so precious: To think that people 
had years and years, time to waste, so much time it 
dragged, and he was clinging to each second. At the 
same time he thought that he would not be able to go 
on, and knew that he must. The long game was 
ended, the Snitch had been caught, it was time to 
leave the air. ... 

The Snitch. His nerveless fingers fumbled for a 
moment with the pouch at his neck and he pulled it 
out. 

I open at the close. 

Breathing fast and hard, he stared down at it. Now 
that he wanted time to move as slowly as possible, it 
seemed to have sped up, and understanding was 
coming so fast it seemed to have bypassed thought. 
This was the close. This was the moment. 

  790 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He pressed the golden metal to his lips and 
whispered, I am about to die. 

The metal shell broke open. He lowered his shaking 
hand, raised Dracos wand beneath the Cloak, and 
murmured, Lumos. 

The black stone with its jagged crack running down 
the center sat in the two halves of the Snitch. The 
Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line 
representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle 
representing the Cloak and the stone were still 
discernible. 

And again Harry understood without having to think. 
It did not matter about bringing them back, for he 
was about to join them. He was not really fetching 
them: They were fetching him. 

He closed his eyes and turned the stone over in his 
hand three times. 

He knew it had happened, because he heard slight 
movements around him that suggested frail bodies 
shifting their footing on the earthy, twig strewn 
ground that marked the outer edge of the forest. He 
opened his eyes and looked around. 

They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, he could see 
that. They resembled most closely the Riddle that had 
escaped from the diary so long ago, and he had been 
memory made nearly solid. Less substantial than 
living bodies, but much more than ghosts, they 
moved toward him, and on each face, there was the 
same loving smile. 

James was exactly the same height as Harry. He was 
wearing the clothes in which he had died, and his 



  791 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




hair was untidy and ruffled, and his glasses were a 
little lopsided, like Mr. Weasleys. 

Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far 
than Harry had seen him in life. He loped with an 
easy grace, his hands in his pockets and a grin on his 
face. 

Lupin was younger too, and much less shabby, and 
his hair was thicker and darker. He looked happy to 
be back in this familiar place, scene of so many 
adolescent wanderings. 

Lilys smile was widest of all. She pushed her long 
hair back as she drew close to him, and her green 
eyes, so like his, searched his face hungrily, as 
though she would never be able to look at him 
enough. 

Youve been so brave. 

He could not speak. His eyes feasted on her, and he 
thought that he would like to stand and look at her 
forever, and that would be enough. 

You are nearly there, said James. Very close. We 
are ... so proud of you. 

Does it hurt? 

The childish question had fallen from Harrys lips 
before he could stop it. 

Dying? Not at all, said Sirius. Quicker and easier 
than falling asleep. 

And he will want it to be quick. He wants it over, 
said Lupin. 



  792 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I didnt want you to die, Harry said. These words 
came without his volition. Any of you. Im sorry   



He addressed Lupin more than any of them, 
beseeching him. 

  right after youd had your son ... Remus, Im sorry 



I am sorry too, said Lupin. Sorry I will never know 
him . . . but he will know why I died and I hope he will 
understand. I was trying to make a world in which he 
could live a happier life. 

A chilly breeze that seemed to emanate from the heart 
of the forest lifted the hair at Harrys brow. He knew 
that they would not tell him to go, that it would have 
to be his decision. 

Youll stay with me? 

Until the very end, said James. 

They wont be able to see you? asked Harry. 

We are part of you, said Sirius. Invisible to anyone 
else. 

Harry looked at his mother. 

Stay close to me, he said quietly. 

And he set off. The dementors chill did not overcome 
him; he passed through it with his companions, and 
they acted like Patronuses to him, and together they 
marched through the old trees that grew closely 
together, their branches tangled, their roots gnarled 
and twisted underfoot. Harry clutched the Cloak 
tightly around him in the darkness, traveling deeper 
  793 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




and deeper into the forest, with no idea where exactly 
Voldemort was, but sure that he would find him. 
Beside him, making scarcely a sound, walked James, 
Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was his 
courage, and the reason he was able to keep putting 
one foot in front of the other. 

His body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, his 
limbs working without conscious instruction, as if he 
were passenger, not driver, in the body he was about 
to leave. The dead who walked beside him through 
the forest were much more real to him now than the 
living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and 
all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as he 
stumbled and slipped toward the end of his life, 
toward Voldemort. ... 

A thud and a whisper: Some other living creature had 
stirred close by. Harry stopped under the Cloak, 
peering around, listening, and his mother and father, 
Lupin and Sirius stopped too. 

Someone there, came a rough whisper close at 
hand. Hes got an Invisibility Cloak. Could it be  ? 

Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree: Their 
wands flared, and Harry saw Yaxley and Dolohov 
peering into the darkness, directly at the place Harry, 
his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood. 
Apparently they could not see anything. 

Definitely heard something, said Yaxley. Animal, 
dyou reckon? 

That head case Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuff in 
here, said Dolohov, glancing over his shoulder. 

Yaxley looked down at his watch. 



  794 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Times nearly up. Potters had his hour. Hes not 
coming. 

And he was sure hed come! He wont be happy. 

Better go back, said Yaxley. Find out what the plan 
is now. 

He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the 
forest. Harry followed them, knowing that they would 
lead him exactly where he wanted to go. He glanced 
sideways, and his mother smiled at him, and his 
father nodded encouragement. 

They had traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw 
light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into 
a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where 
the monstrous Aragog had once lived. The remnants 
of his vast web were there still, but the swarm of 
descendants he had spawned had been driven out by 
the Death Eaters, to fight for their cause. 

A fire burned in the middle of the clearing, and its 
flickering light fell over a crowd of completely silent, 
watchful Death Eaters. Some of them were still 
masked and hooded; others showed their faces. Two 
giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting 
massive shadows over the scene, their faces cruel, 
roughhewn like rock. Harry saw Fenrir, skulking, 
chewing his long nails; the great blond Rowle was 
dabbing at his bleeding lip. He saw Lucius Malfoy, 
who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa, 
whose eyes were sunken and full of apprehension. 

Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood with 
his head bowed, and his white hands folded over the 
Elder Wand in front of him. He might have been 
praying, or else counting silently in his mind, and 
Harry, standing still on the edge of the scene, thought 
  795 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




absurdly of a child counting in a game of hideand 
seek. Behind his head, still swirling and coiling, the 
great snake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed 
cage, like a monstrous halo. 

When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, 
Voldemort looked up. 

No sign of him, my Lord, said Dolohov. 

Voldemort s expression did not change. The red eyes 
seemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly he drew the 
Elder Wand between his long fingers. 

My Lord   

Bellatrix had spoken: She sat closest to Voldemort, 
disheveled, her face a little bloody but otherwise 
unharmed. 

Voldemort raised his hand to silence her, and she did 
not speak another word, but eyed him in worshipful 
fascination. 

I thought he would come, said Voldemort in his 
high, clear voice, his eyes on the leaping flames. I 
expected him to come. 

Nobody spoke. They seemed as scared as Harry, 
whose heart was now throwing itself against his ribs 
as though determined to escape the body he was 
about to cast aside. His hands were sweating as he 
pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath 
his robes, with his wand. He did not want to be 
tempted to fight. 

I was, it seems ... mistaken, said Voldemort. 

You werent. 

  796 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry said it as loudly as he could, with all the force 
he could muster: He did not want to sound afraid. 

The Resurrection Stone slipped from between his 
numb fingers, and out of the corner of his eyes he 
saw his parents, Sirius, and Lupin vanish as he 
stepped forward into the firelight. At that moment he 
felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. It was just 
the two of them. 

The illusion was gone as soon as it had come. The 
giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and 
there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. 
Voldemort had frozen where he stood, but his red 
eyes had found Harry, and he stared as Harry moved 
toward him, with nothing but the fire between them. 

Then a voice yelled: HARRY! NO! 

He turned: Hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a 
tree nearby. His massive body shook the branches 
overhead as he struggled, desperate. 

NO! NO! HARRY, WHATRE YEH  ? 

QUIET! shouted Rowle, and with a flick of his wand 
Hagrid was silenced. 

Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking 
eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her breast heaving. 
The only things that moved were the flames and the 
snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage 
behind Voldemorts head. 

Harry could feel his wand against his chest, but he 
made no attempt to draw it. He knew that the snake 
was too well protected, knew that if he managed to 
point the wand at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him 
first. And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each 
other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to 
  797 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the side, considering the boy standing before him, 
and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless 
mouth. 

Harry Potter, he said very softly. His voice might 
have been part of the spitting fire. The Boy Who 
Lived. 

None of the Death Eaters moved. They were waiting: 
Everything was waiting. Hagrid was struggling, and 
Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably 
of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lips 
on his  

Voldemort had raised his wand. His head was still 
tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what 
would happen if he proceeded. Harry looked back into 
the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, 
while he could still stand, before he lost control, 
before he betrayed fear  

He saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, 
and everything was gone. 



  798 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






KINGS CROSS 

He lay facedown, listening to the silence. He was 
perfectly alone. Nobody was watching. Nobody else 
was there. He was not perfectly sure that he was 
there himself. 

A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to 
him that he must exist, must be more than 
disembodied thought, because he was lying, definitely 
lying, on some surface. Therefore he had a sense of 
touch, and the thing against which he lay existed too. 

Almost as soon as he had reached this conclusion, 
Harry became conscious that he was naked. 
Convinced as he was of his total solitude, this did not 
concern him, but it did intrigue him slightly. He 
wondered whether, as he could feel, he would be able 
to see. In opening them, he discovered that he had 
eyes. 

He lay in a bright mist, though it was not like mist he 
had ever experienced before. His surroundings were 
not hidden by cloudy vapor; rather the cloudy vapor 

  799 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



had not yet formed into surroundings. The floor on 
which he lay seemed to be white, neither warm nor 
cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on 
which to be. 

He sat up. His body appeared unscathed. He touched 
his face. He was not wearing glasses anymore. 

Then a noise reached him through the unformed 
nothingness that surrounded him: the small soft 
thumpings of something that flapped, flailed, and 
struggled. It was a pitiful noise, yet also slightly 
indecent. He had the uncomfortable feeling that he 
was eavesdropping on something furtive, shameful. 

For the first time, he wished he were clothed. 

Barely had the wish formed in his head than robes 
appeared a short distance away. He took them and 
pulled them on: They were soft, clean, and warm. It 
was extraordinary how they had appeared, just like 
that, the moment he had wanted them. ... 

He stood up, looking around. Was he in some great 
Room of Requirement? The longer he looked, the more 
there was to see. A great domed glass roof glittered 
high above him in sunlight. Perhaps it was a palace. 
All was hushed and still, except for those odd 
thumping and whimpering noises coming from 
somewhere close by in the mist. ... 

Harry turned slowly on the spot, and his 
surroundings seemed to invent themselves before his 
eyes. A wideopen space, bright and clean, a hall 
larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear, 
domed glass ceiling. It was quite empty. He was the 
only person there, except for  



  800 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He recoiled. He had spotted the thing that was 
making the noises. It had the form of a small, naked 
child, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, 
flayedlooking, and it lay shuddering under a seat 
where it had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, 
struggling for breath. 

He was afraid of it. Small and fragile and wounded 
though it was, he did not want to approach it. 
Nevertheless he drew slowly nearer, ready to jump 
back at any moment. Soon he stood near enough to 
touch it, yet he could not bring himself to do it. He 
felt like a coward. He ought to comfort it, but it 
repulsed him. 

You cannot help. 

He spun around. Albus Dumbledore was walking 
toward him, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping 
robes of midnight blue. 

Harry. He spread his arms wide, and his hands were 
both whole and white and undamaged. You 
wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk. 

Stunned, Harry followed as Dumbledore strode away 
from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading 
him to two seats that Harry had not previously 
noticed, set some distance away under that high, 
sparkling ceiling. Dumbledore sat down in one of 
them, and Harry fell into the other, staring at his old 
headmasters face. Dumbledore s long silver hair and 
beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind halfmoon 
spectacles, the crooked nose: Everything was as he 
had remembered it. And yet... 

But youre dead, said Harry. 

Oh yes, said Dumbledore matteroffactly. 

  801 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Then ... Im dead too? 



Ah, said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. 
That is the question, isnt it? On the whole, dear boy, 
I think not. 

They looked at each other, the old man still beaming. 
Not? repeated Harry. 

Not, said Dumbledore. 

But ... Harry raised his hand instinctively toward 
the lightning scar. It did not seem to be there. But I 
should have died  I didnt defend myself! I meant to 
let him kill me! 

And that, said Dumbledore, will, I think, have 
made all the difference. 

Happiness seemed to radiate from Dumbledore like 
light, like fire: Harry had never seen the man so 
utterly, so palpably content. 

Explain, said Harry. 

But you already know, said Dumbledore. He 
twiddled his thumbs together. 

I let him kill me, said Harry. Didnt I? 

You did, said Dumbledore, nodding. Go on! 

So the part of his soul that was in me ... 

Dumbledore nodded still more enthusiastically, 
urging Harry onward, a broad smile of encouragement 
on his face. 



  802 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




"... has it gone? 



Oh yes! said Dumbledore. Yes, he destroyed it. 

Your soul is whole, and completely your own, Harry. 

But then ... 

Harry glanced over his shoulder to where the small, 
maimed creature trembled under the chair. 

What is that, Professor? 

Something that is beyond either of our help, said 
Dumbledore. 

But if Voldemort used the Killing Curse, Harry 
started again, and nobody died for me this time  
how can I be alive? 

I think you know, said Dumbledore. Think back. 
Remember what he did, in his ignorance, in his greed 
and his cruelty. 

Harry thought. He let his gaze drift over his 
surroundings. If it was indeed a palace in which they 
sat, it was an odd one, with chairs set in little rows 
and bits of railing here and there, and still, he and 
Dumbledore and the stunted creature under the chair 
were the only beings there. Then the answer rose to 
his lips easily, without effort. 

He took my blood, said Harry. 

Precisely! said Dumbledore. He took your blood and 
rebuilt his living body with it! Your blood in his veins, 
Harry, Lilys protection inside both of you! He tethered 
you to life while he lives! 



  803 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I live . . . while he lives? But I thought ... I thought it 
was the other way round! I thought we both had to 
die? Or is it the same thing? 

He was distracted by the whimpering and thumping 
of the agonized creature behind them and glanced 
back at it yet again. 

Are you sure we cant do anything? 

There is no help possible. 

Then explain ... more, said Harry, and Dumbledore 
smiled. 

You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux 
he never meant to make. He had rendered his soul so 
unstable that it broke apart when he committed those 
acts of unspeakable evil, the murder of your parents, 
the attempted killing of a child. But what escaped 
from that room was even less than he knew. He left 
more than his body behind. He left part of himself 
latched to you, the wouldbe victim who had survived. 

And his knowledge remained woefully incomplete, 
Harry! That which Voldemort does not value, he takes 
no trouble to comprehend. Of houseelves and 
childrens tales, of love, loyalty, and innocence, 
Voldemort knows and understands nothing. Nothing. 
That they all have a power beyond his own, a power 
beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth he has 
never grasped. 

He took your blood believing it would strengthen 
him. He took into his body a tiny part of the 
enchantment your mother laid upon you when she 
died for you. His body keeps her sacrifice alive, and 
while that enchantment survives, so do you and so 
does Voldemorts one last hope for himself. 

  804 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at 
him. 



And you knew this? You knew  all along? 

I guessed. But my guesses have usually been good, 
said Dumbledore happily, and they sat in silence for 
what seemed like a long time, while the creature 
behind them continued to whimper and tremble. 

Theres more, said Harry. Theres more to it. Why 
did my wand break the wand he borrowed? 

As to that, I cannot be sure. 

Have a guess, then, said Harry, and Dumbledore 
laughed. 

What you must understand, Harry, is that you and 
Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realms 
of magic hitherto unknown and untested. But here is 
what I think happened, and it is unprecedented, and 
no wandmaker could, I think, ever have predicted it 
or explained it to Voldemort. 

Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord 
Voldemort doubled the bond between you when he 
returned to a human form. A part of his soul was still 
attached to yours, and, thinking to strengthen 
himself, he took a part of your mothers sacrifice into 
himself. If he could only have understood the precise 
and terrible power of that sacrifice, he would not, 
perhaps, have dared to touch your blood. ... But then, 
if he had been able to understand, he could not be 
Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at 
all. 

Having ensured this twofold connection, having 
wrapped your destinies together more securely than 

  805 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




ever two wizards were joined in history, Voldemort 
proceeded to attack you with a wand that shared a 
core with yours. And now something very strange 
happened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way 
that Lord Voldemort, who never knew that your wand 
was twin of his, had never expected. 

He was more afraid than you were that night, Harry. 
You had accepted, even embraced, the possibility of 
death, something Lord Voldemort has never been able 
to do. Your courage won, your wand overpowered his. 
And in doing so, something happened between those 
wands, something that echoed the relationship 
between their masters. 

I believe that your wand imbibed some of the power 
and qualities of Voldemorts wand that night, which is 
to say that it contained a little of Voldemort himself. 
So your wand recognized him when he pursued you, 
recognized a man who was both kin and mortal 
enemy, and it regurgitated some of his own magic 
against him, magic much more powerful than 
anything Luciuss wand had ever performed. Your 
wand now contained the power of your enormous 
courage and of Voldemorts own deadly skill: What 
chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoys stand? 

But if my wand was so powerful, how come 
Hermione was able to break it? asked Harry. 

My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed 
only at Voldemort, who had tampered so illadvisedly 
with the deepest laws of magic. Only toward him was 
that wand abnormally powerful. Otherwise it was a 
wand like any other ... though a good one, I am sure, 
Dumbledore finished kindly. 



  806 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry sat in thought for a long time, or perhaps 
seconds. It was very hard to be sure of things like 
time, here. 

He killed me with your wand. 

He failed to kill you with my wand, Dumbledore 
corrected Harry. I think we can agree that you are 
not dead  though, of course, he added, as if fearing 
he had been discourteous, I do not minimize your 
sufferings, which I am sure were severe. 

I feel great at the moment, though, said Harry, 
looking down at his clean, unblemished hands. 
Where are we, exactly? 

Well, I was going to ask you that, said Dumbledore, 
looking around. Where would you say that we are? 

Until Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. 
Now, however, he found that he had an answer ready 
to give. 

It looks, he said slowly, like Kings Cross station. 
Except a lot cleaner and empty, and there are no 
trains as far as I can see. 

Kings Cross station! Dumbledore was chuckling 
immoderately. Good gracious, really? 

Well, where do you think we are? asked Harry, a 
little defensively. 

My dear boy, I have no idea. This is, as they say, 
your party. 

Harry had no idea what this meant; Dumbledore was 
being infuriating. He glared at him, then remembered 



  807 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




a much more pressing question than that of their 
current location. 

The Deathly Hallows, he said, and he was glad to 
see that the words wiped the smile from 
Dumbledores face. 

Ah, yes, he said. He even looked a little worried. 
Well? 

For the first time since Harry had met Dumbledore, 
he looked less than an old man, much less. He looked 
fleetingly like a small boy caught in wrongdoing. 

Can you forgive me? he said. Can you forgive me 
for not trusting you? For not telling you? Harry, I only 
feared that you would fail as I had failed. I only 
dreaded that you would make my mistakes. I crave 
your pardon, Harry. I have known, for some time now, 
that you are the better man. 

What are you talking about? asked Harry, startled 
by Dumbledores tone, by the sudden tears in his 
eyes. 

The Hallows, the Hallows, murmured Dumbledore. 
A desperate mans dream! 

But theyre real! 

Real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools, said 
Dumbledore. And I was such a fool. But you know, 
dont you? I have no secrets from you anymore. You 
know. 

What do I know? 



  808 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dumbledore turned his whole body to face Harry, and 
tears still sparkled in the brilliantly blue eyes. 



Master of death, Harry, master of Death! Was I 
better, ultimately, than Voldemort? 

Of course you were, said Harry. Of course  how 
can you ask that? You never killed if you could avoid 
it! 



True, true, said Dumbledore, and he was like a 
child seeking reassurance. Yet I too sought a way to 
conquer death, Harry. 

Not the way he did, said Harry. After all his anger at 
Dumbledore, how odd it was to sit here, beneath the 
high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore from 
himself. Hallows, not Horcruxes. 

Hallows, murmured Dumbledore, not Horcruxes. 
Precisely. 

There was a pause. The creature behind them 
whimpered, but Harry no longer looked around. 

Grindelwald was looking for them too? he asked. 

Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment and 
nodded. 

It was the thing, above all, that drew us together, he 
said quietly. Two clever, arrogant boys with a shared 
obsession. He wanted to come to Godrics Hollow, as I 
am sure you have guessed, because of the grave of 
Ignotus Peverell. He wanted to explore the place the 
third brother had died. 

So its true? asked Harry. All of it? The Peverell 
brothers   

  809 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




  were the three brothers of the tale, said 
Dumbledore, nodding. Oh yes, I think so. Whether 
they met Death on a lonely road ... I think it more 
likely that the Peverell brothers were simply gifted, 
dangerous wizards who succeeded in creating those 
powerful objects. The story of them being Deaths own 
Hallows seems to me the sort of legend that might 
have sprung up around such creations. 

The Cloak, as you know now, traveled down through 
the ages, father to son, mother to daughter, right 
down to Ignotuss last living descendant, who was 
born, as Ignotus was, in the village of Godrics 
Hollow. 

Dumbledore smiled at Harry. 

Me? 

You. You have guessed, I know, why the Cloak was 
in my possession on the night your parents died. 
James had showed it to me just a few days 
previously. It explained much of his undetected 
wrongdoing at school! I could hardly believe what I 
was seeing. I asked to borrow it, to examine it. I had 
long since given up my dream of uniting the Hallows, 
but I could not resist, could not help taking a closer 
look. ... It was a Cloak the likes of which I had never 
seen, immensely old, perfect in every respect . . . and 
then your father died, and I had two Hallows at last, 
all to myself! 

His tone was unbearably bitter. 

The Cloak wouldnt have helped them survive, 
though, Harry said quickly. Voldemort knew where 
my mum and dad were. The Cloak couldnt have 
made them curseproof. 



  810 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




True, sighed Dumbledore. True. 



Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak, so he 
prompted him. 

So youd given up looking for the Hallows when you 
saw the Cloak? 

Oh yes, said Dumbledore faintly. It seemed that he 
forced himself to meet Harrys eyes. You know what 
happened. You know. You cannot despise me more 
than I despise myself. 

But I dont despise you   

Then you should, said Dumbledore. He drew a deep 
breath. You know the secret of my sisters ill health, 
what those Muggles did, what she became. You know 
how my poor father sought revenge, and paid the 
price, died in Azkaban. You know how my mother 
gave up her own life to care for Ariana. 

I resented it, Harry. 

Dumbledore stated it baldly, coldly. He was looking 
now over the top of Harrys head, into the distance. 

I was gifted, I was brilliant. I wanted to escape. I 
wanted to shine. I wanted glory. 

Do not misunderstand me, he said, and pain 
crossed the face so that he looked ancient again. I 
loved them. I loved my parents, I loved my brother 
and my sister, but I was selfish, Harry, more selfish 
than you, who are a remarkably selfless person, could 
possibly imagine. 

So that, when my mother died, and I was left the 
responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward 

  811 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




brother, I returned to my village in anger and 
bitterness. Trapped and wasted, I thought! And then, 
of course, he came. ... 

Dumbledore looked directly into Harrys eyes again. 

Grindelwald. You cannot imagine how his ideas 
caught me, Harry, inflamed me. Muggles forced into 
subservience. We wizards triumphant. Grindelwald 
and I, the glorious young leaders of the revolution. 

Oh, I had a few scruples. I assuaged my conscience 
with empty words. It would all be for the greater good, 
and any harm done would be repaid a hundredfold in 
benefits for wizards. Did I know, in my heart of 
hearts, what Gellert Grindelwald was? I think I did, 
but I closed my eyes. If the plans we were making 
came to fruition, all my dreams would come true. 

And at the heart of our schemes, the Deathly 
Hallows! How they fascinated him, how they 
fascinated both of us! The unbeatable wand, the 
weapon that would lead us to power! The 
Resurrection Stone  to him, though I pretended not 
to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I 
confess, it meant the return of my parents, and the 
lifting of all responsibility from my shoulders. 

And the Cloak ... somehow, we never discussed the 
Cloak much, Harry. Both of us could conceal 
ourselves well enough without the Cloak, the true 
magic of which, of course, is that it can be used to 
protect and shield others as well as its owner. I 
thought that, if we ever found it, it might be useful in 
hiding Ariana, but our interest in the Cloak was 
mainly that it completed the trio, for the legend said 
that the man who united all three objects would then 
be truly master of death, which we took to mean 
invincible. 

  812 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Invincible masters of death, Grindelwald and 
Dumbledore! Two months of insanity, of cruel 
dreams, and neglect of the only two members of my 
family left to me. 

And then ... you know what happened. Reality 
returned in the form of my rough, unlettered, and 
infinitely more admirable brother. I did not want to 
hear the truths he shouted at me. I did not want to 
hear that I could not set forth to seek Hallows with a 
fragile and unstable sister in tow. 

The argument became a fight. Grindelwald lost 
control. That which I had always sensed in him, 
though I pretended not to, now sprang into terrible 
being. And Ariana . . . after all my mothers care and 
caution ... lay dead upon the floor. 

Dumbledore gave a little gasp and began to cry in 
earnest. Harry reached out and was glad to find that 
he could touch him: He gripped his arm tightly and 
Dumbledore gradually regained control. 

Well, Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have 
predicted. He vanished, with his plans for seizing 
power, and his schemes for Muggle torture, and his 
dreams of the Deathly Hallows, dreams in which I 
had encouraged him and helped him. He ran, while I 
was left to bury my sister, and learn to live with my 
guilt and my terrible grief, the price of my shame. 

Years passed. There were rumors about him. They 
said he had procured a wand of immense power. I, 
meanwhile, was offered the post of Minister of Magic, 
not once, but several times. Naturally, I refused. I had 
learned that I was not to be trusted with power. 

But youd have been better, much better, than Fudge 
or Scrimgeour! burst out Harry. 

  813 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Would I? asked Dumbledore heavily. I am not so 
sure. I had proven, as a very young man, that power 
was my weakness and my temptation. It is a curious 
thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited 
to power are those who have never sought it. Those 
who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and 
take up the mantle because they must, and find to 
their own surprise that they wear it well. 

I was safer at Hogwarts. I think I was a good teacher 



You were the best   

  you are very kind, Harry. But while I busied 
myself with the training of young wizards, 

Grindelwald was raising an army. They say he feared 
me, and perhaps he did, but less, I think, than I 
feared him. 

Oh, not death, said Dumbledore, in answer to 
Harrys questioning look. Not what he could do to me 
magically. I knew that we were evenly matched, 
perhaps that I was a shade more skillful. It was the 
truth I feared. You see, I never knew which of us, in 
that last, horrific fight, had actually cast the curse 
that killed my sister. You may call me cowardly: You 
would be right. Harry, I dreaded beyond all things the 
knowledge that it had been I who brought about her 
death, not merely through my arrogance and 
stupidity, but that I actually struck the blow that 
snuffed out her life. 

I think he knew it, I think he knew what frightened 
me. I delayed meeting him until finally, it would have 
been too shameful to resist any longer. People were 
dying and he seemed unstoppable, and I had to do 
what I could. 



  814 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. 

I won the wand. 

Another silence. Harry did not ask whether 
Dumbledore had ever found out who struck Ariana 
dead. He did not want to know, and even less did he 
want Dumbledore to have to tell him. At last he knew 
what Dumbledore would have seen when he looked in 
the Mirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been 
so understanding of the fascination it had exercised 
over Harry. 

They sat in silence for a long time, and the 
whimperings of the creature behind them barely 
disturbed Harry anymore. 

At last he said, Grindelwald tried to stop Voldemort 
going after the wand. He lied, you know, pretended he 
had never had it. 

Dumbledore nodded, looking down at his lap, tears 
still glittering on the crooked nose. 

They say he showed remorse in later years, alone in 
his cell at Nurmengard. I hope that it is true. I would 
like to think he did feel the horror and shame of what 
he had done. Perhaps that lie to Voldemort was his 
attempt to make amends ... to prevent Voldemort 
from taking the Hallow ... 

"... or maybe from breaking into your tomb? 
suggested Harry, and Dumbledore dabbed his eyes. 

After another short pause Harry said, You tried to 
use the Resurrection Stone. 

Dumbledore nodded. 



  815 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




When I discovered it, after all those years, buried in 
the abandoned home of the Gaunts  the Hallow I 
had craved most of all, though in my youth I had 
wanted it for very different reasons  I lost my head, 
Harry. I quite forgot that it was now a Horcrux, that 
the ring was sure to carry a curse. I picked it up, and 
I put it on, and for a second I imagined that I was 
about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father, 
and to tell them how very, very sorry I was. ... 

I was such a fool, Harry. After all those years I had 
learned nothing. I was unworthy to unite the Deathly 
Hallows, I had proved it time and again, and here was 
final proof. 

Why? said Harry. It was natural! You wanted to see 
them again. Whats wrong with that? 

Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows, 
Harry. I was fit only to possess the meanest of them, 
the least extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder 
Wand, and not to boast of it, and not to kill with it. I 
was permitted to tame and to use it, because I took it, 
not for gain, but to save others from it. 

But the Cloak, I took out of vain curiosity, and so it 
could never have worked for me as it works for you, 
its true owner. The stone I would have used in an 
attempt to drag back those who are at peace, rather 
than to enable my selfsacrifice, as you did. You are 
the worthy possessor of the Hallows. 

Dumbledore patted Harrys hand, and Harry looked 
up at the old man and smiled; he could not help 
himself. How could he remain angry with Dumbledore 
now? 

Why did you have to make it so difficult? 



  816 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Dumbledores smile was tremulous. 



I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow you 
up, Harry. I was afraid that your hot head might 
dominate your good heart. I was scared that, if 
presented outright with the facts about those 
tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I 
did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons. If you 
laid hands on them, I wanted you to possess them 
safely. You are the true master of death, because the 
true master does not seek to run away from Death. 

He accepts that he must die, and understands that 
there are far, far worse things in the living world than 
dying. 

And Voldemort never knew about the Hallows? 

I do not think so, because he did not recognize the 
Resurrection Stone he turned into a Horcrux. But 
even if he had known about them, Harry, I doubt that 
he would have been interested in any except the first. 
He would not think that he needed the Cloak, and as 
for the stone, whom would he want to bring back 
from the dead? He fears the dead. He does not love. 

But you expected him to go after the wand? 

I have been sure that he would try, ever since your 
wand beat Voldemorts in the graveyard of Little 
Hangleton. At first, he was afraid that you had 
conquered him by superior skill. Once he had 
kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the 
existence of the twin cores. He thought that explained 
everything. Yet the borrowed wand did no better 
against yours! So Voldemort, instead of asking 
himself what quality it was in you that had made your 
wand so strong, what gift you possessed that he did 
not, naturally set out to find the one wand that, they 
said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder Wand 
  817 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




has become an obsession to rival his obsession with 
you. He believes that the Elder Wand removes his last 
weakness and makes him truly invincible. Poor 
Severus ... 

If you planned your death with Snape, you meant 
him to end up with the Elder Wand, didnt you? 

I admit that was my intention, said Dumbledore, 
but it did not work as I intended, did it? 

No, said Harry. That bit didnt work out. 

The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and 
Harry and Dumbledore sat without talking for the 
longest time yet. The realization of what would 
happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long 
minutes, like softly falling snow. 

Ive got to go back, havent I? 

That is up to you. 

Ive got a choice? 

Oh yes. Dumbledore smiled at him. We are in 
Kings Cross, you say? I think that if you decided not 
to go back, you would be able to ... lets say ... board 
a train. 

And where would it take me? 

On, said Dumbledore simply. 

Silence again. 

Voldemorts got the Elder Wand. 

True. Voldemort has the Elder Wand. 

  818 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But you want me to go back? 

I think, said Dumbledore, that if you choose to 
return, there is a chance that he may be finished for 
good. I cannot promise it. But I know this, Harry, that 
you have less to fear from returning here than he 
does. 

Harry glanced again at the rawlooking thing that 
trembled and choked in the shadow beneath the 
distant chair. 

Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, 
above all, those who live without love. By returning, 
you may ensure that fewer souls are maimed, fewer 
families are torn apart. If that seems to you a worthy 
goal, then we say goodbye for the present. 

Harry nodded and sighed. Leaving this place would 
not be nearly as hard as walking into the forest had 
been, but it was warm and light and peaceful here, 
and he knew that he was heading back to pain and 
the fear of more loss. He stood up, and Dumbledore 
did the same, and they looked for a long moment into 
each others faces. 

Tell me one last thing, said Harry. Is this real? Or 
has this been happening inside my head? 

Dumbledore beamed at him, and his voice sounded 
loud and strong in Harrys ears even though the 
bright mist was descending again, obscuring his 
figure. 

Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, 
but why on earth should that mean that it is not 
real? * 



  819 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   






THE FLAW IN THE PLAN 

He was lying facedown on the ground again. The 
smell of the forest filled his nostrils. He could feel the 
cold hard ground beneath his cheek, and the hinge of 
his glasses, which had been knocked sideways by the 
fall, cutting into his temple. Every inch of him ached, 
and the place where the Killing Curse had hit him felt 
like the bruise of an ironclad punch. He did not stir, 
but remained exactly where he had fallen, with his 
left arm bent out at an awkward angle and his mouth 
gaping. 

He had expected to hear cheers of triumph and 
jubilation at his death, but instead hurried footsteps, 
whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air. 

My Lord ...my Lord ... 

It was Bellatrixs voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. 
Harry did not dare open his eyes, but allowed his 
other senses to explore his predicament. He knew 
that his wand was still stowed beneath his robes 
because he could feel it pressed between his chest 

  820 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



and the ground. A slight cushioning effect in the area 
of his stomach told him that the Invisibility Cloak was 
also there, stuffed out of sight. 

My Lord ... 

That will do, said Voldemorts voice. 

More footsteps: Several people were backing away 
from the same spot. Desperate to see what was 
happening and why, Harry opened his eyes by a 
millimeter. 

Voldemort seemed to be getting to his feet. Various 
Death Eaters were hurrying away from him, returning 
to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone 
remained behind, kneeling beside Voldemort. 

Harry closed his eyes again and considered what he 
had seen. The Death Eaters had been huddled 
around Voldemort, who seemed to have fallen to the 
ground. Something had happened when he had hit 
Harry with the Killing Curse. Had Voldemort too 
collapsed? It seemed like it. And both of them had 
fallen briefly unconscious and both of them had now 
returned. ... 

My Lord, let me   

I do not require assistance, said Voldemort coldly, 
and though he could not see it, Harry pictured 
Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. The boy ... Is 
he dead? 

There was complete silence in the clearing. Nobody 
approached Harry, but he felt their concentrated gaze; 
it seemed to press him harder into the ground, and he 
was terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch. 



  821 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You, said Voldemort, and there was a bang and a 
small shriek of pain. Examine him. Tell me whether 
he is dead. 

Harry did not know who had been sent to verify. He 
could only lie there, with his heart thumping 
traitorously, and wait to be examined, but at the 
same time noting, small comfort though it was, that 
Voldemort was wary of approaching him, that 
Voldemort suspected that all had not gone to plan. ... 

Hands, softer than he had been expecting, touched 
Harrys face, pulled back an eyelid, crept beneath his 
shirt, down to his chest, and felt his heart. He could 
hear the womans fast breathing, her long hair tickled 
his face. He knew that she could feel the steady 
pounding of life against his ribs. 

Is Draco alive? Is he in the castle? 

The whisper was barely audible; her lips were an inch 
from his ear, her head bent so low that her long hair 
shielded his face from the onlookers. 

Yes, he breathed back. 

He felt the hand on his chest contract; her nails 
pierced him. Then it was withdrawn. She had sat up. 

He is dead! Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers. 

And now they shouted, now they yelled in triumph 
and stamped their feet, and through his eyelids, 

Harry saw bursts of red and silver light shoot into the 
air in celebration. 

Still feigning death on the ground, he understood. 
Narcissa knew that the only way she would be 
permitted to enter Hogwarts, and find her son, was as 

  822 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




part of the conquering army. She no longer cared 
whether Voldemort won. 

You see? screeched Voldemort over the tumult. 
Harry Potter is dead by my hand, and no man alive 
can threaten me now! Watch! CrucioV 

Harry had been expecting it, knew his body would not 
be allowed to remain unsullied upon the forest floor; 
it must be subjected to humiliation to prove 
Voldemorts victory. He was lifted into the air, and it 
took all his determination to remain limp, yet the pain 
he expected did not come. He was thrown once, twice, 
three times into the air: His glasses flew off and he 
felt his wand slide a little beneath his robes, but he 
kept himself floppy and lifeless, and when he fell to 
the ground for the last time, the clearing echoed with 
jeers and shrieks of laughter. 

Now, said Voldemort, we go to the castle, and show 
them what has become of their hero. Who shall drag 
the body? No  Wait   

There was a fresh outbreak of laughter, and after a 
few moments Harry felt the ground trembling beneath 
him. 

You carry him, Voldemort said. He will be nice and 
visible in your arms, will he not? Pick up your little 
friend, Hagrid. And the glasses  put on the glasses 
 he must be recognizable   

Someone slammed Harrys glasses back onto his face 
with deliberate force, but the enormous hands that 
lifted him into the air were exceedingly gentle. Harry 
could feel Hagrid s arms trembling with the force of 
his heaving sobs; great tears splashed down upon 
him as Hagrid cradled Harry in his arms, and Harry 



  823 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to 
Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost. 

Move, said Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled 
forward, forcing his way through the closegrowing 
trees, back through the forest. Branches caught at 
Harrys hair and robes, but he lay quiescent, his 
mouth lolling open, his eyes shut, and in the 
darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around 
them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody 
looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed 
neck of Harry Potter. . . . 

The two giants crashed along behind the Death 
Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as 
they passed; they made so much din that birds rose 
shrieking into the sky, and even the jeers of the Death 
Eaters were drowned. The victorious procession 
marched on toward the open ground, and after a 
while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the 
darkness through his closed eyelids, that the trees 
were beginning to thin. 

BANE! 

Hagrids unexpected bellow nearly forced Harrys eyes 
open. Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn fight, yeh 
cowardly bunch o nags? Are yeh happy Harry Potters 
 ddead...? 

Hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fresh 
tears. Harry wondered how many centaurs were 
watching their procession pass; he dared not open his 
eyes to look. Some of the Death Eaters called insults 
at the centaurs as they left them behind. A little later, 
Harry sensed, by a freshening of the air, that they 
had reached the edge of the forest. 

Stop. 

  824 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Harry thought that Hagrid must have been forced to 
obey Voldemorts command, because he lurched a 
little. And now a chill settled over them where they 
stood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the 
dementors that patrolled the outer trees. They would 
not affect him now. The fact of his own survival 
burned inside him, a talisman against them, as 
though his fathers stag kept guardian in his heart. 

Someone passed close by Harry, and he knew that it 
was Voldemort himself because he spoke a moment 
later, his voice magically magnified so that it swelled 
through the grounds, crashing upon Harrys 
eardrums. 

Harry Potter is dead. He was killed as he ran away, 
trying to save himself while you lay down your lives 
for him. We bring you his body as proof that your 
hero is gone. 

The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. 
My Death Eaters outnumber you, and the Boy Who 
Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone 
who continues to resist, man, woman, or child, will be 
slaughtered, as will every member of their family. 
Come out of the castle now, kneel before me, and you 
shall be spared. Your parents and children, your 
brothers and sisters will live and be forgiven, and you 
will join me in the new world we shall build together. 

There was silence in the grounds and from the castle. 
Voldemort was so close to him that Harry did not dare 
open his eyes again. 

Come, said Voldemort, and Harry heard him move 
ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. Now Harry 
opened his eyes a fraction, and saw Voldemort 
striding in front of them, wearing the great snake 
Nagini around his shoulders, now free of her 
  825 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




enchanted cage. But Harry had no possibility of 
extracting the wand concealed under his robes 
without being noticed by the Death Eaters, who 
marched on either side of them through the slowly 
lightening darkness. ... 

Harry, sobbed Hagrid. Oh, Harry ... Harry ... 

Harry shut his eyes tight again. He knew that they 
were approaching the castle and strained his ears to 
distinguish, above the gleeful voices of the Death 
Eaters and their tramping footsteps, signs of life from 
those within. 

Stop. 

The Death Eaters came to a halt: Harry heard them 
spreading out in a line facing the open front doors of 
the school. He could see, even through his closed lids, 
the reddish glow that meant light streamed upon him 
from the entrance hall. He waited. Any moment, the 
people for whom he had tried to die would see him, 
lying apparently dead, in Hagrid s arms. 

NO! 

The scream was the more terrible because he had 
never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall 
could make such a sound. He heard another woman 
laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in 
McGonagalls despair. He squinted again for a single 
second and saw the open doorway filling with people, 
as the survivors of the battle came out onto the front 
steps to face their vanquishers and see the truth of 
Harrys death for themselves. He saw Voldemort 
standing a little in front of him, stroking Naginis 
head with a single white finger. He closed his eyes 
again. 



  826 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No! 



iVo! 

Harry! HARRY! 

Rons, Hermiones, and Ginnys voices were worse 
than McGonagalls; Harry wanted nothing more than 
to call back, yet he made himself lie silent, and their 
cries acted like a trigger; the crowd of survivors took 
up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the 
Death Eaters, until  

SILENCE! cried Voldemort, and there was a bang 
and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced 
upon them all. It is over! Set him down, Hagrid, at 
my feet, where he belongs! 

Harry felt himself lowered onto the grass. 

You see? said Voldemort, and Harry felt him striding 
backward and forward right beside the place where he 
lay. Harry Potter is dead! Do you understand now, 
deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who 
relied on others to sacrifice themselves for him! 

He beat you! yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and 
the defenders of Hogwarts were shouting and 
screaming again until a second, more powerful bang 
extinguished their voices once more. 

He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle 
grounds, said Voldemort, and there was relish in his 
voice for the lie, killed while trying to save himself   

But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a 
shout, then another bang, a flash of light, and a grunt 
of pain; he opened his eyes an infinitesimal amount. 
Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at 

  827 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Voldemort: Harry saw the figure hit the ground, 
Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challengers wand 
aside and laughing. 

And who is this? he said in his soft snakes hiss. 
Who has volunteered to demonstrate what happens 
to those who continue to fight when the battle is 
lost? 

Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh. 

It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who has 
been giving the Carrows so much trouble! The son of 
the Aurors, remember? 

Ah, yes, I remember, said Voldemort, looking down 
at Neville, who was struggling back to his feet, 
unarmed and unprotected, standing in the noman s 
land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. 

But you are a pureblood, arent you, my brave boy? 
Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facing him, his 
empty hands curled in fists. 

So what if I am? said Neville loudly. 

You show spirit and bravery, and you come of noble 
stock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We 
need your kind, Neville Longbottom. 

Ill join you when hell freezes over, said Neville. 
Dumbledores Army! he shouted, and there was an 
answering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemorts 
Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold. 

Very well, said Voldemort, and Harry heard more 
danger in the silkiness of his voice than in the most 
powerful curse. If that is your choice, Longbottom, 
we revert to the original plan. On your head, he said 
quietly, be it. 

  828 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Still watching through his lashes, Harry saw 
Voldemort wave his wand. Seconds later, out of one of 
the castles shattered windows, something that looked 
like a misshapen bird flew through the half light and 
landed in Voldemorts hand. He shook the mildewed 
object by its pointed end and it dangled, empty and 
ragged: the Sorting Hat. 

There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School, 
said Voldemort. There will be no more Houses. The 
emblem, shield, and colors of my noble ancestor, 
Salazar Slytherin, will suffice for everyone. Wont 
they, Neville Longbottom? 

He pointed his wand at Neville, who grew rigid and 
still, then forced the hat onto Nevilles head, so that it 
slipped down below his eyes. There were movements 
from the watching crowd in front of the castle, and as 
one, the Death Eaters raised their wands, holding the 
fighters of Hogwarts at bay. 

Neville here is now going to demonstrate what 
happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to 
oppose me, said Voldemort, and with a flick of his 
wand, he caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames. 

Screams split the dawn, and Neville was aflame, 
rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could 
not bear it: He must act  

And then many things happened at the same 
moment. 

They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the 
school as what sounded like hundreds of people came 
swarming over the outofsight walls and pelted 
toward the castle, uttering loud war cries. At the 
same time, Grawp came lumbering around the side of 
the castle and yelled, HAGGER! His cry was 
  829 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




answered by roars from Voldemorts giants: They ran 
at Grawp like bull elephants, making the earth quake. 
Then came hooves and the twangs of bows, and 
arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death 
Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise. 
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak from inside his 
robes, swung it over himself, and sprang to his feet, 
as Neville moved too. 

In one swift, fluid motion, Neville broke free of the 
BodyBind Curse upon him; the flaming hat fell off 
him and he drew from its depths something silver, 
with a glittering, rubied handle  

The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over 
the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sounds of the 
clashing giants or of the stampeding centaurs, and 
yet it seemed to draw every eye. With a single stroke 
Neville sliced off the great snakes head, which spun 
high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from 
the entrance hall, and Voldemorts mouth was open 
in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the 
snakes body thudded to the ground at his feet  

Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a 
Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before 
the latter could raise his wand. Then, over the 
screams and the roars and the thunderous stamps of 
the battling giants, Hagrids yell came loudest of all. 

HARRY! Hagrid shouted. HARRY  WHERES 
HARRY? 

Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering 
the Death Eaters, everyone was fleeing the giants 
stamping feet, and nearer and nearer thundered the 
reinforcements that had come from who knew where; 
Harry saw great winged creatures soaring around the 
heads of Voldemorts giants, thestrals and Buckbeak 
  830 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




the hippogriff scratching at their eyes while Grawp 
punched and pummeled them; and now the wizards, 
defenders of Hogwarts and Death Eaters alike, were 
being forced back into the castle. Harry was shooting 
jinxes and curses at any Death Eater he could see, 
and they crumpled, not knowing what or who had hit 
them, and their bodies were trampled by the 
retreating crowd. 

Still hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry was 
buffeted into the entrance hall: He was searching for 
Voldemort and saw him across the room, firing spells 
from his wand as he backed into the Great Hall, still 
screaming instructions to his followers as he sent 
curses flying left and right; Harry cast more Shield 
Charms, and Voldemorts wouldbe victims, Seamus 
Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, darted past him into 
the Great Hall, where they joined the fight already 
flourishing inside it. 

And now there were more, even more people storming 
up the front steps, and Harry saw Charlie Weasley 
overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was still wearing 
his emerald pajamas. They seemed to have returned 
at the head of what looked like the families and 
friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained 
to fight, along with the shopkeepers and homeowners 
of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan, and 
Magorian burst into the hall with a great clatter of 
hooves, as behind Harry the door that led to the 
kitchens was blasted off its hinges. 

The houseelves of Hogwarts swarmed into the 
entrance hall, screaming and waving carving knives 
and cleavers, and at their head, the locket of Regulus 
Black bouncing on his chest, was Kreacher, his 
bullfrogs voice audible even above this din: Fight! 
Fight! Fight for my Master, defender of houseelves! 



  831 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulus! 
Fight! 

They were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and 
shins of Death Eaters, their tiny faces alive with 
malice, and everywhere Harry looked Death Eaters 
were folding under sheer weight of numbers, 
overcome by spells, dragging arrows from wounds, 
stabbed in the leg by elves, or else simply attempting 
to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming horde. 

But it was not over yet: Harry sped between duelers, 
past struggling prisoners, and into the Great Hall. 

Voldemort was in the center of the battle, and he was 
striking and smiting all within reach. Harry could not 
get a clear shot, but fought his way nearer, still 
invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more 
crowded as everyone who could walk forced their way 
inside. 

Harry saw Yaxley slammed to the floor by George and 
Lee Jordan, saw Dolohov fall with a scream at 
Flitwicks hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across 
the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall opposite, and 
slide unconscious to the ground. He saw Ron and 
Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback, Aberforth 
Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooring 
Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running 
through the crowd, not even attempting to fight, 
screaming for their son. 

Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, 
and Kingsley all at once, and there was cold hatred in 
his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable 
to finish him  

Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from 
Voldemort, and like her master she dueled three at 

  832 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




once: Hermione, Ginny, and Luna, all battling their 
hardest, but Bellatrix was equal to them, and Harrys 
attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close 
to Ginny that she missed death by an inch  

He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than 
Voldemort, but before he had gone a few steps he was 
knocked sideways. 

NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH! 

Mrs. Weasley threw off her cloak as she ran, freeing 
her arms. Bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with 
laughter at the sight of her new challenger. 

OUT OF MY WAY! shouted Mrs. Weasley to the three 
girls, and with a swipe of her wand she began to duel. 
Harry watched with terror and elation as Molly 
Weasleys wand slashed and twirled, and Bellatrix 
Lestranges smile faltered and became a snarl. Jets of 
light flew from both wands, the floor around the 
witches feet became hot and cracked; both women 
were fighting to kill. 

No! Mrs. Weasley cried as a few students ran 
forward, trying to come to her aid. Get back! Get 
back ! She is mine! 

Hundreds of people now lined the walls, watching the 
two fights, Voldemort and his three opponents, 
Bellatrix and Molly, and Harry stood, invisible, torn 
between both, wanting to attack and yet to protect, 
unable to be sure that he would not hit the innocent. 

What will happen to your children when Ive killed 
you? taunted Bellatrix, as mad as her master, 
capering as Mollys curses danced around her. When 
Mummys gone the same way as Freddie? 



  833 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




You  will  never  touch  our  children  
again! screamed Mrs. Weasley. 

Bellatrix laughed, the same exhilarated laugh her 
cousin Sirius had given as he toppled backward 
through the veil, and suddenly Harry knew what was 
going to happen before it did. 

Mollys curse soared beneath Bellatrixs outstretched 
arm and hit her squarely in the chest, directly over 
her heart. 

Bellatrixs gloating smile froze, her eyes seemed to 
bulge: For the tiniest space of time she knew what 
had happened, and then she toppled, and the 
watching crowd roared, and Voldemort screamed. 

Harry felt as though he turned in slow motion; he saw 
McGonagall, Kingsley, and Slughorn blasted 
backward, flailing and writhing through the air, as 
Voldemort s fury at the fall of his last, best lieutenant 
exploded with the force of a bomb. Voldemort raised 
his wand and directed it at Molly Weasley. 

Protego\ roared Harry, and the Shield Charm 
expanded in the middle of the Hall, and Voldemort 
stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the 
Invisibility Cloak at last. 

The yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every 
side of Harry! HES ALIVE! were stifled at once. 

The crowd was afraid, and silence fell abruptly and 
completely as Voldemort and Harry looked at each 
other, and began, at the same moment, to circle each 
other. 

I dont want anyone else to try to help, Harry said 
loudly, and in the total silence his voice carried like a 
trumpet call. Its got to be like this. Its got to be me. 

  834 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Voldemort hissed. 



Potter doesnt mean that, he said, his red eyes wide. 
That isnt how he works, is it? Who are you going to 
use as a shield today, Potter? 

Nobody, said Harry simply. There are no more 
Horcruxes. Its just you and me. Neither can live while 
the other survives, and one of us is about to leave for 
good. ... 

One of us? jeered Voldemort, and his whole body 
was taut and his red eyes stared, a snake that was 
about to strike. You think it will be you, do you, the 
boy who has survived by accident, and because 
Dumbledore was pulling the strings? 

Accident, was it, when my mother died to save me? 
asked Harry. They were still moving sideways, both of 
them, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same 
distance from each other, and for Harry no face 
existed but Voldemorts. Accident, when I decided to 
fight in that graveyard? Accident, that I didnt defend 
myself tonight, and still survived, and returned to 
fight again? 

Accidents'. screamed Voldemort, but still he did not 
strike, and the watching crowd was frozen as if 
Petrified, and of the hundreds in the Hall, nobody 
seemed to breathe but they two. Accident and 
chance and the fact that you crouched and sniveled 
behind the skirts of greater men and women, and 
permitted me to kill them for you! 

You wont be killing anyone else tonight, said Harry 
as they circled, and stared into each others eyes, 
green into red. You wont be able to kill any of them 
ever again. Dont you get it? I was ready to die to stop 
you from hurting these people   

  835 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But you did not! 



  I meant to, and thats what did it. Ive done what 
my mother did. Theyre protected from you. Havent 
you noticed how none of the spells you put on them 
are binding? You cant torture them. You cant touch 
them. You dont learn from your mistakes, Riddle, do 
you? 

 You dare   

Yes, I dare, said Harry. I know things you dont 
know, Tom Riddle. I know lots of important things 
that you dont. Want to hear some, before you make 
another big mistake? 

Voldemort did not speak, but prowled in a circle, and 
Harry knew that he kept him temporarily mesmerized 
and at bay, held back by the faintest possibility that 
Harry might indeed know a final secret. ... 

Is it love again? said Voldemort, his snakes face 
jeering. Dumbledores favorite solution, love, which 
he claimed conquered death, though love did not stop 
him falling from the tower and breaking like an old 
waxwork? Love, which did not prevent me stamping 
out your Mudblood mother like a cockroach, Potter  
and nobody seems to love you enough to run forward 
this time and take my curse. So what will stop you 
dying now when I strike? 

Just one thing, said Harry, and still they circled 
each other, wrapped in each other, held apart by 
nothing but the last secret. 

If it is not love that will save you this time, said 
Voldemort, you must believe that you have magic 
that I do not, or else a weapon more powerful than 
mine? 

  836 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I believe both, said Harry, and he saw shock flit 
across the snakelike face, though it was instantly 
dispelled; Voldemort began to laugh, and the sound 
was more frightening than his screams; humorless 
and insane, it echoed around the silent Hall. 

You think you know more magic than I do? he said. 
Than I, than Lord Voldemort, who has performed 
magic that Dumbledore himself never dreamed of? 

Oh, he dreamed of it, said Harry, but he knew more 
than you, knew enough not to do what youve done. 

You mean he was weak! screamed Voldemort. Too 
weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been 
his, what will be mine! 

No, he was cleverer than you, said Harry, a better 
wizard, a better man. 

I brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore! 

You thought you did, said Harry, but you were 
wrong. 

For the first time, the watching crowd stirred as the 
hundreds of people around the walls drew breath as 
one. 

Dumbledore is dead\ Voldemort hurled the words at 
Harry as though they would cause him unendurable 
pain. His body decays in the marble tomb in the 
grounds of this castle, I have seen it, Potter, and he 
will not return! 

Yes, Dumbledores dead, said Harry calmly, but 
you didnt have him killed. He chose his own manner 
of dying, chose it months before he died, arranged the 



  837 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




whole thing with the man you thought was your 
servant. 

What childish dream is this? said Voldemort, but 
still he did not strike, and his red eyes did not waver 
from Harrys. 

Severus Snape wasnt yours, said Harry. Snape 
was Dumbledores, Dumbledores from the moment 
you started hunting down my mother. And you never 
realized it, because of the thing you cant understand. 
You never saw Snape cast a Patronus, did you, 
Riddle? 

Voldemort did not answer. They continued to circle 
each other like wolves about to tear each other apart. 

Snapes Patronus was a doe, said Harry, the same 
as my mothers, because he loved her for nearly all of 
his life, from the time when they were children. You 
should have realized, he said as he saw Voldemorts 
nostrils flare, he asked you to spare her life, didnt 
he? 

He desired her, that was all, sneered Voldemort, 

but when she had gone, he agreed that there were 
other women, and of purer blood, worthier of him   

Of course he told you that, said Harry, but he was 
Dumbledores spy from the moment you threatened 
her, and hes been working against you ever since! 
Dumbledore was already dying when Snape finished 
him! 

It matters not! shrieked Voldemort, who had 
followed every word with rapt attention, but now let 
out a cackle of mad laughter. It matters not whether 
Snape was mine or Dumbledores, or what petty 
obstacles they tried to put in my path! I crushed them 
  838 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




as I crushed your mother, Snape s supposed great 
love\ Oh, but it all makes sense, Potter, and in ways 
that you do not understand! 

Dumbledore was trying to keep the Elder Wand from 
me! He intended that Snape should be the true 
master of the wand! But I got there ahead of you, little 
boy  I reached the wand before you could get your 
hands on it, I understood the truth before you caught 
up. I killed Severus Snape three hours ago, and the 
Elder Wand, the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny is 
truly mine! Dumbledore s last plan went wrong, Harry 
Potter! 

Yeah, it did, said Harry. Youre right. But before 
you try to kill me, Id advise you to think about what 
youve done. ... Think, and try for some remorse, 
Riddle. ... 

What is this? 

Of all the things that Harry had said to him, beyond 
any revelation or taunt, nothing had shocked 
Voldemort like this. Harry saw his pupils contract to 
thin slits, saw the skin around his eyes whiten. 

Its your one last chance, said Harry, its all youve 
got left. ... Ive seen what youll be otherwise. ... Be a 
man ... try ... Try for some remorse. ... 

You dare  ? said Voldemort again. 

Yes, I dare, said Harry, because Dumbledores last 
plan hasnt backfired on me at all. Its backfired on 
you, Riddle. 

Voldemorts hand was trembling on the Elder Wand, 
and Harry gripped Dracos very tightly. The moment, 
he knew, was seconds away. 

  839 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




That wand still isnt working properly for you 
because you murdered the wrong person. Severus 
Snape was never the true master of the Elder Wand. 
He never defeated Dumbledore. 

He killed   

Arent you listening? Snape never beat Dumbledorel 
Dumbledores death was planned between them! 
Dumbledore intended to die undefeated, the wands 
last true master! If all had gone as planned, the 
wands power would have died with him, because it 
had never been won from him! 

But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gave me the 
wand! Voldemorts voice shook with malicious 
pleasure. I stole the wand from its last masters 
tomb! I removed it against its last masters wishes! Its 
power is mine! 

You still dont get it, Riddle, do you? Possessing the 
wand isnt enough! Holding it, using it, doesnt make 
it really yours. Didnt you listen to Ollivander? The 
wand chooses the wizard. ... The Elder Wand 
recognized a new master before Dumbledore died, 
someone who never even laid a hand on it. The new 
master removed the wand from Dumbledore against 
his will, never realizing exactly what he had done, or 
that the worlds most dangerous wand had given him 
its allegiance. ... 

Voldemorts chest rose and fell rapidly, and Harry 
could feel the curse coming, feel it building inside the 
wand pointed at his face. 

The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco 
Malfoy. 



  840 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Blank shock showed in Voldemorts face for a 
moment, but then it was gone. 

But what does it matter? he said softly. Even if you 
are right, Potter, it makes no difference to you and 
me. You no longer have the phoenix wand: We duel 
on skill alone ... and after I have killed you, I can 
attend to Draco Malfoy. ... 

But youre too late, said Harry. Youve missed your 
chance. I got there first. I overpowered Draco weeks 
ago. I took this wand from him. 

Harry twitched the hawthorn wand, and he felt the 
eyes of everyone in the Hall upon it. 

So it all comes down to this, doesnt it? whispered 
Harry. Does the wand in your hand know its last 
master was Disarmed? Because if it does ... I am the 
true master of the Elder Wand. 

A redgold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted 
sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared 
over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both 
of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemorts 
was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high 
voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the 
heavens, pointing Dracos wand: 

Avada KedavraV 

 Expelliarmus\  

The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden 
flames that erupted between them, at the dead center 
of the circle they had been treading, marked the point 
where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemorts 
green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly 
high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the 
  841 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning 
through the air toward the master it would not kill, 
who had come to take full possession of it at last. And 
Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught 
the wand in his free hand as Voldemort fell backward, 
arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling 
upward. Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane 
finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white 
hands empty, the snakelike face vacant and 
unknowing. Voldemort was dead, killed by his own 
rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two wands in 
his hand, staring down at his enemys shell. 

One shivering second of silence, the shock of the 
moment suspended: and then the tumult broke 
around Harry as the screams and the cheers and the 
roars of the watchers rent the air. The fierce new sun 
dazzled the windows as they thundered toward him, 
and the first to reach him were Ron and Hermione, 
and it was their arms that were wrapped around him, 
their incomprehensible shouts that deafened him. 
Then Ginny, Neville, and Luna were there, and then 
all the Weasleys and Hagrid, and Kingsley and 
McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could 
not hear a word that anyone was shouting, nor tell 
whose hands were seizing him, pulling him, trying to 
hug some part of him, hundreds of them pressing in, 
all of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, 
the reason it was over at last  

The sun rose steadily over Hogwarts, and the Great 
Hall blazed with life and light. Harry was an 
indispensable part of the mingled outpourings of 
jubilation and mourning, of grief and celebration. 

They wanted him there with them, their leader and 
symbol, their savior and their guide, and that he had 
not slept, that he craved the company of only a few of 
them, seemed to occur to no one. He must speak to 
the bereaved, clasp their hands, witness their tears, 
  842 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




receive their thanks, hear the news now creeping in 
from every quarter as the morning drew on; that the 
Imperiused up and down the country had come back 
to themselves, that Death Eaters were fleeing or else 
being captured, that the innocent of Azkaban were 
being released at that very moment, and that Kingsley 
Shacklebolt had been named temporary Minister of 
Magic. ... 

They moved Voldemorts body and laid it in a 
chamber off the Hall, away from the bodies of Fred, 
Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty others who had 
died fighting him. McGonagall had replaced the 
House tables, but nobody was sitting according to 
House anymore: All were jumbled together, teachers 
and pupils, ghosts and parents, centaurs and house 
elves, and Firenze lay recovering in a corner, and 
Grawp peered in through a smashed window, and 
people were throwing food into his laughing mouth. 
After a while, exhausted and drained, Harry found 
himself sitting on a bench beside Luna. 

Id want some peace and quiet, if it were me, she 
said. 

Id love some, he replied. 

Ill distract them all, she said. Use your Cloak. 

And before he could say a word she had cried, Oooh, 
look, a Blibbering Humdinger! and pointed out of the 
window. Everyone who heard looked around, and 
Harry slid the Cloak up over himself, and got to his 
feet. 

Now he could move through the Hall without 
interference. He spotted Ginny two tables away; she 
was sitting with her head on her mothers shoulder: 
There would be time to talk later, hours and days and 

  843 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




maybe years in which to talk. He saw Neville, the 
sword of Gryffindor lying beside his plate as he ate, 
surrounded by a knot of fervent admirers. Along the 
aisle between the tables he walked, and he spotted 
the three Malfoys, huddled together as though unsure 
whether or not they were supposed to be there, but 
nobody was paying them any attention. Everywhere 
he looked he saw families reunited, and finally, he 
saw the two whose company he craved most. 

Its me, he muttered, crouching down between 
them. Will you come with me? 

They stood up at once, and together he, Ron, and 
Hermione left the Great Hall. Great chunks were 
missing from the marble staircase, part of the 
balustrade gone, and rubble and bloodstains 
occurred every few steps as they climbed. 

Somewhere in the distance they could hear Peeves 
zooming through the corridors singing a victory song 
of his own composition: 

We did it, we bashed them, wee Potters the one, 

And Voldys gone moldy, so now lets have fun! 

Really gives a feeling for the scope and tragedy of the 
thing, doesnt it? said Ron, pushing open a door to 
let Harry and Hermione through. 

Happiness would come, Harry thought, but at the 
moment it was muffled by exhaustion, and the pain of 
losing Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierced him like a 
physical wound every few steps. Most of all he felt the 
most stupendous relief, and a longing to sleep. But 
first he owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, 
who had stuck with him for so long, and who 
deserved the truth. Painstakingly he recounted what 
  844 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




he had seen in the Pensieve and what had happened 
in the forest, and they had not even begun to express 
all their shock and amazement when at last they 
arrived at the place to which they had been walking, 
though none of them had mentioned their 
destination. 

Since he had last seen it, the gargoyle guarding the 
entrance to the headmasters study had been knocked 
aside; it stood lopsided, looking a little punchdrunk, 
and Harry wondered whether it would be able to 
distinguish passwords anymore. 

Can we go up? he asked the gargoyle. 

Feel free, groaned the statue. 

They clambered over him and onto the spiral stone 
staircase that moved slowly upward like an escalator. 
Harry pushed open the door at the top. 

He had one, brief glimpse of the stone Pensieve on the 
desk where he had left it, and then an earsplitting 
noise made him cry out, thinking of curses and 
returning Death Eaters and the rebirth of Voldemort 



But it was applause. All around the walls, the 
headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts were 
giving him a standing ovation; they waved their hats 
and in some cases their wigs, they reached through 
their frames to grip each others hands; they danced 
up and down on the chairs in which they had been 
painted; Dilys Derwent sobbed unashamedly; Dexter 
Fortescue was waving his eartrumpet; and Phineas 
Nigellus called, in his high, reedy voice, And let it be 
noted that Slytherin House played its part! Let our 
contribution not be forgotten! 



  845 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




But Harry had eyes only for the man who stood in the 
largest portrait directly behind the headmasters 
chair. Tears were sliding down from behind the half 
moon spectacles into the long silver beard, and the 
pride and the gratitude emanating from him filled 
Harry with the same balm as phoenix song. 

At last, Harry held up his hands, and the portraits fell 
respectfully silent, beaming and mopping their eyes 
and waiting eagerly for him to speak. He directed his 
words at Dumbledore, however, and chose them with 
enormous care. Exhausted and blearyeyed though he 
was, he must make one last effort, seeking one last 
piece of advice. 

The thing that was hidden in the Snitch, he began, 

I dropped it in the forest. I dont know exactly where, 
but Im not going to go looking for it again. Do you 
agree? 

My dear boy, I do, said Dumbledore, while his fellow 
pictures looked confused and curious. A wise and 
courageous decision, but no less than I would have 
expected of you. Does anyone else know where it fell? 

No one, said Harry, and Dumbledore nodded his 
satisfaction. 

Im going to keep Ignotuss present, though, said 
Harry, and Dumbledore beamed. 

But of course, Harry, it is yours forever, until you 
pass it on! 

And then theres this. 

Harry held up the Elder Wand, and Ron and 
Hermione looked at it with a reverence that, even in 



  846 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




his befuddled and sleepdeprived state, Harry did not 
like to see. 

I dont want it, said Harry. 

What? said Ron loudly. Are you mental? 

I know its powerful, said Harry wearily. But I was 
happier with mine. So ... 

He rummaged in the pouch hung around his neck, 
and pulled out the two halves of holly still just 
connected by the finest thread of phoenix feather. 
Hermione had said that they could not be repaired, 
that the damage was too severe. All he knew was that 
if this did not work, nothing would. 

He laid the broken wand upon the headmasters desk, 
touched it with the very tip of the Elder Wand, and 
said, Reparo. 

As his wand resealed, red sparks flew out of its end. 
Harry knew that he had succeeded. He picked up the 
holly and phoenix wand and felt a sudden warmth in 
his fingers, as though wand and hand were rejoicing 
at their reunion. 

Im putting the Elder Wand, he told Dumbledore, 
who was watching him with enormous affection and 
admiration, back where it came from. It can stay 
there. If I die a natural death like Ignotus, its power 
will be broken, wont it? The previous master will 
never have been defeated. Thatll be the end of it. 

Dumbledore nodded. They smiled at each other. 

Are you sure? said Ron. There was the faintest trace 
of longing in his voice as he looked at the Elder Wand. 



  847 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




I think Harrys right, said Hermione quietly. 

That wands more trouble than its worth, said 
Harry. And quite honestly, he turned away from the 
painted portraits, thinking now only of the fourposter 
bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and 
wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a 
sandwich there, Ive had enough trouble for a 
lifetime. 



  848 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




ayue 




NINETEEN YEARS LATER 

Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The 
morning of the first of September was crisp and 
golden as an apple, and as the little family bobbed 
across the rumbling road toward the great sooty 
station, the fumes of car exhausts and the breath of 
pedestrians sparkled like cobwebs in the cold air. Two 
large cages rattled on top of the laden trolleys the 
parents were pushing; the owls inside them hooted 
indignantly, and the redheaded girl trailed tearfully 
behind her brothers, clutching her fathers arm. 

It wont be long, and youll be going too, Harry told 
her. 

Two years, sniffed Lily. I want to go now\ 

The commuters stared curiously at the owls as the 
family wove its way toward the barrier between 
platforms nine and ten. Albuss voice drifted back to 
Harry over the surrounding clamor; his sons had 
resumed the argument they had started in the car. 



  849 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   



I wonti I wont be in Slytherin! 

James, give it a rest! said Ginny. 

I only said he might be, said James, grinning at his 
younger brother. Theres nothing wrong with that. He 
might be in Slyth   

But James caught his mothers eye and fell silent. 

The five Potters approached the barrier. With a 
slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his younger 
brother, James took the trolley from his mother and 
broke into a run. A moment later, he had vanished. 

Youll write to me, wont you? Albus asked his 
parents immediately, capitalizing on the momentary 
absence of his brother. 

Every day, if you want us to, said Ginny. 

Not every day, said Albus quickly. James says most 
people only get letters from home about once a 
month. 

We wrote to James three times a week last year, 
said Ginny. 

And you dont want to believe everything he tells you 
about Hogwarts, Harry put in. He likes a laugh, 
your brother. 

Side by side, they pushed the second trolley forward, 
gathering speed. As they reached the barrier, Albus 
winced, but no collision came. Instead, the family 
emerged onto platform nine and threequarters, 
which was obscured by thick white steam that was 
pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts Express. Indistinct 
figures were swarming through the mist, into which 
James had already disappeared. 

  850 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Where are they? asked Albus anxiously, peering at 
the hazy forms they passed as they made their way 
down the platform. 

Well find them, said Ginny reassuringly. 

But the vapor was dense, and it was difficult to make 
out anybodys faces. Detached from their owners, 
voices sounded unnaturally loud. Harry thought he 
heard Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick 
regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to 
stop and say hello. ... 

I think thats them, Al, said Ginny suddenly. 

A group of four people emerged from the mist, 
standing alongside the very last carriage. Their faces 
only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and 
Albus had drawn right up to them. 

Hi, said Albus, sounding immensely relieved. 

Rose, who was already wearing her brandnew 
Hogwarts robes, beamed at him. 

Parked all right, then? Ron asked Harry. I did. 
Hermione didnt believe I could pass a Muggle driving 
test, did you? She thought Id have to Confund the 
examiner. 

No, I didnt, said Hermione, I had complete faith in 
you. 

As a matter of fact, I did Confund him, Ron 
whispered to Harry, as together they lifted Albus s 
trunk and owl onto the train. I only forgot to look in 
the wing mirror, and lets face it, I can use a 
Supersensory Charm for that. 



  851 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, 
Roses younger brother, having an animated 
discussion about which House they would be sorted 
into when they finally went to Hogwarts. 

If youre not in Gryffindor, well disinherit you, said 
Ron, but no pressure. 

Ron\ 

Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked 
solemn. 

He doesnt mean it, said Hermione and Ginny, but 
Ron was no longer paying attention. Catching Harrys 
eye, he nodded covertly to a point some fifty yards 
away. The steam had thinned for a moment, and 
three people stood in sharp relief against the shifting 
mist. 

Look who it is. 

Draco Malfoy was standing there with his wife and 
son, a dark coat buttoned up to his throat. His hair 
was receding somewhat, which emphasized the 
pointed chin. The new boy resembled Draco as much 
as Albus resembled Harry. Draco caught sight of 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny staring at him, 
nodded curtly, and turned away again. 

So thats little Scorpius, said Ron under his breath. 
Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank 
God you inherited your mothers brains. 

Ron, for heavens sake, said Hermione, half stern, 
half amused. Dont try to turn them against each 
other before theyve even started school! 



  852 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Youre right, sorry, said Ron, but unable to help 
himself, he added, Dont get too friendly with him, 
though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive 
you if you married a pureblood. 

Hey! 

James had reappeared; he had divested himself of his 
trunk, owl, and trolley, and was evidently bursting 
with news. 

Teddys back there, he said breathlessly, pointing 
back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of 
steam. Just seen him! And guess what hes doing? 
Snogging Victoire\ 

He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by 
the lack of reaction. 

Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin\ Snogging our Victoire! Our 
cousin! And I asked Teddy what he was doing   

You interrupted them? said Ginny. You are so like 
Ron   

  and he said hed come to see her off! And then he 
told me to go away. Hes snogging her! James added 
as though worried he had not made himself clear. 

Oh, it would be lovely if they got married! whispered 
Lily ecstatically. Teddy would really be part of the 
family then! 

He already comes round for dinner about four times 
a week, said Harry. Why dont we just invite him to 
live with us and have done with it? 

Yeah! said James enthusiastically. I dont mind 
sharing with A1  Teddy could have my room! 

  853 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




No, said Harry firmly, you and A1 will share a room 
only when I want the house demolished. 

He checked the battered old watch that had once 
been Fabian Prewetts. 

Its nearly eleven, youd better get on board. 

Dont forget to give Neville our love! Ginny told 
James as she hugged him. 

Mum! I cant give a professor love\ 

But you know Neville   

James rolled his eyes. 

Outside, yeah, but at school hes Professor 
Longbottom, isnt he? I cant walk into Herbology and 
give him love. ... 

Shaking his head at his mothers foolishness, he 
vented his feelings by aiming a kick at Albus. 

See you later, Al. Watch out for the thestrals. 

I thought they were invisible? You said they were 
invisible ! 

But James merely laughed, permitted his mother to 
kiss him, gave his father a fleeting hug, then leapt 
onto the rapidly filling train. They saw him wave, then 
sprint away up the corridor to find his friends. 

Thestrals are nothing to worry about, Harry told 
Albus. Theyre gentle things, theres nothing scary 
about them. Anyway, you wont be going up to school 
in the carriages, youll be going in the boats. 



  854 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




Ginny kissed Albus goodbye. 

See you at Christmas. 

Bye, Al, said Harry as his son hugged him. Dont 
forget Hagrids invited you to tea next Friday. Dont 
mess with Peeves. Dont duel anyone till youve 
learned how. And dont let James wind you up. 

What if Im in Slytherin? 

The whisper was for his father alone, and Harry knew 
that only the moment of departure could have forced 
Albus to reveal how great and sincere that fear was. 

Harry crouched down so that Albus s face was slightly 
above his own. Alone of Harrys three children, Albus 
had inherited Lilys eyes. 

Albus Severus, Harry said quietly, so that nobody 
but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to 
pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the 
train, you were named for two headmasters of 
Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was 
probably the bravest man I ever knew. 

But just say   

  then Slytherin House will have gained an excellent 
student, wont it? It doesnt matter to us, Al. But if it 
matters to you, youll be able to choose Gryffindor 
over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into 
account. 

Really? 

It did for me, said Harry. 



  855 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   




He had never told any of his children that before, and 
he saw the wonder in Albuss face when he said it. 

But now the doors were slamming all along the 
scarlet train, and the blurred outlines of parents were 
swarming forward for final kisses, lastminute 
reminders. Albus jumped into the carriage and Ginny 
closed the door behind him. Students were hanging 
from the windows nearest them. A great number of 
faces, both on the train and off, seemed to be turned 
toward Harry. 

Why are they all staring? demanded Albus as he 
and Rose craned around to look at the other 
students. 

Dont let it worry you, said Ron. Its me. Im 
extremely famous. 

Albus, Rose, Hugo, and Lily laughed. The train began 
to move, and Harry walked alongside it, watching his 
sons thin face, already ablaze with excitement. Harry 
kept smiling and waving, even though it was like a 
little bereavement, watching his son glide away from 
him. ... 

The last trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. 
The train rounded a corner. Harrys hand was still 
raised in farewell. 

Hell be all right, murmured Ginny. 

As Harry looked at her, he lowered his hand 
absentmindedly and touched the lightning scar on his 
forehead. 

I know he will. 

The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All 
was well. 

  856 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows   

