The River of Culture Has No Return
	Whether the native cultures and values should be conserved has been arguable and debatable for a long time. People often ignore their own cultures and values because they are regarded as outdated. They push themselves toward western culture, the so-called progressive culture. As a result of breakthrough technologies, we are able to perceive content from all over the world by merely using our fingertips, which is the cause of the western culture dissemination. Technologies connect and narrow down the distance between people while they can be used as a medium to spread out the cultures and values as well. Take, for example, the local village mentioned in The New York Times article: “In China, 'Once the Villages are gone, the Culture Is Gone'”. The villager’s traditional culture was altered and going to die out because of the urbanization and modernization of the nearby area. Besides, the new generation tends to apply more and more foreign cultures and pay less attention to their traditional cultures, which accelerate the pace of culture elimination. Addressed in both Charukesi Ramadurai’s “Fading Lights in Mumbai” and Justin Nobel’s “The Last Inuit of Quebec”, the disappearance of traditional cultures has become a severe and critical issue as the countries attempt to globalize. Nevertheless, the issue in the former article is preventable and reversible while that in the latter article is difficult to deter.


Both articles discuss and share the similar effect of urbanization and globalization: expelling and eliminating the local and traditional cultures. In order to spread out globalization, technologies play a great role since they have been integrated into our daily life. We can easily imbibe contents, including cultures, from other countries within a second. Exposing ourselves to the unexperienced cultures can be beneficial; however, they can replace and demolish our native cultures. In Nobel’s “The Last Inuit of Quebec”, the new generation of the Inuit ignore their ancestors’ cultures and traditions until they disappear. On the other hand, in Charukesi Ramadurai’s “Fading Lights in Mumbai”, new technologies, the modern and up-to-date cineplexes, help raising the concern about conserving the historical and local cineplexes. Technologies have both beneficial and harmful effects depend on the utilization, regulation, and awareness. In some situation, they help preserving and advertising the native cultures while, sometimes, they eliminate and wipe out the traditional cultures. 
	Regarding Nobel’s “The Last Inuit of Quebec”, as the globalization is creeping and permeating into the distant minorities, it shapes and changes their lifestyle and also eradicates the initial and traditional cultures. As Nobel suggests in “The Inuit invented the kayak but no one in Nunavik remembered how to operate one” , he provides surprising and disappointing example — the new generation is not even able to operate their ancestors’ invention — in order to emphasize the underestimated and underlying impact of globalization. The introduction of the breakthrough technologies along with the globalization of the foreign cultures connects people to the worldwide information. People will attempt to catch up with the current worldwide trend, but most of them do not realize the insidious consequence of the globalization: eradicating the 

original cultures. People, 
including the Inuit, tend to depend themselves on those advanced technologies such as mobile phone or GPS device as stated in “Dependence has made some people lazy” because of their easiness. In fact, to be dependent can yield more advantage, but people have to carefully consider the consequences to their cultures.
	A similar effect can also be observed in Ramadurai’s “Fading Lights in Mumbai”. The local and historical cineplexes that are replete with priceless stories and memories to the nearby communities are shutting down because people prefer the modern and brand-new cineplexes to the old-fashioned cinemas Ramadurai implies in “Nestled in the city’s noisy bustle, Mumbai’s single-screen theaters are exotic anachronism.”. Even if many people explicitly state that those traditional cineplexes should be protected and preserved, they, compared to all people, are a relatively small group that cannot raise concern, create the great impact, or bring the issue to others’ attention. As presented in the article, there are some local cineplexes in service and they are struggling to survive, which leads to the fact that the issue is still curable. The majority needs to be aware of the culture’s value: it cannot be cultivated in a short amount of time. Finally, the majority must realize that the culture concealed in those cineplexes is also a part of their identity that should be protected among the globalization dissemination. As discussed, globalization can be regarded as either the enhancing process — raise the concern of culture preservation — or the destructive and harmful phenomenon — eliminate the native culture — depend on how effectively people control and be aware of it.
	Even though globalization cannot be resisted, the consequences can be handled and relieved if people value the importance and the significance of their own culture. Take, for 

example, the cineplexes in Mumbai. They are inferior in terms of quality and technology compared to the brand-new and hi-tech foreign cineplexes; nevertheless, they imprint incalculable historical 
moments into most people’s mind as Ramadurai presents in “Everyone in Mumbai has a single-screen story”. By referring to “Every theatre [has] its own character and charm”, each local cineplex has its own uniqueness and reputation. Although it might not be very attractive, the unique character impresses and provides the unobtainable experience to customers. As Ramadurai implies, the local cineplexes deserve to be preserved since they have their own value as a result of the one-of-a-kind experience they provide to customers. If people prioritize the anecdote they have of the local cineplexes and acknowledge the value of them, they will be a great and significant part of protecting and preserving the historical cineplexes along with their anecdotes. Otherwise, the disappearance of the local cineplexes will ominously continue until all of them are gone.
	Although Ramadurai thinks the issue as a result of globalization is curable, Nobel implies that, in some cases, it is incurable. As we look into Nobel’s “The Last Inuit of Quebec”, he presents the irresistible global trends that invade and associate into the Inuit’s society. Nowadays, high-tech devices such as a mobile phone, a laptop computer, or a tablet have been integrated into everyone’s life, including those in a distant land like the Inuit. They fulfill our life with the ease of accomplishing many tasks, but they can also harm the existing cultures. As addressed in the previous paragraph, the new generation cannot operate the kayak since they are not required 
to know how to use it. The new generation goes to the school, studies what corresponds to the global trend, and dissipates to seek for a better life. In order to survive in the global stage, they 

have to conform to the majority of the world, which obliges them to abandon their ancestors’ cultures. Unlike the situation of the local cineplexes demolition, this issue is unavoidable 
if people want to be recognized on a global stage. As Nobel suggests “I don’t know how long that place will last or even if it deserves to, but surely it will soon enough be gone” . It is obvious that the more the Inuit citizens attempt to globalize, the faster their native culture vanishes. Eventually, the only thing left might be the story written in the history book or exhibited in the museum. The abandoned culture will finally disappear from the world. As Proverb suggests in “We know the true worth of a thing when we have lost it”, we will realize the value of our culture when we have dismissed it. The Inuit culture’s value will become obvious when their descendants have omitted their native culture.
	Tough to invent and cultivate, culture is valuable and deserves to survive since it cannot be created in a short amount of time. People often disregard this fact and abandon their native culture until it vanishes over time. Most of them often assume that their traditional culture must be substituted with the new culture. However, in many cases, it turns out that both of them can present together, so we can both globalize and preserve our native culture at the same time. The act of preserving our initial culture should be taken into account before it is too late to execute.
